Brian Newman: Yes, Amit, happy to take that. So, from a yield perspective, very happy with the progress, particularly in the U.S. business, we went from Q2 yield was minus 4%, 4.4%, we are flat in Q3 and up 7.8% in Q4. So, I think you’ve heard us talk about the revenue quality actions we’ve been implementing. It’s a combination of mix; it’s a combination of surcharges and customer actions. So, I think the progress speaks for itself. In terms of op margins for 2021, as I mentioned, we’re committed to expanding our domestic op margin in the year. I won’t get into Q1 versus Q2. We’ll certainly give you some more guidance and clarity when we get together in June to talk about the second half of the year. But suffice it to say, the combination of revenue quality and cost actions will expand domestic margins in year.
Brian Newman: Yes. Amit, I think we talked on the last quarter about some of the headwinds we are walking into in the fourth quarter of ‘20. We had 40,000 employees coming on, which was about $100 million headwind, we are investing in fastest ground ever. I guess, what I would call your attention to, if you’re looking for margin progression and progress, we made an attentional decision as Carol mentioned to accelerate the vesting of some awards. And if you back that out, that was worth about 80 basis points. So, we would have actually generated positive leverage in Q4. So, as you think about that relationship, we would have seen positive leverage if we chose not to pull that forward. Hopefully, that answers.
Brian Newman: Just Tom, on the Q4 the inflection Carol referenced, I think, if you look back the last decade or so, we were – we are used to seeing peak in Q4 margins actually decelerate, go down from Q3. This was actually an inflection point where we actually saw an 8.6% go to an 8.8% on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis. So, I think the levers we’re pulling on revenue, the levers we’re pulling on cost that Carol referenced, we’re looking for the right glide path, but we’ll give you more clarity on that.
Brian Newman: Sure. So, we’ve – we pivoted a little bit the buildings and auto piece is going to represent about $2 billion of the $4 billion. We do have about $1.6 billion of maintenance that we need to continue to invest in the business and we’re reserving the balance for growth. I think the shift towards higher return, we’re going for shorter-term paybacks in areas like international and healthcare and technology. Those are areas that we’re pivoting to, to generate capture the growth in high return areas.
Brian Newman: Yes, we saw in the industrial side, Allison, that healthcare and auto were positive. Also, if we look internationally, we actually saw Asia and Europe contribute with a high-tech in international, in particular, we saw 2% positive B2B growth in the quarter in international, that was the first positive sign in 2020. So hopefully, the B2B translate about the same, down 8% in the U.S., but hopefully with – as the sectors come back and as Carol mentioned, as retail opens back up, we can grow that as well.
Brian Newman: Yes. So on those two, Ken, the margin comment I was referring to was domestic, where we’re looking to expand that on a year-over-year basis and committing to do that. The Transformation 2.0, I called out $500 million of benefit in 2021, that’s related specifically to what we call Transformation 2.0, the non-operating spend. The gross number on it was actually $750 million. So, net of some investments, it was $500 million for the year. But please remember, when we talked about Transformation, this was a non-op initiative, we’re reducing our non-op spend by about 8%. So, that’s a good first step. We’re going to move into Transformation 3.0 and get after the operating cost inside the business, which is the next wave and I think we’ll provide more detail and clarity on that as we get to June.
Brian Newman: So, from a margin perspective, my reference was that domestic would expand, we’re going to talk to you about the full-year margins when we get to June 9, Ken. So, there’s a lot of volatility going on right now, Asia, Europe, etcetera so, more clarity to come on that.
Brian Newman: Let me take the second. So yes, Jordan, you’re right. On a year-over-year profit growth, certainly the margins, we’re lapping lower domestic margins in the U.S. Those ramp up to about 9.3% in the second quarter. So, I was referring to – for profit growth on that.
Brian Newman: Yes, I’m sure, Scott. So look, we’re focused on strengthening the balance sheet. I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about for modeling purposes assume no buybacks in 2021. We think by reinvesting in the business in areas that are driving higher cash returns, strengthening the balance sheet, Scott, we’ll end up with a one of Carol’s five imperatives, a strong credit rating as we go forward, which gives us optionality to evaluate opportunities organic and inorganic.
Brian Newman: Yes, no, it’s – there is some CapEx avoidance on a low-margin business and we expect a positive improvement to our margins and ROIC, which our core focus. So, I think it’s a win-win.
Brian Newman: Yes. Brandon, so we had a $6.5 billion mark. There is actually a deck that will provide you the details on it, but the discount rate change, a little – was a little over $4 billion and in Central States, we took what we believe to be the last reserve for that which was a little over $2 billion. So, those were the two elements that made up the mark. In terms of headwinds for up on the service cost side, if that’s what you’re asking about, from a pension perspective, we have a similar headwind to what we had in 2020. It’s about $300 million related to service cost in the U.S. business.
Brian Newman: Right. So, we pulled forward, about $1.7 billion in contributions into December of 2020 and don’t anticipate having those in 2021, Carol.
Brian Newman: We’ve got – $750 million was the gross program. We reinvested to get to a net $500 million. We do have transformation charges associated with severance that will show up in the guidance that we give you.
Brian Newman: Sorry. But the return on those investments, are kind of 7 to 8 months. So, we are looking for better returns. I think you’ll find that the investment in the transformation charges is non-core are good paybacks.
Brian Newman: No. So, it will be – the majority will be related to the Transformation 2.0 programs we talked to you about.
Carol Tome: Well, I’ll talk – take the automation question. By the end of 2021, we expect that 88% of our packages will go through an automated assort. So, we’re reaching sort of where we wanted to be in that regard. That doesn’t though talk about robots and what we are doing with robot application inside of our domestic business. We’ve got some interesting pilots underway that are actually starting to take traction, particularly as it relates to label applications and we’ll be happy to share with you more information in that regard too. It’s pretty exciting when I think about what we can do from that perspective longer term. In terms of how we’re spending our capital this year, Brian, you might want to talk about that.
Carol Tome: Maybe a little bit more specificity here. We’ll expand or retrofit about 7 buildings in 2021, it’s about 2 million square feet that will be added, 130,000 packages per hour. We are adding 11 new aircraft, which will certainly help support the demand that we’re seeing outside of the United States. So, we’re planning to grow. So, we are planning to grow smartly. It’s about being better not bigger.
Carol Tome: So, let’s just address the elephant in the room, which is our largest customer. We have over 19 million customers. Amazon is our largest customer, we enjoyed growth with that customer in 2020. If you look at total revenues for our company in ‘20, Amazon now makes up about 13.3% of our total revenues, up from 11.6% last year. But we had growth in other customers as well. As we look at our large enterprise customers, in the fourth quarter alone, we had enterprise customers, who were growing at 80% year-on-year. Full-year, we had enterprise customers, who were growing 100% year-on-year. So, we see growth across the board. To your question, Allison about the stickiness of the SMB customer, we are laser-focused here, because this is such an important customer to us and when we think values are end-to-end network. So, we have 16 customer journeys that we are investing into – to improve the customer experience. Now it started with our fastest ground ever initiative and we made good progress in that regard, but we are not done, we know there’s more we can do to invest in that – at that experience, because speed really matters for this customer, but it’s also about a frictionless digital experience. And I’ll just give you one example of our 16 customer journeys, that’s our billing system. If you look at our billing system for our SMB customers, compared to our competitors and if you did a Harvey ball comparison, you would see that many of our Harvey balls are empty, which means our capabilities are well at a competitive disadvantage. This is a system that was built by UPS years ago, god’s sake, I don’t know how long ago, but years ago. We are replacing that system with a new SaaS provided software application and when you do the capability comparison against what we will have against our competitors, lower best-in-class. That matters to this customer, because the billing system can be personalized for their experience and every SMB customer is different. Now we can’t have this in every country around the world, because some countries require paper still today, but in many countries, we can install this billing system and we believe that will result in stickiness, it’s also about the solutions that we provide. When we provide solutions to our customers, we see they stick with us. And the numbers are quite impressive in terms of the stickiness, if they have a solution and don’t have a solution. So, we continue to invest in that. And at our June 9th Investor Conference, we’re going to unpack this in pretty good detail for you, so you can get a sense of what we’re talking about. The one other data point that I will share with you is churn and I think we talked about churn on my first earnings call didn’t we. We’ve got laser focus on SMB churn. What we saw in December is our churn improved for the company year-over-year, the first month this year and we think that’s really in large part, because of the customer journeys we’re investing in and our fastest ground ever. And as a reminder, every point of churn improvement in the United States is about $170 million of revenue.
Carol Tome: There is just still so much uncertainty isn’t there? Because until we get this pandemic under control, it’s a little bit walking [indiscernible]
Carol Tome: If you’re trying to build a model, I think we could help you if you’re trying to build a model that you should plan for operating profit to grow outside of the United States.
Carol Tome: The margin question is highly dependent on supply and demand and whether or not surcharges will be maintained. We are holding today. The question is, will they hold for the balance of the year? We’ll have much more clarity on that in June.
Carol Tome: We are very pleased with the relationships that we have with our good customers. This has been a challenging year for all of us. We have all exceeded this or enjoy this unprecedented demand, which is candidly pressure, but as we work through it, we’ve been able to land really I think very favorable contracts for us and for our customers. It’s really about optimizing the network, leaning into the customer segments that values our end-to-end network.
Carol Tome: The way you should think about it is very different than in the past. We’re moving to more personalized pricing.
Carol Tome: If we look at our productivity results, I’m pleased with what I’m seeing in our feed, I’m pleased with what I’m seeing in our assort, I’m pleased with what I’ve seen in our hubs. I’m not pleased what I’ve seen in our pre-load and Nando and team are really looking at how they can drive productivity on pre-load and clearly, we’ve got some density opportunities. Now, we’ve been trying to drive synthetic density through our access points in our UPS Stores. We have 22,000 access points and you have UPS Stores that we are trying to utilize to drive delivery density. It’s not working, as well as we thought quite candidly. So, as a team we’ve taken this as a strategic imperative and we’re going to talk about other ideas we have to improve density, given that you can’t really change the demand pattern, but there are things that we can do internally we believe to drive productivity. So, more to come, this will certainly be something that we’ll be unpacking on June 9.
Carol Tome: So, they are all hoping that their stores will reopen, because they’ve got a huge investment in that real estate, of course, but from a demand perspective, there is no one out there that thinks that demand is going to change. We are in a new normal. Even my relatives, who are older are shopping online, before they would never do that. So, they’re all telling us they don’t expect demand to go back. There has been a step change in the demand patterns, which then translates into capacity shortfall candidly. So, if you think about what happened in peak of this year, there was about a 3 million ADB shortfall in terms of the demand. And if you look forward into 2021, you would expect that shortfall to consist, which just gives us an opportunity to continue to optimize our network.
Carol Tome: You’re right in that this is a very difficult environment, one that we’ve never been faced with before, but the team did a masterful job of managing through it. A few things were different than this peak than last peak. One was the use of PVDs or Personal Vehicle Drivers. We’ve used them in the past, but this year we really lean into it. So, in the United States, this year, we had 39,000 PVD drivers and they delivered 69 million packages. That we believe drove $92 million of benefit in the quarter. So, this is something that really worked very well and we’re going to lean into this as we think about peaks of the future. We were also able to use our dream tool, which is a dispatch tool to give our team store drivers, who worked so hard, give them some time with their families, which hasn’t been the case in prior season. So, we were happy to be able to deliver that. We were also pleased with our ability to redirect our SurePost volume back into our network. We saw in December alone 50% of the SurePost volume was redirected back into the network delivered by our UPS drivers. That resulted in productivity savings as well of about $44 million. Now, was there money left on the table? Sure. We had disruption with pilots in part of the world like Shanghai for sure, we had some money left on the table, but I would say, we had more good news than bad news coming out of the challenges in the fourth quarter.
Carol Tome: Yes. Well, as you know, we employ more Teamsters than any other company and we love our Teamsters employees, so UPSers first, Teamsters, second. As we think about labor, our contract comes due in the United States, it comes due in 2023, and we think about mutually beneficial outcome for both our Teamsters and UPS, as we prepare for that contract, reviewing labor as a strategic imperative. We want to keep those jobs. We want to grow jobs. So, we’re going to be speaking with the union representation about how we do that going forward. We’re also candidly excited about what new administration could mean for pension reform and pension reform would be good for us and would be good for our Teamsters. So, we will continue to work that agenda, because we think it’s in the best interest of all parties.
Carol Tome: From my perspective, we have ample room to allocate capital back into the business and back to the shareholders. We just want to make sure that we generate the right return on that. And to your point – I haven’t been in the seat for that long, and it’s been, it’s a big company to try to get your hands around, but as we look at the opportunities to invest, we are going to have opportunities to invest. We just want to make sure that every dollar that we invest generates a higher return on capital. That’s our goal and the share buybacks will come. We thought for modeling purposes, it was just helpful to say no buybacks. If we change our mind on that, we’ll tell you what we’re doing and you can put it into your model.
Carol Tome: Well, Jack, as you can appreciate, it wouldn’t be appropriate for me to speculate on assets that might be available for sale, but everything is under review.
Carol Tome: And Brandon, we made some cash contributions in pension assets in 2020. We’re not planning that in 2021.
Carol Tome: If you’re looking for a longer-term answer, we’re going to punt to June 9, because on June 9, we’re going to lay out our longer-term plan and we can answer that question in great detail.
Carol Tome: So, there are a number of regional players. There are a number of new entrants that are coming in the market. Our job is to provide the best end-to-end experience, so the customers that we are bringing into our network are those customers, who value what we have to offer. In many ways, it’s about leaning into segments like healthcare, like SMBs and other high-growth areas that value our end-to-end network. And just on healthcare, if I could make a comment on vaccines, because we haven’t talked about it, but thought I just might sure what we’re doing in the vaccine solution here, as you know, it’s a complicated supply chain. There is upstream supply chain where the raw materials are delivered to the manufacturers. Then there is a place where we play, which is delivering vaccines from the manufacturers to the dosing locations. And then there’s the administration of the vaccines by the dosing locations. As it relates to the space that we play manufacturers to the dosing locations, we’ve delivered about 225,000 shipments, about 36.5 million vaccines at service levels at 99.99%. So, our healthcare logistics team is just doing a – just a really great job of moving these vaccines forward and couldn’t be more proud of that team.
