D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning. Our third quarter results reflect the ability of UPSers to meet the needs of our customers while making the necessary adjustments in an environment of shifting market conditions. The U.S. Domestic business benefited from e-commerce. International results have rebounded as exports from Asia grew slightly. Europe was steady, however, U.S. exports remained weak. The Supply Chain & Freight segment continued to deliver strong operating margins. Now let's take a quick look at the global economy. In Europe, more countries are slipping into recession as they impose austerity measures. Though the economy there has contracted, the small package market has not. In Asia, although projections have come down, economic growth there leads the world. Although as I said last quarter, exports continue to lag GDP growth. Here in the U.S., where some of the recent economic indicators provide optimism, general economists have lowered their expectations for the remainder of the year. The lack of clear direction on future tax and spending policy has and will continue to slow business investment. This will clearly impact the B2B small package market. Regardless of the outcome in November, the U.S. is on the edge of a fiscal cliff, and there is concern whether our politicians can reach an agreement that solves these issues. The lack of political will to fix our debt problem adds to the uncertainty in our economy, just what we don't need. That's why we are supporting Fix The Debt, the organization founded by former U.S. Senator Alan Simpson and Clinton Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles. Our goal is to have a bipartisan debt reduction plan drafted when Congress returns in January, and we believe it's realistic to have it passed in early 2013. If solutions are in place to both reduce our deficit and eliminate the threat of a fiscal cliff, the U.S. will be in a much better position for sustained economic growth. During the quarter, UPS began formal negotiations with the Teamsters more than 10 months early. We believe an early start will lead to an early conclusion, and this is beneficial for all stakeholders. In addition, UPS successfully completed the largest nonmilitary logistics event ever when the 2012 London Olympic and Paralympic Games closed. I personally want to thank the thousands of UPSers who worked to ensure the success of these games. Great job. The logistic support of the London Olympics is a prime example of our transformation and the trust the international community has placed in UPS. We've invested over the decades to build unique capabilities, trading the world's logistics provider. Further demonstrating the UPS strategy of investing to grow is our planned acquisition of TNT Express. We recently received a Statement of Objection from the European Commission. This is not uncommon. We're evaluating this confidential document and will respond in due course. UPS still expects to close this transaction early next year. We have committed to complete this acquisition and enhance our position in the logistics industry. We are further strengthening the UPS brand and positioning the company for worldwide growth, well into the future. Speaking of brand, earlier this month, Interbrand announced their 2012 list of 100 Best Global Brands, and UPS, once again, ranked #1 in our industry. Finally, UPSers around the world are gearing up for the holiday rush, and I'm confident that no matter what Mother Nature throws our way, UPS will deliver. Now Kurt will review our results for the quarter.
D. Scott Davis: And, Tom, our long-term targets on Domestic are 14% to 15% margins, 2014 to 2016. We're not backing off those margins as we move forward.
D. Scott Davis: We think that this slow global trade is cyclical and that it will come back. I think one of the things we talk a lot about is this fiscal cliff in the U.S., if we resolve that, get the U.S. economy consumer going again, that will help demand, I think, U.S. from Asia. So we see it coming back some next year.
D. Scott Davis: Ken, there are also several positives out there, I think, for the holiday season. Housing is starting to improve. We have lower fuel costs, low interest rates, stock market's been strong. That usually correlates to good consumer behavior. So that helps. Now there are negatives, and I don't want to be repetitive on the fiscal cliff, but sometime about end of November, after the election, fiscal cliff will be front and center, and that will cause some uncertainty. So there are some risks. On the question on TNT, the Statement of Objection is absolutely a normal step in a Phase II merger review. It is expected. It happens in almost all Phase II reviews. So it's -- and it doesn't obviously -- it's basically the EC laying out their position, but it does not prejudge the final outcome. We got a lot of work to do on it. We've been working very closely with the commission over the last several months. We'll continue with the open dialogue. We'll respond in the next couple of weeks. But the document is confidential, and we can't share the details of it at this point in time.
D. Scott Davis: And I think, historically, we've always shown the ability to perform, I think, in good times and bad times better than most of the industry because we have such a flexible workforce, and we can flex it based on the volume on a daily basis.
D. Scott Davis: And, Jeff, as -- for the last 20 years, the B2C has become sort of 1% more of the pie each year. In the last probably year, 1.5 years, that pace has picked up to maybe 2% a year more of the pie. So that evolution is speeding up as we speak.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. I think we said all year, we expect the third quarter to have easier comps and start seeing better comparisons, and you saw that. So there's really no surprise. I would not say that global exports out of Asia are growing at a fast pace. We have ways to go there.
D. Scott Davis: And, Peter, we are, as Kurt said, focused on return on invested capital. Our long-term targets have minimum of 25% ROIC 2014 and on. That's based on this mix of products. So we're focused on return on invested capital. We'll keep great ROICs going despite the mix we're looking at here.
D. Scott Davis: Ed, we expect to see, obviously, Domestic operating profit improvement in the fourth quarter at a margin of 15% or over. So we feel like we're moving in the right direction there.
D. Scott Davis: Justin, to your point on small-, medium-sized enterprises is a focal point for UPS. I know Myron and Alan's teams are looking for different ways to go to that market, I think. They have not been spending. They have not been stocking inventory. They have not been hiring because of all the certainly out there, and they will get it going once the government makes some decisions. But we are bringing a lot more solutions to this group. I think solutions originally were focused to the larger companies, larger businesses. Now we're bringing those solutions to the small- and medium-sized companies, which will help us grow the middle market going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. Back to geography that Kurt talked about, clearly, the European demand is down. That's impacting the Asia exports and U.S. exports pretty dramatically as we move forward. So hopefully, we can get some European imports going again in the future.
D. Scott Davis: I will let Dave Abney talk about that. He probably won't be able to tell you an awful lot because we're keeping the negotiations at the table.
D. Scott Davis: I think as far as the evolution, B2B to B2C, it's pretty steady. But clearly, the fourth quarter holiday season, B2C has a bigger piece of the mix, as it always is during Christmas season.
D. Scott Davis: And the revenue shows up in Domestic package, International package, obviously Freight, Forwarding, Distribution, so across-the-board.
D. Scott Davis: And we're confident we'll get clearance and we'll get it early in 2013, and we're committed to the transaction.
D. Scott Davis: And, Bill, we adjust. 80 to 90 years ago, B2C was 100% of our business. So we will adjust based on how the market changes.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Unfortunately, global trade continues to be slower than any of us would like at this point in time. But I think UPS has made the necessary adjustments. You started to see it in the third quarter results. I think we did a nice turnaround in International. We're going in the right direction. But in the fourth quarter, we actually expect to hit on all cylinders. Each segment anticipates operating profit improvement with margin equal to or better than last year. This is not only a testament of UPS business model, but also the capabilities and dedication of the UPS team. Thanks so much for joining us today, and we'll see you next quarter.
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, Kurt. As everyone knows, the holidays are a busy time around UPS. Every peak season, millions of customers count on more than 400,000 UPSers to successfully manage the sharp and sudden increase in deliveries. This surge will take our daily average of about 15 million packages up to 28 million on this year's peak day, the most ever in our 105-year history. It is truly awe-inspiring, and in my 32-peak seasons, I've always been impressed for how our people get the job done. This year will be no exception. The dramatic rise of e-commerce continues to alter consumer behavior and shipping patterns. Historically, peak season volume ramped up from Thanksgiving to Christmas. This year, we are planning for 2 peak periods: one that revolves around Black Friday and Cyber Monday, the other compressed into the 2 weeks before Christmas. Speaking to our global customer base about their expectations for this holiday season, they tell us they are cautious. However, they also remain optimistic. Economic uncertainty around the world has them uneasy about how their consumers will respond this year. On another note, the retail inventory to sales ratio is still historically low. So their supply chain is constrained to keep up if demand is more than predicted. And although consumer confidence has increased recently, there is still concern relative to political and fiscal uncertainty. According to a recent survey, 70% of Americans say the current state of the economy is impacting their spending plans, and as a result, forecast for holiday retail sales call for lower growth. The National Retail Federation is projecting a 4.1% rise in holiday sales, which is below last year's 5.6% but still above the 10-year average. More importantly for UPS, e-commerce sales are expected to jump 12% over last year, so demand for our lightweight and Deferred air products is expected to be high. As the season develops, UPS will be ready. In fact, we already started the hiring process for temporary employees. This peak, they will help deliver more than 0.5 billion packages around the globe. And to support both shippers and consumers during the holidays, UPS offers many unique solutions. For example, UPS My Choice, which was launched at this time last year, is unmatched in the industry. Almost 2 million households have signed up and are enjoying the benefits. Advantages like providing delivery alerts by e-mail or SMS the day before your package is delivered, eliminating those "sorry we missed you" notices left on your door or the ability to reschedule or reroute deliveries or one of the most popular features, authorizing UPS to deliver without a signature. So if you haven't signed up for UPS My Choice yet, I strongly encourage you to join the almost 2 million who have and enjoy an exceptional package delivery experience this holiday season courtesy of UPS. Thanks, and now we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Alan Gershenhorn: I guess, first, I wouldn't characterize the lightweight product as any specific customer. We have a broad base of customers that are using the lightweight SurePost product. But it is a relatively new product, and we are going to be lapping some very significant growth in that product. So I think that you should see some yields firm up into 2013 in that regard. And by the way, on the previous question on the -- on weight in general, I think one of the things we've been able to accomplish with the SurePost product is we're now capturing the disproportionate share of that market. That wasn't necessarily a market that we played in even with our Ground residential, and now we're able to go after lightweight, less time-sensitive economic type of products in the marketplace that we weren't necessarily competitive for in the past.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So it's certainly noteworthy that on year-on-year basis, that the product and the customer mix continues to negatively impact the yields. And again, I think a lot of those base rate improvements are being masked by the continued growth in lightweight products. But clearly, the portfolio we have out there, whether it's for B2B customers or B2C customers, allows them to certainly optimize their transportation and pick the service that they need at the -- provide the service they need at a cost point they're looking for. The other thing I would just add is that the core pricing certainly remains firm, around 2.5% base price increase, a little bit stronger on the Air side.
Alan Gershenhorn: Clearly, there's a heck of a lot going on in the B2C market. Certainly, SurePost postal injection is one of those areas what UPS is doing, with UPS My Choice is another, and certainly, a lot of noise out there with same-day type delivery options. I think it's really still too early to tell precisely how that's going to shape up, but that's really an incubating part of the market at this time. I think more importantly is what the retailers are looking at out there and what UPS is helping them do in terms of what is being called like omni-channel out there. So we're out there helping both e-tailers and e-tailers with brick-and-mortar leverage all the assets they have. And what you're seeing now is retailers that want to fulfill directly from their store to consumer or fulfill from their dot.coms directly to their stores and create an ecosystem out there, where customers have the maximum access and the maximum number of options out there. And I think another area is if you can fulfill from a store and provide customer a late pickup, then you can get next-day delivery or near same-day delivery with the late pickup.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Tom, yes, B2C has continued to show slight declines. So we're -- it didn't get significantly worse from Q2 to Q3. But clearly, with some of the challenges in the industrial sector and some of those areas, we're just not seeing a lot of strength there. So B2C was absolutely the primary driver of the volume growth. And as we've said, this is one of the big market changes that we're adapting our business model to, so it -- the B2C is a little more challenging. But as you've seen, both the operational technology side and the consumer side, we're focusing enhancements to address that.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Right, yes. It certainly was great to see Asia get into positive numbers again, and I think it is a little bit of both of the issues that you mentioned. I'll let Dan Brutto talk about that a little bit.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think we're not expecting a significant rebound in the economy. So this outlook is for kind of steady-as-she-goes economic conditions. We've not seen a real change in momentum sequentially, month-to-month and going into October. We're looking for about 3% volume growth, in aggregate, for the fourth quarter, slightly less than the current momentum. But I think based just on the progress and the execution across all of the business units, we've adapted to the challenging conditions. Certainly, you've seen it with International, and Domestic continues to operate well and -- albeit in a changing environment. So we feel a little more confident, at least, with narrowing the range and clearly being able to deliver a decent fourth quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, a lot of pieces to that, Nate. I guess, for starters, the big focus that we have with the changing mix of B2C is really the -- our -- enriching our technology, both for customers and operations, so that we can keep the margins. Myron, maybe you can talk at a high level on some of the things we've been doing.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. And I guess one other real component, if you talk to global network, is our fleet composition and our ability to -- we have a very harmonized young feet. So maybe, Dave Abney, you could talk a little bit about how the airlines' reacting to these trade flows.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. That's a great question, Jeff, and it's the stuff we've been looking at ourselves and trying to isolate. I think if you go back to the more traditional view of weight, which was kind of the indicator of how many widgets are in the box, you could see that packages would get lighter during lean times than heavier. There's a slight weight drop if you look kind of at same-store sales on the B2B for similar industries. So there are certainly -- things continue to get a little smaller, and the economy isn't robust. The vast majority of the weight declines, and we are continuing to see substantial ones, is really this B2B-to-B2C mix. Because we have all of that mixed in the same network, it does create some very big changes in average weight and also is the biggest single driver, by far, of the revenue per piece comps that can be challenging. So our trick is to continue to find creative ways to manage through that, and we're doing pretty well so far.
Kurt P. Kuehn: We're continuing to execute. Clearly, we have a very long history of continued share gains in the international sector. The product launches in September, clearly, was a boost that made September the better growth month. So we're not trying to overplay this. Plus, we've seen sometimes there's a broader ecosystem around product launches. We're peripheral suppliers in some of that launch. So we like to think we're gaining share. Clearly, the profitability was great this quarter. But it's too soon to say that either we or the industry is out of the woods as far as long-term Asia exports.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, no. We'll be -- we did do the debt issuance a few weeks ago, and we were just thrilled to see the demand for that. As I said, it was more than 7x oversubscribed. That $1.75 billion really was an early draw to replace debt that comes due in early January. So basically, a couple of billion of that cash and marketable securities is just a pre-funding for that debt. So you take that out, and we're in pretty good shape. We'll use a little commercial paper, as we said. We have some commercial paper outstanding, but we want to be in good position to address the cash needs to close that. So our intentions remain the same as we've said before, that we don't anticipate a need to do any long-term issuance to fund the TNT acquisition.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, clearly, we're long-term observers of Europe and have operated there for a long time, facilitating the transporter movements. I'll let Dan talk a little about the competitive environment there.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, I'll talk about the returns issue and then maybe Alan can talk about the market trends and the customer mix change. Clearly, we spend a lot of time focusing on adjusting our domestic network, as Myron talked about, to extract and maintain, by far, the industry's highest returns on capital and, by far, the highest aggregate margins. This growth in lightweight Deferred packages, whether they're B2C, residential or the premium residential packages, does create some different operational challenges, but the returns on capital are very high. They tend not to consume as much in the way of assets. And with our increased focus on the productivity of the last mile that we've been doing, clearly, we're continuing to generate good returns. As far as the yields and the changing mix, we've talked about that a little bit, but Alan can give a little more color to it.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Sure, Ed. Let me -- I'll be glad to unfold that for you a little bit. The 2 most notable issues that were headwinds in the third quarter, and frankly, we guided at least some of those last quarter, the first was the fuel surcharge lag, which I think we did estimate was about $60 million. In addition, there was a one less good working day this quarter, which, as a ballpark, we usually say that's about $50 million, plus or minus, per working day. So if you factor those 2 in, we did also say in Q2, we had a $60 million tailwind for fuel. So if you average out those 2 quarters, you can actually see the business trends remain fairly stable, and we would have shown solid increases in profits. So we feel that things are working pretty well. We knew third quarter was going to be a challenge. That's part of why we had to talk a little more about that last quarter. The mix -- changing mix is a challenge that we're continuing to work through, but we feel pretty good so far. So in general, we think the business is steady in the U.S. The operational enhancements are helping to offset the challenges that we're facing with the lighter weight packages, and we expect that to continue.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think no. The -- clearly, we've talked a lot about the cost and the technology enhancements, but equally important is the revenue management and extracting the value from all of these new capabilities. So, Alan, maybe you can talk a little bit about how we're enhancing on the revenue side.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Certainly, we've seen shifts geographically quite a bit with some of the intercontinental moves slowing, which we've talked about for a couple of quarters. I'll let Dan maybe add a little color on what we're seeing in our Forwarding unit and express.
Kurt P. Kuehn: No. We'll be releasing more details about the peak season and the holidays in a couple of weeks or so. As Alan said, we do expect over 0.5 billion packages between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So we'll be very busy, and there'll be plenty of temporary hires that start with the company, like myself, during the holidays. But we'll give you more details in a couple of weeks.
Kurt P. Kuehn: David, that's good question. I wouldn't interpret our guidance to be optimism, specifically around the International Forwarding. More important than that segment, as far as contributing to profit improvements, is our UPS Freight and our Distribution business. So no, we expect Forwarding to have another challenging quarter. Clearly, the buy rates are low but the revenues are also being pushed down quite a bit. So it's more an expression of optimism of the continued momentum in our Freight and in our Distribution business, which is benefiting from the healthcare growth.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. We did see some margin compression quarter-over-quarter. Clearly, we didn't quite hit the overall segment margin that we'd hope. We hoped to get to 9% this quarter and ended up coming in still at a healthy 8.3%, and the biggest driver of that was the margins on the Forwarding. We don't disclose the exact margins of our Ocean and Air Forwarding. Clearly, the Ocean has been actually doing a little better than the Air Forwarding since that's an industry-wide trend. And as Dan mentioned, with our less-than-container-load in expedited Ocean, we're finding what we think is a profitable niche. So we think the quarter -- fourth quarter will again be a challenging one for the -- for all of the forwarders, frankly.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we did see healthcare grow approximately 20% from a revenue perspective, especially in those locations where we do a part of the distribution also. We don't share exact numbers, but I think the great thing about healthcare is that it's an industry that really makes full utilization of the integrated network and the broad portfolio of UPS. So Dan even mentioned, in some cases, healthcare customers are using Ocean. Clearly, our Air Freight Forwarding and temperature control configuration and our express services all come together. So it is an industry where we can really stretch our wings and take advantage of the entire portfolio.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Certainly, it's our goal to optimize the value, create the premium services, either by speed or by My Choice and, at same time, for those lightweight, low-value products to keep prices down. Right now, B2B is -- or B2C is running about 40%. And clearly, given the holidays, it'll be significantly over 50%. But we hope that the core B2B economy also picks up and so the balance remains healthy, although we'll take whatever the market gives us and find a way to be profitable and generate good returns for it.
Daniel J. Brutto: Sure. I guess what I would say as far as the network cutbacks, certainly, we've done that. But I would also say that we've also added in aircraft. We just added our fifth gateway in China. It started the middle of September at Hangzhou, primarily for the high-tech sector. And that kind of coincides with what's going on in China, this whole go-west strategy. So you've got a lot of manufacturers now in China that are moving off the east coast to the west. Last year, we opened up another gateway in Chengdu, essentially for the high tech. So we're moving our equipment where the customers are, and certainly, it was good to see, finally, a small uptick in Asia this quarter.
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes, sure. I guess what's happening now primarily in the airfreight market out of Asia is there's overcapacity in the market. Whenever there's overcapacity, even though our kilos are up, certainly, the rates are down, and that's pretty much consistent across the whole forwarding industry. On a positive side though, we did see an uptick in HACTL and PACTL in the month of September. Year-to-date, they're still both down on the export side, HACTL being much more down than PACTL, which is the Hong Kong index versus the Shanghai index. So certainly, we're seeing that. Why the small package? Small package is up because of use of our network and, certainly, some product launches that came out of Asia, as well as some easier comps last year in the third quarter.
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes. I would say that Europe is a very competitive environment. We're slightly up, which is good, but just slightly above positive on the exports for Europe. And certainly, we've reported negative on the domestics, primarily negative on the domestic from the southern periphery countries that are going through austerity programs right now, that they're going through difficulties. So I would say the European market, we're very bullish on Europe, although it is a very competitive marketplace.
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes. I wouldn't say -- the answer to that, I've seen -- we've seen some nontraditional Ocean customers. And what I mean is some airfreight and some express taking, at least, a look at sending some of their lower-margin products via Ocean. And we've made it easy for those customers, certainly, with our broad portfolio and also with our preferred less-than-container-load Ocean product that lets the customer, either from the high tech or the medical field, at least test out Ocean in a way that is quick and certainly allows them to move along this product portfolio on an efficient manner, but nothing to a major extent yet in the marketplace.
Daniel J. Brutto: And we have now 5 million square feet of healthcare facilities around the world and 36 facilities. And just these last few months, we've opened 3 in Asia for around 400,000 square feet. So it's a growing part of our business.
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes, sure. I think what I could say is we both have -- they have a case team. We have a team that's working constructively. As Scott said, it's very complex. It's all the 27 member states of the EU that they're tasked with taking a hard look at, and it's just part of the process. The SO is part of the process. We'll go through that. We'll have our response back. But the good news is the team have -- the teams have open dialogue, and certainly, we're going to turn in the documents that is required by the Commission within the timeframe.
