D. Davis: Yes, great. The weight per shipment was a positive trend across most of the businesses. It was definitely notable in our International Express services as heavier goods moved. In the Domestic, it's a little bit of a mixed picture. We saw very notably in our Next Day Air Package segment as growth begin to kick in and also weights went up. The Ground business was up moderately but not materially, but clearly, the rising weights is a positive leading indicator and we were pleased to see that.
D. Davis: Tom, our practice for the last decade has been to try to hedge a year in advance, and we’ve stuck with that practice.
D. Davis: Ed, we did guide this year that we thought that the Air business would underperform the Ground business. Clearly, last year we had the benefit of the overlap with DHL's retreat from the domestic market. Our guidance is not assuming any dramatic economic uptick. That was one of the things we wanted to make clear. But we do think that we will see our volumes somewhere around GDP growth rates for the remainder of the year. We get a little bit of a tailwind, frankly, in Q3 with the way the calendar hits. Fourth of July last year added an operating day to us without much extra volume. So there's a little bit of a tailwind there. So we do see third quarter volumes improving over the second quarter, and then the fourth quarter will depend a lot, certainly, on how the holidays turn out. But all in all, we're pretty confident that our volumes should be growing at GDP rates.
D. Davis: No, so far, we've got pretty good success, we think that we are, as we said, our top priority for this year is stabilizing the pricing environment. So on the increment, there may be some accounts that plus or minus. But in general, we've been pleased with our ability to sustain rate increases without significant impact from our customers. So we do think the market will continue to grow gradually. We've been forecasting this being a gradual economic recovery, and I think, clearly, it's playing out that way. But we feel pretty good about our ability to sustain modest but substantial rate increases and at the same time, continue to grow with the economy.
D. Davis: I think we're just partway through this game. I think the inventory-to-sales ratio has gone up some but is still well below the prerecession levels. So I would think you’re going to still see more restocking. I think we saw not quite as much in the second quarter as we saw in the first. But I expect to see that in the second half of the year continue.
D. Davis: It's early to talk I think on peak season in the U.S. I think you started to see some talk on the ocean side in heavy freight. You start to see that pick up. I think it's pretty good confidence out there that certainly the technology companies have had a banner 12 months, and I don't see that letting up in the near term. So I think it feels pretty good if B2C stays strong. We saw more improvement in B2B over the last quarter or two. So despite Chairman Bernanke saying all the usual uncertainty out there, I think overall, our shippers are still pretty good.
D. Davis: Historically, the B2C, the direct-to-home has significantly outgrown the B2B. We've actually seen those two growth rates equalize more and more. This has been more of a B2B recovery. And that's evidence of what Scott talking about with industrial production and some of those things. So this is probably as close as the two have been in a number of years.
D. Davis: I think that’s about right. I think it’s been over the last probably 20 years it's been going about a percent a year. So I don't think it’s changed dramatically.
D. Davis: Bill, as I said, right now we’re actually seeing B2C and B2B growth fairly similarly, given the current economy. Europe would be a lower percentage. I don't have exact numbers, but it's certainly much lower. Our focus there has been more business-to-business, more focused on export, which tends to be more business-oriented. Although, clearly there's a lot of companies in Europe and a lot of global companies that are looking more and more B2C and that is a rapidly growing area.
D. Davis: Bill, thanks for that question. And I tried to be explicit on it in my prepared remarks. But right now, our intention is to get our S&P outlook improved. They had concerns, given last year's results, of our funds flow from operation to debt margin. They gave us a benchmark. We're very confident we will meet that the benchmark this year way ahead of schedule. And until that point, our strategy is to repurchase enough stock to avoid dilution through our stock compensation. After that, we will revisit that, and certainly we have a commitment to return capital to share owners. And of course given where taxes are may make a difference also.
D. Davis: Absolutely. Certainly our distribution policy has been strong. We’ve distributed most of our earnings the last several years. We’ll watch very closely what happens in Congress through the end of 2010 and figure out what happens on tax policy. And that certainly could impact the dividends versus share repurchase.
D. Davis: I actually think that Europe has been somewhat of a pleasant surprise based on all the media highlighted this year in sort of the [ph] sovereign debt crisis. In fact, I just came back from a conference with about 100 CEOs and we talked about Europe. And all of us are guarded about Europe just because all the unknown, but I think all of us are seeing pretty good business in Europe. In reality, I think the outlook for the Euro zone GDP has probably dropped from like a 1.5% growth rate to a 1% growth rate through all of this hoopla on the sovereign debt issue. So I don't think it's changed that dramatically, and certainly our business has been very strong. We talked about the digit growth in our European export products and you saw the growth in European domestic products. So it actually feels pretty good over there. We're going to be watchful and see what happens, but right now it feels pretty good in Europe.
D. Davis: Yes, there’s a little bit of that going on right now. I think right now, there is somewhat of an ocean squeeze. Containers are hard to get. And that, combined with the fact that there were a number of shippers last year that really got stretched late into the holiday season, that's why there was such an explosion in the forwarding activities. So we are seeing, I think, shippers plan ahead a little more, perhaps plan to use a little more air, clearly. The Air Forwarding and our Air Express businesses are growing very rapidly. So in general, my guess is there will be a little heavier concentration of air this year for the holidays.
D. Davis: And clearly [ph] we talked earlier about inventory-to-sales ratios, and frankly, they were pretty low going into the recession. They’re a lot lower now than they were when we went into the recession. So I think that will drive some of the trade-up.
D. Davis: I think the feeling is there’s pretty good consensus that this will be a business-led recovery. I think that a pleasant surprise was probably in the first quarter on retail sales and the strength of the consumer. And in fact, the consumer’s probably doing a little better than any of us thought a year ago at this time. But I think this is a business-led recovery. And you'll see industrial production continue to grow faster than GDP overall, and that’s driven up through the manufacturing side.
D. Davis: No, Art. I think the market has been very rational. I think internationally, we've seen stable pricing. I think all players had some challenges and they've been very rational. Domestically, the market is sluggish, I guess. The demand is not robust, but the pricing is rational. Clearly, the Post Office is wrestling with its financial issues. On the service side, FedEx has been expanding their global network. They're making a big deal of the 777 as its game-changer. I mean, that makes great press, but frankly, we're very comfortable with our 747-400 assets. So we can pretty much to go toe-to-toe. The 747 costs 40% to 50% less than a 777 from a capital perspective. And frankly, anything less than 4,500 miles, it has a substantial payload advantage and it pretty much matches the 777 for, say, Asia to Europe. But it's good. I mean, we want to compete on service and speed and quality. And so that's what makes the market a healthy one. So we see competition continuing normally. We're continuing to reinvest with technology, capacity and merging all of our capabilities. And that's one of the big stories where I think we’re really succeeding these days. It’s all about the pieces of the UPS puzzle coming together. So all in all, we think the competitive environment is very positive. All providers are competing like crazy, but also being rational. And we don't expect robust economic recovery, and that's what we try to make clear, both in our prepared comments and our press release. But we think even in this modest environment, we can prosper and continue to raise profits substantially.
D. Davis: Clearly, the environment stabilizing is a great help. I think we did numerous initiatives and we talked about us being able to keep the majority of those cost savings. We meant it, and I think you're seeing it. So we've been very pleased with the direct productivity with the network changes. Having the highly automated hub with tremendous capacity and Worldport continues to allow us to take aircraft out of the sky and replace smaller aircraft with larger aircraft. So we're seeing the network economies there. I talked a little bit about our assets around the globe. The 747-400 is a very capital-efficient asset that meets customer needs. I think one of the areas where we've not seen the operating leverage as much is in the wage arena. Clearly, with us continuing to improve productivity, we've not had a need to add many employees. So we’ve still not yet seen the latent benefits of the labor contract, whereas we began to grow and add employees. We will see lower average wage rates ripple through the network. So that's something we're looking forward to hopefully as the U.S. recovery becomes more robust. That should give us another leg in this operating leverage.
D. Davis: I think there’s very little likelihood of S&P downgrading us given the incredible momentum we've got. But we did basically tell them our intentions; to get those financial ratios robust. We think, given the expectation of our current momentum being far beyond even where we thought we were at the beginning of the year, that there's a good possibility that we will talk with them and have a little better view. So we're not totally beholding to them, but we also don't like the negative outlook. We don't think it's appropriate and we intended to demonstrate the financial capacity before we got more aggressive. But we committed five years ago to a policy of returning basically 100% of net income to shareowners, either in the form of share repurchase or dividends. I think Scott and I remain committed to that program. We do think that the stock is a bargain right now and hopefully we these results, we’ll get that one little minor cloud cleared up and then we'll find what the best way to redistribute to shareowners is.
D. Davis: It’s very important, I think. We talked earlier about the need in the U.S. to get small business people to export. And I think the ability to help get out and train some of them on the ease of exporting. And we’ve identified 7,000 or 8,000 customers right now that export to just one country, and we're going to try to get them to go to at least two countries, and we think that's very possible. So I think it's very important for the country to get employment going again and to get small business exporting. We talked about 96% of the consumers outside the U.S. They need to understand that.
D. Davis: Yes, I think that it will all go hand-in-hand. I guess it's stretched gold, but I think that we are going to have to get more accommodative trade policies. It starts with free trade agreements with Korea, Colombia and Panama, and that's certainly part of what we're trying to work on on the Council.
D. Davis: I think part of the restructuring was all about going to the customer and getting local control over operations and our marketing. And I think that we're just getting to the beginning of that process. We’re taking marketing to all the districts right now. It used to be done out of Corporate. Every one of our markets are somewhat different. And I think the fact that we have this expertise now, looking for different segments, looking at micro marketing, is going to help our business. And it’s not going to do it overnight. We're going to see more benefit in the second half of the year than we saw in the first half of the year. We'll see more benefit in 2011 than we saw in 2010. So I think it’s a combination. Sure, we’re going to save some costs, but I think the fact that we're giving more autonomy to our local operations, more decision-making to our local operations, will help us run a better business.
D. Davis: Clearly, John, we're going to be looking at opportunities [indiscernible] business. And I said many times before, our focal points are really going to be on the International Package business, starting with Asia and then probably Central and Eastern Europe. Clearly there are opportunities out there that fit our needs, that add to our strengths as far as capabilities or lanes that we need to strengthen. We’ll take advantage of that. So that never is far from our couriers just using cash [ph]. We're always looking at the right acquisitions. In the Freight Forwarding/Logistics world, again, if we find areas that will fortify trade lanes or add capabilities and logistics, we'll take a look at those also. So it’s a combination certainly of acquisitions, investing into the business and distributing cash to shareowners.
D. Davis: Yes, Chris, I do think that there may be some of that. And that was part of my intention in my comments talking about the ocean squeeze and some of that. I think a number of our customers, and this is direct from our sales customers, did feel exposed last peak season and got in a jam. That’s why there was such chaos trying to get goods out of Asia in late November and December. And so there's a little bit of that “not this time” mentality. So we do think that people are pushing stuff through a little earlier. And as they see the constraints on the ocean side, then it may make for an earlier air peak season also.
D. Davis: xxx Thanks, Andy. By any measure, UPS produced a great quarter. While we've made good progress across all the business units, we still have a lot more to accomplish. The UPSs around the world will continue to work extremely hard to help our customers compete in the growing global marketplace. And as a result, we’re very excited about the outlook for UPS' future. Thanks so much for joining us today, and we'll see you next quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: John, I think that we're still pretty optimistic on industrial production continuing to grow. It clearly outpaced GDP this year. That's just the best barometer for us. If manufacturing kicks in, we should see heavier products both in the Ground and Air.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Gary, the catalyst for this was the downturn we had as the economy to began to hit the skids. And we did shift gears pretty dramatically from what had been a decade of unimpeded growth to tightening up and just our challenging our network. So the recession was a challenge in our International business, but it also gave us an opportunity, really, to go in and streamline and make more efficient some of our processes. So what you're seeing now is a more highly tuned network, with volume back up dramatically. So we’re getting economies of scale, and we’ve got the core efficiencies that we can hang on to.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, that's certainly net of hedges. We use a collar strategy where we protect most of the downside and give up in some cases some of the upside. So certainly the euro has been very volatile; that is by far our largest exposure. And the $25 million estimate basically assumes the euro stays in the upper 120s where it is today. We do have protection if it gets much worse, so we don't think the currency could get much worse than that. But certainly, that is something that we’re very active with and we constantly hedge to reduce some of the volatility. And it did that for the second quarter; third and fourth we’ll see some headwinds, but still much less volatile than it would be otherwise.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it’s a little different story for each of the products. In the Ground, certainly, the majority of the yield increase is base pricing as we've not seen much of a tailwind from weight. So that's probably the best indication as far as the status. There is some tailwind. On the Air side, somewhere around half would be fuel, and there is a little bit of a mix benefit. We’ve talked about that Package is growing substantially, more than Letters, which are declining. Clearly, with the very low numbers of new home sales and year-over-year negatives on refinancing, the Letter business is being challenged. But the weight did help on the Air also. But now, we feel very good about our yield management campaign, Tom. As we've said, we've made that a priority. And so it's a gradual process, but we're pleased to see the benefits of that.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we are pretty well-hedged for next year, although clearly over multiple years we can’t be indifferent to it. So there is some risk to that. We're not ready yet to give any specific numbers, Tom, but the goal that we have is to not been indifferent to it. We think it’s too expensive to try to hedge away all volatility, but also to make sure that it never becomes the primary story.
Kurt Kuehn: And on the other side, Ed, I think the numbers are little misleading because frankly, our Next Day Package business was pretty good in the quarter, where our Next Day Letters were down fairly significantly so that the Package business on the Air side was better than the overall results showed.
Kurt Kuehn: I think generally the small package market didn't drop as much as the overall economy did during the recession. Into the recovery, I think you'll start seeing the small package market catch up to GDP and IT levels as we move through this recovery. So you'll see it get better.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Robin. We’ve got one big event in there that makes it a little hard to really peel back what’s going on in that, and that was our acquisition in Turkey that has dramatically increased our growth rates. The average yield in that country is far below the more developed markets of Europe and Canada. If you took out Turkey, we would actually show a slight positive for yield on our domestics. So we're very comfortable with the pricing in our domestics. We've actually been thrilled to see the substantial demand, even with Europe being the lion’s share of that, for our services. So that will wrap around next quarter. Third quarter, you will have half of Turkey comp in there and the other half. And then I think once we get past that, you'll see a more stable, maybe slightly increasing yield in our domestics. So it’s certainly not through price that we've been gaining this outside share.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we did execute the lion's share of the restructuring and we did see a significant amount of expenses in the second quarter; things like relocations of training. Although, we also were able to get some of the labor savings a little quicker than our plan. So the net impact for Q2 was about a $0.02 headwind overall of cost. That will improve in the third quarter, where the amount of reloads [ph] begin to taper down. So it will be a very modest positive in the third quarter, and then in the fourth quarter, we’ll see more of the benefit. But we do continue to estimate about a $0.10 a share benefit from the Domestic restructuring. That will be manifest for 2011. Clearly, it's one of the things we have going into next year that will be a positive. So the overall restructuring was the net positive $0.02 a share; a little better than, frankly, we’d thought. But on top of that is just the ongoing benefit from the wide array of cost initiatives and network enhancements we’ve made. And that's why we're seeing three quarters in a row now where an aggregate, our comp in benefits, are increasing at a slower rate than our package volume.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think we're getting back more to a normal environment. It's great to run very tight. It's great to use slower and lower cost modes, and during the midst of this recession, that was the priority. Customers had to reduce their balance sheet. They had to reduce their cost. Now that things are a little more stable, shippers are looking back at, “How do I optimize? How do I make sure I’ve got availability for goods without over-investing in inventory?” And so that's where the more rapid services come in. So we're pleased to see that.
Kurt Kuehn: Probably the one area in the world that we're still paying attention to is China. And there's a lot of things going on in China. For example, the Chinese government is talking about consolidating the three airlines' cargo operations over there. And while that wouldn’t have much impact on the Small Package side of things, it could impact our Freight Forwarding business where we use those airlines. So those are things that are kind of in the process of change, so we'll pay attention to.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, that line has a lot of moving parts now, especially as we’ve become a larger and larger forwarder. So the single biggest impact is the substantial growth we had in our Forwarding unit. Tonnage was up about 30% in the quarter. And on top of that, rates are dramatically higher than they were last year. So the lion's share of that increase would be directly related to the Forwarding and the increased rates. Following that, certainly within our International business, we have a substantial amount of purchase transportation, either for agents or transportation. So with the dramatic 20% unit growth in International, that's also up. And then the smaller part domestically would be fuel and there’s also [indiscernible] in there. So it’s really a relation of the Forwarding and International growth, both of which were in excess of 20%.
Kurt Kuehn: And I think a little closer to home, UPS is working like crazy to lowering the barriers to doing trade globally. That's why things like our paperless invoice, import control, all of that stuff, just trying to automate things that used to be very confusing for small and midsize customers. So that's why we're so obsessed with technology and the ease of use. If we make it easy and the government facilitates it, then we think there's a lot of latent capabilities in U.S. small business to grow.
Kurt Kuehn: I think, John, it's our intention to increase margins. So no, absolutely. We've aligned ourselves in a number of ways to be able to continue to get margins growing and back, hopefully over time, to where they were in our peaks. So from a peer cost perspective, absolutely. And I think there's also strategic positioning in our restructuring, maybe that Scott can talk about a bit.
Kurt Kuehn: John, our outlook though for cash flow is very positive for the next couple of years, with the completion of our Worldport air hub with the, really, replenishment and replacement of all the older aircraft in our fleet. Our capital needs for the next few years are going to be significantly below the trend, even with strong growth. So we are just in a good position of having a lot of choices right now with what we do with discretionary cash. And certainly, growth would be the top priority.
Kurt Kuehn: I don't know. I think right now, it’s way too early to afford to be impacting air freight, but air freight continues to be strong. So it will be an interesting year, I think, as we come back. Assuming the economy stays reasonably strong, then it could be a fairly interesting time as there is some backlog, I think, on the ocean side already. The slow steaming, in effect, takes substantial capacity out. So a lot of companies that wouldn't normally think about using air freight earlier in the holiday season have been talking about that.
Kurt Kuehn: I think, clearly, policy uncertainty is one of the worst things for a recovery. And I think that the sooner we get some of these issues resolved, whether it be energy, we’ve got healthcare I guess somewhat resolved at this point in time, the sooner small businesses will get to spend their money again and bring in hired employees. So there's no doubt that policy uncertainty is an issue out there. We need to resolve that to get this recovery going full-steam.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. Actually, due to the impact of our hedging, the currency was actually not a huge impact. But we do show currency-adjusted yields. Export yields do show increases. Without currency, it would be just a little bit lower. So no, we're seeing very good strength on our export side, good pricing power, and also the increased weight. The other big thing that's happened, and we saw a little bit of a shift, the Transcontinental, the Europe-Asia to U.S., really was stronger than the intraregional shipments. And typically, the yields on those long-distance flights are much higher. So all in all, very strong pricing and we're very comfortable that those trends will continue.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we are actually. In Europe, we offer this very integrated range of services from standard to express with no time commitment or afternoon commitments and early morning. And we are seeing a little bit of a shift across all of those up, just as the economy heats up. And frankly, as we work with customers in Europe to help them re-align their supply chains, you reduce your warehouses and you use a little more speed in your transportation network. So that trend has also helped the yield.
