Carol Tomé: Well, Amit, thank you very much for your question and let's just unpack the performance on the expense line a little bit more than Brian did. Brian called out three drivers of deleverage in the U.S. business in the third quarter the first of which was our decision to speed up our fastest ground ever initiative. That decision cost us $179 million in the quarter. It was the right thing to do because you saw the market share gains that we enjoyed with our SMB business. So, it was the right thing to do but it certainly puts some pressure on the expense line. If you back that out our expenses -- our operating profit would have grown year-on-year. The other line item that was a deleverage in the quarter was productivity below our expectations. And here we have a real opportunity as we turn that around looking past the fourth quarter of this year and into 2021 and 2022. One reason for the decline in productivity is the fact that we had 40,000 new UPSers and higher turnover this year than we did last year. Turnover is a function of many things including COVID candidly. But when you have a lot of new people in your operations, sadly we just weren't as productive as we should have been. We have a new leader over our U.S. Domestic small package business. Nando is all over this and productivity is going to be a laser focus of Transformation 3.0. And it's not just about putting more packages through our facilities on a per hour basis. It's about how we get better at running the business better at keeping our people, so we lower our cost of turnover; better at keeping our people safe, so we lower our casualty reserves. There's a real opportunity here to just get better in running the business without a lot of investment actually. So, we are building our 2021 financial plan as we speak. We're road mapping three years and once that plan is finalized, we will share with you our actions that we are taking to grow the operating margin in the U.S. small package business. 
Carol Tomé: That is not what I'm saying. The turn won't happen until 2021 because of expense pressures that Brian carefully called out in the fourth quarter. And Brian you might just want to remind Amit what those expense pressures are in the fourth quarter.
Carol Tomé: Now, at the end of the second quarter, we said that we thought that the operating margin for the back half of the year could be 100 basis points lower than the operating margin in the first half of the year. Because of our outperformance in the third quarter and because of the revenue quality that we are enjoying in the U.S. business, we now think the operating margin in the back half of the year will be higher than the first half of the year. So hopefully, that's helpful to you as you build your models.
Carol Tomé: Yeah, happy to give you some color on the SMB volume. We were so pleased to see 18.7% growth, the highest in 16 years. If I think about SMB, as a percentage of our total business in the United States, it's grown from 23% last year to now 24% this year. So we're shifting the penetration, which is really about how we want to drive revenue quality in our business. If you unpeel the layer of the onions for our SMB business in the quarter, we see that they're figuring it out. The commercial side of SMB was down, call it, 7% in the quarter, but the residential piece of SMB was up 62%. So they're figuring out how to go to market and they're using our end-to-end network to drive that. So if you then say, Okay. Carol is that flowing down to the bottom line? Well, we were very pleased with what we saw in that regard too. So, we will continue to invest in this customer segment. You've heard us talk about fastest ground ever. It doesn't just stop with that. I think last time, I talked about how we break apart our customer segments within SMB, and I told you it was D1 through D4, and I didn't really know what that meant. Well, the team has done a really great job of defining what it means. So now when you think about our SMB customers think of them as medium, small, micro and platform. And when you think of those customers, think of it like a pyramid. So, at the top of the pyramid are our medium-sized customers and those are several thousands of accounts. And as you go down the pyramid, the customer base will expand dramatically. From a revenue perspective, flip the pyramid upside down. So the bulk of the revenue is at the top and the smallest piece of the business is at the bottom. But interestingly, when we looked at the performance of SMBs across all four of those segments, we saw each of them grow. And the growth came from our medium-sized businesses as well as our platform businesses. And within platform or the platform segment that's where GAAP falls. And yes, GAAP is small, but it's growing. In fact, we expect our revenue on our GAAP accounts to grow 400% this year, and that is a very profitable segment for us.
Carol Tomé: Yeah. So – well, thanks for the question. It was such an interesting exercise because when we started it all the green dots went up, but it was really hard to put red dots up, because initiatives you love them, you fall in love with them you find themselves they sound like they're really value creating but the truth is not so much. So I can give you an example of one. We have this initiative called UPS Next and UPS Next was all about driving innovation in the company. Well, when we looked at what the UPS Next team was working on, they were working on exactly the same projects as other groups within the company, so we put the red dot on UPS Next. And all those people who were working on that project, well, they are either gone or they'd be reassigned to additional work. So that gives you a sense of what we mean by stopping work. We are so opportunity rich. Let me give you another example. We haven't stopped this yet but we're going to. So I asked Nando. I said, Nando how many reports do we ask our operators to work every week? Because I had familiarity with this in my previous line where we tend to put too much work on our operators and they couldn't focus on things like productivity. So Nando came back and said, Carol we send 462 reports to our operators every week to work. So you can appreciate what that means. It means none of that is being worked. That's work that's going to stop. And think about the overhead here at the UPS headquarter that's producing those reports. So that's all being streamlined to those widely important metrics that matter for the customer experience for productivity and the rest is just going to get stopped.
Carol Tomé: We're over $1 billion in casualty reserves. You get a 10% reduction in that because you have a safer operation that's $100 million. $100 million can move that U.S. operating margin in a meaningful way. If I talk to you about the cost of turnover, which I'm not going to do but the cost of turnover is high for our company. We've got 20% of that. It's another meaningful way to move the operating margin. If we improve delivery density, which we must do we have had ideas on the shelf to do that. We just haven't operationalized though. That's a meaningful way to improve the operating margin. So this is a big company. You just can't pull the band-aid off because you could hurt the customer experience and we don't want to do that. But as we start to pivot into this through the fourth quarter into 2021, we're going to be laying out tangible action plans that will show improvement in the operating margin. And then as we optimize our capital spending this will all translate into higher return on invested capital. 
Carol Tomé: Yes. So as you know, there is a capacity constraint in the industry. It doesn't matter what supply chain you are there's a capacity constraint in the industry. And if we took all the volume that was available to us we would end up with a customer experience that wouldn't be good for us or our customers and we would end up with what we call chaos costs. So we've actually been controlling the volume since July and we're doing that in a number of different ways. We work with our customers to help them rethink their operations via buy online pick-up in store different timing for their promotions a different availability of their packages so a number of alternatives and options that we've been working through a solution-based approach with our customers. When you have tight capacity, it also means that prices tighten. And as prices tighten there is a shift in certain customers who are more price-sensitive than others. We're okay with that if we're losing non-nutritive sales. We're okay with that. It's not about volume share growth. It's about value share growth. So that's how we'd like you to think about us at least in the short-term value share growth. Now clearly the U.S. small package business is going to grow. It's estimated, I think the volume ADV was something like $58 million in 2019. It should double by 2025. Of course, we're going to be growing to service that growth. But right now it's all about value share. 
Carol Tomé: Well, the one comment I would make on the margin which was outstanding and the profit growth in the third quarter we did have surcharge in the third quarter because the capacity is just so tight. So we've had about $120 million of surcharges in our international business in the third quarter. Whether or not that sustains is really a subject of market demand. Hopefully that's helpful to you. 
Carol Tomé: So this is all about our better, but not bigger framework, which is a start of pivoting the business to position us for success in the future. Sweating the existing investments that we've made is a really good thing next year. Then we'll look at where we want to grow and how we want to grow. But for next year we're going to sweat the investments that we've made. Brian you might want to talk about that.
Carol Tomé: And I would comment just on the technology front because that's such an important area of investment for us well for everybody actually. The customer wants a digital experience and so we can't move off of that digital experience. In fact, we need to lean into that. But that isn't necessarily a capital expenditure because software as a service as you know is paid through a license fee. So we're moving away from an internally developed IT solutions to software as a service. So you'll see line items differences happening. The other thing I would ask you to remember is as we grow outside of the United States, our International business tends to have an asset-light profile in most areas of the rest of the world and that asset-light profile will certainly help spur growth and generate higher returns.
Carol Tomé: So our business trends continued to be very strong coming out of our International business. There's a big watch out there because of COVID. We see cases spiking. It's concerning right because if we were to have disruption let's say in our pilots that would be a real problem. And we haven't seen that but we're just watching this very, very closely.
Carol Tomé: Early June, okay. So, hopefully COVID settled down. We can do a good conference in June of 2021 and then we'll lay this all out for you. I just don't want to get ahead of my skis. It was a downhill race for a long, long time, and if you get ahead of our skis you tumble down the mountain. I just don't want to do that. So we're just going to be very, very thoughtful very planful about this. And then we'll lay that out for you, so that you can hold us accountable to what we said we're going to do.
Carol Tomé: One of the widely important initiatives is people. And as we look at the people opportunities incentive compensation is certainly one of those opportunities. The design of our incentive compensation doesn't necessarily tie to the results that we want to achieve. So we're going to be resetting the goals to make that happen, to make them much more return focused. They were two line item focus if that makes any sense. So you get bonus off of revenue per piece. That's an incomplete look at the business, isn't it? Because it doesn't have the cost and it doesn't have the capital. So we'll be re-looking at the elements of both our short-term, which is our annual bonus as well as our long-term. Our long-term incentives do have a return characteristic to them, so that's good. But I really want to work on the short-term incentives. Also, we're going to redo our sales incentives for our sales team. They're so complicated. I tend to think I can understand math. I had a hard time figuring this out. So we're going to simplify this, so it's really easy for people to understand how they get paid and actually tie the incentives to better not bigger.
Carol Tomé: Right. So to your point, it's a balance and we're well aware of the changing competitive environment and the changing customer environment and are thinking through how to best attack those opportunities in ways that are different than what we've done in the past. And that's just a hint of what's to come, but we'll be talking more about that next year.
Brian Newman: Yes. As we look forward to the fourth quarter Amit, we do have the underlying benefits as Carol said of optimizing volume and improving pricing. But there are three in particular, that Q4 headwinds. We've got the seasonality, which you know, year-over-year we normally go about down 200 basis points on a sequential Q3 to Q4 standpoint because of peak, so there's that natural seasonality impact. We've got benefits, ranging in $150 million to $200 million that will be impacting Q4. And then, we're lapping last year, we had some legislation around alternative fuel tax as well as a low management incentive number last year. Together, those are about $150 million lap. So those combined with the fastest ground ever that we'll finish off in Q4 investments that's going to put pressure on the fourth quarter as we look forward.
Brian Newman: Yeah, just a little bit. Chris, as you shape next year and we think about pulling the buildings, buildings represent about 50% of our CapEx we spend. We've made those investments in capacity, so you'd expect to see that come down, the airline to likely come down. And it's this pivot to international healthcare digital that's where, we're pivoting the capital spend.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Scott for the question. So from an international perspective very happy with the Q3 performance. They continue to post double-digit top-line and profit growth and the real strength is coming out of Asia and Europe in particular. I was referencing operating profit growth in the high-teens Scott was what I had commented on. And the operating margin has come in about 23% for the last two quarters. A lot in the international side depends on the international backdrop. So obviously, we're watching that very closely. But the overall business is sound. Carol, I don't know if you have anything to add. 
Brian Newman: Yes. Ravi, it's a good question. If we look backwards first we put over $15 billion in the capacity in the U.S. over the last several years and that was needed. But now 85% or so of our ground volume is going through some sort of automated capacity and hub. So as we're looking at that, those investments I've watched the ROIC actually trend down. A real focus going forward is going to say "How do we lower CapEx, ensure it's driving shorter-term paybacks to get better benefit" and I talked about where we're going to shift to in terms of healthcare some specific to international markets thinking about digital. So it's a different type of spend going forward but I don't want to front-run the investor conference next year. We'll unpack that in more detail.
Brian Newman: Hey, Jordan, it's Brian. Thanks for the question. That's a fair baseline. We had some pressures in the third quarter which we discussed. But as you go forward, thinking about the $8.6 million that we posted in the third quarter, the first half of the year was 6.6%. So as you look to the back half of the year assuming a baseline of 6.6% is a fair assumption. And we're going to do everything we can to beat that. We're seeing improvement on the pricing and the revenue quality side. The challenge are the headwinds I outlined for the fourth quarter. So balancing those two is going to dictate where we land.
Brian Newman: On the fuel side, Jairam, we saw about $60 million in benefit in the quarter, $30 million of that coming -- roughly half of it coming in domestic and half international. We'd expect that to moderate in the fourth quarter. So, it stepped down from Q2 to Q3 by about 50%. We'd expect that to continue to step down in the fourth quarter. Carol, do you want to…
