Brian Newman: Sure, happy to, Chris. Good morning. So, if you look at the bridge, I'll take the low end from -- so Q3, we put -- posted $665 million in operating profit. To get to the low end of the guide, it would require about $800 million in profit. The two biggest drivers of that are volume and revenue quality. The productivity that the teams are generating, Nando in the US, is offsetting the labor contract step-up because you realize we have three months in the third and fourth quarter, and we had two months of the new labor contract in the second. Your question on volume, as we think about volume and revenue quality, those two alone provide a majority of the 800 step up, but if you think about where we were in August, and where we are in October, the momentum is increasing. We had a low watermark as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, down 15% in terms of ADV volume in August. That translates to around 16 million pieces from an ADV perspective. That's actually, in October, we're seeing 19 million pieces, so we've seen that step-up. I went back, Chris, and looked at last year, and the August to October step-up, was 1.5 million pieces. This year, the August to October step-up is 2.7 million pieces, so from a glide path and a trajectory, we're seeing momentum, the absolute levels are coming up, and that's what led to the guide.
Brian Newman: So two big pieces of sort of forward momentum, Dave. One is the exit rate on volume. Carol just talked about the win-back, and also the pipeline of new business. So going into next year, getting back on level footing with a system that has higher ADV will help us certainly from a cost and margin perspective, the revenue per piece we announced a 5.9% GRI, so that will be coming in. We talked to you recently about the cost overhang of the contract, that goes from August-to-August, so I would tell you from a shape, certainly the first half of the year will be more challenged than the back half of the year. Back half of the year, we get into two to three-year glide path with lower inflation per year, and then, so pricing and productivity can help expand the margins. But those are the pluses and minuses as we look into '24. Obviously, we'll go into a lot more detail March '26 when we get together with you all for our next Investor Day.
Brian Newman: So thanks, Jordan, for the question. Look, we feel good about the revenue range. We've narrowed it to $1 billion, and I think the thing that's going to drive the upper end versus the lower end, really has to do with the retail backdrop. I mentioned in my script, there's sort of the broad range of the online retail sales for the holiday period. To the extent it's in the higher end of that, we'll have more volume, and more revenue, to the extent it comes in with some of the risks we're seeing is towards the lower end.
Brian Newman: Yeah, Tom. So, to frame it up for you, we were trying to get December back to flat versus prior year. I think the guide now implies from a low-single-digit to a mid-single-digit in the month of December, and that's pending some of the backdrop I just talked about in terms of the retail outlook. So, from a momentum perspective, I gave in August to an October number, but as Carol mentioned, we lost 1.5 million or we had diverted 1.5 million pieces. We've seen 40% of that, roughly 600,000 pieces already come back to the system. We're also pushing forward with new business that Carol referenced as well.
Brian Newman: Yeah. On the first question, Ken, obviously, you've got volume and pricing. I was talking to with Allison about the volume component. We have announced a 6% to 7% peak season surcharge. So that's, obviously, flowing through from a revenue standpoint in the fourth quarter as well.
Brian Newman: I have a walk in front of me for the high end and the low end, so I can give it to either range, and I think it's retail backdrop uncertainty that drives the delta in volume, which drives the delta in profit. So, it's the same levers. It's the volume and the revenue quality, really driving the majority at a higher component, at the high end versus the $800 million I referenced at the lower end. So net-net, I think from a margin shape standpoint, we finished Q3 mid-single-digit in the US. Obviously, that's a very low watermark, driven by the volumes we saw in the quarter. We're looking in the fourth quarter to step back up into that high-single-digit, low-double-digit range. And so, getting back to the trajectory, and then from an international perspective, we were at 15.8% in the third quarter. I think Kate and the team have planned largely through controlling what we can control, whether it's block hours, whether it's headcount. Taking that and they've done a good job of demonstrating that Q1 was 18% margin International, Q2 was a 20%, so we're probably in the middle of that range for the fourth quarter. Hopefully that helps.
Brian Newman: Yeah, SMBs, Brandon, are very attractive part of the business and we've continued to penetrate that market. So that's been favorable from a mix perspective. We are seeing customers trade-down though from air product to ground. And so we've seen that in the numbers. Air was down more than ground volume. So there's a bit of a headwind there from a customer mix perspective. So overall, we have a customer mix impact as well that's going on, we're gliding down with our largest customer. So there is a shift there. That tends to help from an RPP perspective.
Brian Newman: Steven, we have time for one more question. Okay, with no further questions. Thank you for your time and have a good day.
Carol Tome: So we're really pleased with how we're recapturing volume back in our business. We have recaptured over 600,000 pieces per day of the volume that was lost and I will say, 50% of that recapture is coming from our largest competitor. The recapture continues day by day, but it's not just about recapturing what we lost, it's about growing new business. You may recall, Allison, at the end of the second quarter, we said we had about a $7 billion pipeline of new business. Today, we've won about 25% of that pipeline. Now, that $7 billion is an annualized number. So, all those packages and volume haven't come into the network yet, it will come in over the next year. So, I couldn't be more pleased with how our sales team is performing, and winning new accounts, and winning back volume that deferred.
Carol Tome: There's no material costs associated with the recapture. Customers are coming back because of our superior service.
Carol Tome: Maybe one other comment, if I could, Brian, on the volume range. We know which of our customers peak during peak. There are about a 117 customers in the US that make up about 86% of our peak volume. We're sitting down with each of those customers, understanding what their plans are, as we work on our operating plans to make sure we deliver superior service, having that insight, if you will, gives us a lot of confidence in the US volume numbers that Brian shared with you.
Carol Tome: Actually, it's accelerating. Customers want to come back into our network before peak because of our superior service that we've exhibited over the past five years.
Carol Tome: I think Allison's question was, are there costs associated with winning back volume. And as I responded, not meaningful. Ken, from time to time, we have found customers who diverted, and they entered into longer-term contracts, and we might help them to exit those longer-term contracts, but it's not a meaningful discount. It's just we might help them. It's nothing measurable.
Carol Tome: Well, maybe just an observation on the US margin in the third quarter. Recall that we had $500 million of expense related to our Teamster contract in the third quarter. If we back that out, the US margin would have been 8.5%. 8.5% on volume down a 11% is not a bad margin. So, we've got a bit of pressure on the margin that we shared with you because of our new contract. The contract is front-end loaded. We're bearing the pain of that front-end load. For a five-year contract that's very attractive. The compounded annual growth rate on the five years is 3.3%. So once we get through this first front-end load with 46% of the cost in the first year, once we get through that, the margin is going to grow. It's going to grow in a big way. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Carol Tome: No again -- absolutely fair question, Amit. Let us finish this year. Then, we will give you guidance for 2024, and we can break it down by quarter, if that's going to be helpful.
Carol Tome: So, as we look at the small package volume in the United States, what we're seeing is basically a reversion to mean. So, we're at pre-pandemic levels. And I think our learning -- all of our learnings is that, if the pipeline spikes because of an event, things are going to revert back to the main. If you look at the growth rates projected for the small package market in the United States, it's low single-digits for the next couple of years. So we plan to grow not just at the market, but ahead of the market because of the investments that we're making with new products, new capabilities and actually new acquisitions, which we're very excited about. And maybe I'll just take a minute to talk about Happy Returns, which we just announced last night. Our returns business has been pretty growthy because of the explosion of e-commerce. It's grown 25% since 2020. And we like this business a lot. But we know we can offer a better experience for our retailers because it's expensive. Retailers estimate that between 20% and 30% of all online orders are returned, and it cost them on average, about $33 to process that return. So it's Happy Returns. We're going to offer consolidated returns for our customers, which will reduce their handling costs. Actually improve our delivery density. So it's a win-win-win. And so we're going to put the pedal to the metal in terms of growing the returns business because it's a very good business for us and one that our customers need a sale force. So I'm excited about that. The other acquisition that I'm excited about is in health care. Our health care business will be $10 billion this year against an addressable market that's over $100 billion. We're going to grow that market. It's got double-digit margins. We're going to grow it because we need to grow it. It's important for the world. It's important for humanity. And we are the best in the world access. So that doesn't require any consumer spending. That's just leading into a market share capture with the capabilities that we are investing in, be it cold chain capabilities and more.
Carol Tome: Well we've seen clearly a shift from goods to services and people through the pandemic started going back to work, taking vacations, eating out at restaurants, going to amusement park. They're spending their dollars differently. It's like source. It's not that the consumer is not healthy, they're spending their dollars different way. And what we're seeing with many of our retail customers. It's a real desire to bring people back into the stores and they should bring people back into the stores, because it's their largest investment. So you see retailers offering buy online pickup in-store, where they hadn't offered that before. So I can give you example after example of customers, not by name, obviously, but customers that are in our top 20 where they're seeing their same-store sales down year-on year, because their anniversary in that COVID peak, if you will, and they're seeing their online sales down even more. And part of that is because people are going back into stores -- part of that and shifting. So that's that comment that Brian made in his remarks about just some demand softening Is that, we do see that with some of our larger customers who didn't divert but their overall business and you can look at their guy, so I'm not talking about anything that's not public. You can look at our guidance, were they not only have reported declining sales, but they are guiding softer.
Carol Tome: No, it's interesting if you go back to 2019, our volumes by the same as in the third quarter as it was back in 2019. But our SMB mix has moved from 23% to 29%. And our net revenue per piece has moved from $9.99 to $12.54. So we've been laser-focused on improving the revenue quality in our business and we will continue to do that. Value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for and we are improving our experience every day. A good example of that is delivery photo. We're now 92% of all of our residential drops are photographed which is creating a better experience for our recipients for our customers and for us candidly. We're leaning into simplifying the experience of how does that work with us and we'll talk to you about the widgets that we have with DAP or improvements that we've made in our claim process. You see our net promoter score now in the high 40s, so we believe that experience because it helps grow the revenue quality and we're going to continue to do that.
Carol Tome: We have nothing else planned, Brian, today. So we'll be buying MNX and Happy Returns this quarter, and it's about $1.3 billion in total that we'll be spending on those two companies. In terms of the pace of getting share. As I mentioned earlier is accelerating because of the fact that the peak is nearly on us. So people want to come into the network. Here's the truth though. It does take time to come back in. I get weekly updates Fernando and the team, from Kate and the team about how is the volume coming back in. And I see that, oh, we've gotten a handshake. We've got an agreement from a customer that's coming back in. And then I see it takes 30 days to get it back into on-car. And so now I'm like I want photos when it's on car because I want to make sure that's actually in the network. And that's what we're getting. We're having some fun with that actually because we're seeing it. picked up from our competitors. That's always done when you're picking up volume from your competitors. So it accelerates.
