Brian Newman: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Look, we expect CPP in the back half of the year to actually improve versus the first half. As I think about 2H, we're looking to put about $1.7 billion up in revenue growth in domestic, and there'll be a comparable increase in cost of about $1.7 billion.  But Nando and the team in the U.S. are taking a number of actions to actually drive productivity and efficiency. We just launched Total Service Plan. We've got Smart Package/Smart facility, cube automation, a number of initiatives. Those will drive about $300 million to reduce that $1.7 billion in cost increase. So as I think about exiting, I actually think CPP will be high single digit in the second half of the year. And so as we exit, I think we'll be in good shape going into '23.
Brian Newman: Yes. From a numbers perspective, Allison, we had guided to 150 basis points of SMB improvement as a percentage of volume mix in the U.S. We're right on track to do that. We had a bit stronger performance in the second quarter, 200 bps, but we're holding to that full year 150. So that obviously does contribute to the revenue quality that we saw in the first half and we'll see in the second half.
Brian Newman: I only had the RPP side of that equation. Carol just painted a better, not bigger picture that we're running, Jeff. But on the back of that is revenue quality, and you see that in the domestic margin of 12% in the second quarter. I think we committed to 11.6% in the first half and 11.6% in the second half. We feel good about that running this play Carol just described.
Brian Newman: Yes, Ken. Thanks for the question. And I think we feel fine about the fuel. It's obviously gone up at record levels in terms of the increase versus last year. And as we see fuel costs rise, Ken, our profit dollars actually increased. Margins contract a bit on the upside.  In the quarter, about 1/3 of RPP growth came from fuel, and we're splitting that out. That's fuel price per gallon. We're splitting that out from the management actions we've taken on pricing, which would go into a different bucket. So we've tried to provide more transparency.  As fuel goes down, I think the efficiency of our 1-week lag on the fuel service charge we feel like we're protected or insulated from a margin perspective. So feel okay and the constructive Q2 RPP. 1/3 was fuel, 1/3 was what Carol talked about, the revenue quality led by service, and then the last piece of that was the combination of mix, Ken, plus the management actions on fuel. So that's how we're looking at it and thinking about it.
Brian Newman: Yes, Amit, good question. So the answer to the first part of the question is, as we think about the walk on margins, that low 20s number that we're delivering it's a bit challenged in a down volume environment. And so we need to pull other levers to make sure we get there.  What we're focused on guidance that I had given at the investor conference in '21, which is 12% op margin in the U.S. We are still very much on track to do that. I think the guidance we gave for this year was to go from 11.1 to 11.6. We're on track to do that and then to lift the balance next year. So still tracking to the 12% and looking to expand margin on a longer-term basis.
Brian Newman: Yes, that's -- Carol, it's actually a big number. We're going to see -- we saw $0.33 in COLA, the cost-of-living adjustment last year. We're going to see $0.82 this year. So you combine that to $1 in contractual wage increase. Last year, we went $1.23. This year, it will be $1.82. The fact that we're able to manage through that and drive the additional productivity you talked about when the environment turns around in an up volume environment, should be cooking on all cylinders.
Brian Newman: Sure, Scott. From a margin perspective, look, we -- I guess, as a whole company, we'd expect all business segments to have higher margins in Q4 relative to Q3 based on the seasonality, Scott, we expect the back half domestic margin seasonality to be very similar to last year relative to Q2.  So if you go back last year and look at Q2, the sequential Q3, Q4, the change should be comparable. As far as the currency and fuel that you laid in, look a stronger USD in Q2, it reduced our reported international revenue by, I think it was $261 million and reduced international profit by $60 million.  And I think you're familiar, Scott, with the lard hedge we use as a percentage of our revenue to manage that. In terms of fuel, fuel prices increased. We take a layered approach and start hedging that out about a few years in advance. We try to be 100% hedged. So the revenue impact will be more than the profit impact. But net-net, I think we feel fuel prices will moderate in the back end of the year.  The net impact in the quarter was 400 basis points. And as we look at dimensionalizing further, we're splitting out the elements of management control pricing actions versus the price per gallon, Scott, to give you more transparency.
Brian Newman: Yes. Certainly, the productivity piece, we would hold on to that. And to Carol's earlier comment, we're going to build on it. So that would carry forward.
Brian Newman: Yes, Jordan, it's included in my $300 million that I talked about in terms of driving productivity. And as Carol mentioned, it just kicked off, I think, July 11. So we're just getting going here. Net-net, it's to run a precision on-time network. So we don't have late deliveries or late departures. And it's worth quite a bit to us. It will ramp up over time. Carol mentioned that Nando and the team met with over 60,000 people talking about their specific service plans. Pretty exciting when you think about what can be accomplished from a TSP perspective.
Brian Newman: Yes. I think we've talked before as we think about dynamic pricing, and we're running some pilots that we feel good about. There's a technology component to that, but from a lag perspective, but the tools that we've been running out -- rolling out with our accounts, whether it's Deal Manager or some of the others, it allows us to be more efficient, more timely.  And quite candidly, the revenue quality is showing 11.9% was the growth in revenue quality for the RPP growth in the second quarter. that's a good number. We expect that to moderate for a few reasons in the back half of the year to high single digit. What's critical there is managing that spread. As Carol talked about, driving the productivity, will bring the CPP down and then deliver on our margin commitments.
Brian Newman: I don't see a headwind with the dollar -- with the fuel prices moderating, it's factored into our guidance.
Brian Newman: Yes. Why don't I pick up the first -- the back half of that on CapEx, Carol, if you want to add any color on supply chains. But the guide we're holding at $5.5 billion, we feel good about. We're not immune. There are supply chain challenges around the world, and some of the parts and motors and trucks are more challenging to get.  But I think we look at capital now from a sort of a perpetual rolling cycle. It's not episodic. And so we're looking at opportunities to invest in different areas that may not have been in the original plan to drive automation, et cetera. So we're hold to $5.5 billion. That you can hold and we'll continue to remain agile, keep you updated if there's any change. I don't expect a big change.
Brian Newman: Yes, Brian, thanks. On the fuel surcharge, look, as Carol mentioned, we run a pass-through on the fuel surcharge on the price per gallon piece, and we've isolated that for you for transparency. That's a very efficient mechanism and we'll move up and down.  The pricing actions, we've taken over the last couple of years, we've actually taken 4 or 5 pricing actions. And those we feel are embedded. As Carol said, it's a different type of price. We don't think of it as fuel. It's an element of pricing, and we're embedding some of that in the base rate.
Carol Tome: And maybe just a little color on the Total Service Plan. This is a formative initiative for our company. And it's really running our integrated network the way it was designed to run. And to make that real for you, sometimes we're a little light with feeder arrivals and departures. And with the initiative that we just kicked off on July 11 is about getting back on time and to dimensionalize that for you, a 10-minute improvement within the integrated network is worth $257 million.  So we're really excited about this. We've just kicked it off. It was a monumental effort. Get this, Nando and his team had to have one-on-one conversations with 64,000 drivers in our company, talking to them about their individualized service plan because some people want to get home for dinner at night and some people want to have some overtime. So we've built individualized plans for our drivers, and we retrained hundreds of thousands of people in our methods. And we're very, very excited about the Total Service Plan.
Carol Tome: Our SMB initiative is multifaceted. And certainly, Deal Manager is part of it. We saw our win rate at 71% in the second quarter, that was 12 percentage points higher than we had planned. So we were super excited about that, and we're looking forward to rolling that outside the United States.  But it's not just the Deal Manager. By the way, I should say with Deal Manager, we're holding more of the base rate, which is great, too. That's part of the RPP strategy here. But it's much more the Deal Manager thinking about that, we have $1 billion of DAP revenue in the first 6 months of the year. And in fact, the revenue in the second quarter grew by about 100%. So we are on track to have $2 billion in DAP in the back half of the year.  We've got 18 key partners, 2.5 million merchants on the DAP platform, and we're taking that outside the United States as well. But there's more to it. It's about creating a seamless and frictionless experience for our customers. And as you know we have 16 customer journeys, we've actually identified 3 of those that really matter. And one of those is we've kind of thrown our wallet in the middle of the road, and we're going after it. And that's how to manage claims.  The claims process here is pretty clunky and it's not a good customer experience. So we are staffing that, Brian. We're staffing that and we're going to fix the claims experience because we think if we eliminate that pain point, we're going to grow even faster than the market, which we're already doing.
Carol Tome: And we're holding on to the more of the GRI aren't we? We're not discounting as much. And part of that is because our customers value the service that we provide. Our end-to-end network is allowing us to deliver record high service levels, and that matters. That really matters.
Carol Tome: And to your question on the union negotiation first, these are incredibly important to us, and we've had Teamsters in our company for 100 years or thereabout. As we think about the upcoming contract negotiation, we're going to leave the negotiations at the bargaining table.  But just a few things for you to remember. Our Teamsters are the highest paid in the industry, both wage and benefits. In fact, if you're a 4-year driver here, you're making $40 an hour and fully loaded with benefits close to $150,000 a year. So our workforce is very different than a lot of the workforce that you hear in the media every day that are trying to be organized. They're not paid the way that our Teamsters are paid. These are great jobs that we value very much.  Our goal with the Teamsters is win-win-win, and that's our goal. And again, we'll keep the details of that win-win-win strategy at the bargaining table. The other thing I'll leave with you, and this is, I think, an important point is we're winning business today with customers who know, we have an upcoming negotiation because we've told our customers, we're going to take care of them. We are building contingency plans, and we will take care of our customers.
Carol Tome: Yes. I think, Scott, the way I think about it is the change in the price per gallon is one component of the RPP. And as Brian called it out, that was 400 basis points on the RPP in the second quarter. The costs associated that also impacted cost per piece or our overall increase in expenses, up 370 basis points related to fuel.  So as the price per gallon goes up or down, the margin is pretty protected. To the change in price per gallon, we also have a pricing algorithm, but it has -- it's just used it fuel as a simple way to price. It's just price. So don't think of those pricing actions as anything different than price. And fuel margins will just hold tight if you look at change in price per gallon on the revenue line and change on pricing gallon on the expense line. That's how I think about it.
Carol Tome: On peak, we're getting forecast from all of our large customers now as we build our peak planning and we expect it to be a good peak. Inventory levels are good. Retailers are brought in to sell. Where last year, they didn't. So that should help the peak demand.  And then the comment about expenses, and we could have done better, is we managed hours relative to the volume. I'm really proud of that. A few years ago, we wouldn't have been able to do that. We would have delevered, but we were able to manage our hours. Nando and his team and Kate and her team did a great job on that.  We kept the bench though. Because if we let the bench go, then we'd have to rehire them for peak, and that doesn't seem like a good idea. Now the bench, obviously, we won't be an hourly wage if they're not working, but they do get benefits. So I would say that's the money that we left on the table, but we'll get that back in spade by giving great service to our customers during peak.
Carol Tome: Thanks, Nando. And the cool thing is that we're not trying to integrate the network. We already have an integrated network. Now we're just running it the way it was designed.
Carol Tome: I love Deal Manager for so many ways. It makes it easier for our salespeople first, it makes it better and faster for our customers, which is awesome, but we're also bringing intelligence to the decision-making. Before [indiscernible] a bit of tribal knowledge. But now we're using AI to help inform the decisions, and we're coming in at better pricing as a result.
Carol Tome: Supply chains are flowing better than they were a year ago. But we're not out of the woods. And a lot of it has to do with the rolling COVID lockdowns in China. We're shutdown in Shenzhen again. And we thought we'd gone through the worst in the second quarter. Kate and her team did a masterful job of managing through this. Get this, because of the rolling lockdowns in China in different cities, when you add up the number of days that we were effectively shut down cumulatively and if you look at all the cities combined, 106 days, we had people -- UPSers sleeping on the floor of our hubs to try to keep commerce moving.  Manufacturers couldn't manufacture because they were shutdown. Ocean Freight volume levels were down in the second quarter because of the lockdowns in China. So -- and then we see what's happening with the current variant of COVID. And you just wonder about when will we ever get through it?  But what you have to do is get through it. You have to manage through it. And that's what we, as a team said we will do. We are going to run our business. We're not going to let the business run us. We're going to get through it, and that's what we're doing.
Carol Tome: And I'm just so happy you asked about delivery density. Because we've tried to move the needle in this area for a long time, and we haven't been successful, principally because we've been focused on downstream, improving delivery density through access points or SurePost Redirect. And we just really haven't moved the needle.  Yes, the density was the best this quarter since 2019, fractionally. So we're like, "All right, what we're doing isn't working. We've got to go upstream." And when I mean upstream, when you think about e-commerce retailers, their upstream supply chain is from the manufacturer to their warehouse or store. Their upstream supply chain is also their order management system.  So we have been in a pilot with a third-party technology company that powers order management systems for most of the retailers in the country. The pilot is a virtual halt. We're in the order management system, the third-party technology company is holding the order until it can match another order going to the same address, and then it releases 2 orders. This pilot has been working very well.  Now you may say, well, what about service level agreement to the customer? Well, the virtual hold is only as long as the service level agreement allows. But there's a lot of hours in that service-level agreement, 9 hours, 12 hours. So what we found through the pilot is enough time to be able to match, then we release and we deliver the density.  And just to make this real for you, and this is just an estimate, but we estimate the cost of last mile for us is $5.50. That incremental package cost us $0.60. So imagine the value that can be released if we improve the density. So we're going to give some of that value back to our customers.  Why not? Their service level is not disruptive, and we are going to value share. So the pilot has been so successful. We're going live in the third quarter with the customer. We've got 9 other customers lined up who are anxious to talk to us about this. So more to come, early days, but super excited because it's different from what we've done in the past.
