Scott Childress: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance or results of operation of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2015 Form 10-K and the 2016 Form 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the quarter, UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $1.7 billion. The charge resulted from lower discount rates and asset returns. Lower interest rates used to calculate the plan discount rate contributed to the bulk of the shortfall. In addition, investment returns on plan assets were negatively affected by the overall market performance. In the prior year period, UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $79 million. The charge resulted from lower asset returns that were partially offset by higher discount rates. More details on mark-to-market accounting are available in a presentation on the Investor Relations' website. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter 2016 was a loss of $0.27. Excluding the impact of the mark-to-market pension charge, adjusted earnings per share was $1.63, while fourth quarter 2015 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.48 and adjusted earnings per share was $1.57. Unless stated otherwise, discussion today will refer to adjusted results. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations' website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Before I turn it over to David, I want to remind everyone of our Investor Conference on February 21. UPS senior leaders will update you on our latest technology and our long-term strategy. We look forward to seeing you at the conference. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
Scott Childress: This is Scott again. Let's just make sure that there's only one question. We're trying to get through as many sell-side analysts as possible, so we'll only select one question moving forward per analyst.
Scott Childress: We'll take an online question. This one, we've had multiple questions on trade. The questions are thoughts around global trade outlook with this new administration; how that's going to impact our business as well as the comments on the TPP and that losing favor in the current administration.
Scott Childress: Yeah. We appreciate you joining us today. I'd like to allow David closing comments, if I would, please.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. I'll start by saying that when we look at guidance, we look at two things. First, we look what's happening inside UPS, and of course we look at the economic conditions. In terms of inside UPS, we're continuing to create operating efficiency through implementation. But what we're really doing is leaning in and saying, we need to do this faster. And so that creates long-term value, because when we change our network, we're changing it for not just our B2C volume, but we're changing it for all of our products, because we run that integrated network. So we will see some operating penalties in the short-term as we have temporary buildings, as we do more hub mod a little faster, things like that. But at the same time, economically, we provide a guidance range that's realistic. And so, that's why it's actually – the guided number was 1% to 6%, (28:52) but you have to add that 500 basis points to it, or $0.30 a share, and you get to something that shows underlying growth actually continuing to be strong. And essentially, when you look at – because you referenced the old guidance numbers – if you look back in 2014, the forecast for industrial production was different over the last two years. It stayed soft. There was supposed be a recovery mid-2015, and that did not occur. Additionally, you've seen this continued contrast in consumer versus industrial growth. And, of course, the last point is that the pension discount rates and interest rate environment generally have stayed softened really for eight years, and again, there was an expectation back in 2014 that that would start to recover. So we'll cover all this in a lot more detail when we meet in a few weeks at the Investor Conference, but we feel like, when you put it all together, the underlying business is performing well. We're preparing it for the future, and that's why we've guided the way we have.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, when you look at the operating margin, the biggest impact to the operating margin for the fourth quarter was really driven by the balance of volume. We saw, in fact, a dramatic shift in B2C. And we went back all the way 10 years, and this was the fastest pace of movement from B2B to B2C on a weighted average. So, on one side, it's partly driven by that. The other side is what's happening externally, too. And, of course, that means the industrial production is still – remained soft. In a minute, I'm going to ask Myron talk a little about specifically the operations, but what we're really saying is, by talking about our increased CapEx really this year, we went up over 20% and next year we're going to do it again, it's really about quickening the pace so that we can continue to transform the network, because long-term, that's going to improve the margins. And it's actually going to help or be a tailwind as we come against more volume that has a little less density. We are still creating that synthetic density through SurePost redirect, through My Choice and the use of access points. But when you put it all together, this is really about, we're mid-cycle in a process that we laid out a few years ago. And we said it would be about a five-year process to get done. And we are going to quicken a little bit to get it done, because of the results and the value it creates is worthwhile. With that, on hub mod, we're going to talk about that at the Investor Conference in a few weeks, and I'll ask Myron to talk specifically about the Domestic business.
Richard N. Peretz: Okay, David, good morning. When we're looking at the operating margin and what we're doing, it really has to do with several different initiatives that we have coming on. We have about 15 or so initiatives this year that we're investing in that are really about the future, both from a capacity standpoint, but also from a capability standpoint. I think it's best if we leave a lot of that discussion for when we meet at the Investor Conference, but I do think the important part is that we think there's two sides to solving this. The one side is continue bending the cost curve, and we've seen that with ORION. And if you think about these different projects we're talking about, they're the same kind of thing; continue to find automation and efficiency through investment of capital. At the same time, there's the revenue side and the things that Alan talked about. I think if you also step back for a moment and you look at where we are today versus a few years ago, because there's been references to that, since 2014, our revenue in the U.S. has grown 9%. And since 2014, our profit has grown almost 18%. So while we know we're not quite where we wanted to be this quarter, we do know that even though we took on historical numbers from B2C, fastest growth we've seen in 10 years, that the returns, while not where we want them to be, are still very strong. And we are building for the long-term with transforming our network, and this is just one of those steps in the process that we laid out a few years ago.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, Scott, and again this is Richard. I think one thing to keep in mind here is our priorities have always been the same, which is first is to reinvest in the business because of the high ROIC being mid-20s or higher. When we look at it, we're not talking about investing in automating the networks because of only e-commerce. As I hopefully have communicated in the past, one of the benefits of everything we invest is that every package gets a benefit, and they get a benefit because we run that single integrated network. And so, we're investing to create automation and the use of technology across the network in major hubs. And that's going to impact both our B2C volume, our B2B, our Next Day Air and our exports and imports out of the U.S. That all being said, I think how you should think about the CapEx is for the next several years, we'll be a little higher than we have been, say, the last six or seven years. But it's all about continuing to create value, continuing to grow this company a little bit faster than historical norms. And that's why we also guided on the revenue the way we did. So we'll again talk a little bit more about our CapEx and where we're headed at the Investor Conference, but I think that gives you a pretty good picture of where we're headed.
Richard N. Peretz: Okay. Thanks for that part of the question, Brian. And I may be able to cover a little part in answering this one, too. But first, you've got to realize that we have a high tax rate. It's about 35%. And so when we hear about comprehensive tax reform, we get pretty excited pretty quickly. There's no doubt about that. And we look for a competitive tax rate. We also look for the territorial provision that we can bring earnings back. When you get to the House blueprint, while we do appreciate the tax rate, we do share some concerns that many of our customers have about the potential impact of the border adjustment tax. And one of the first questions is we're trying to find out just exactly how that's going to work. And it's a little bit early. We don't have all the answers yet. So we're certainly pursuing those answers. And the second part of this, you have to know how it's going to work to see if it's really going to affect trade coming into the U.S. So from the blueprint, we are certainly excited about a lower rate, but we think there's a lot of concerns and a lot of questions about the border adjustment tax, and we need answers before we could go much further there. So thank you for the question.
Richard N. Peretz: Well, I'm actually going to take the question, Brandon. This is Richard. And I think the first thing you have to look at is, again, if you go back to 2014 and our long-term guidance, we expected to see growth in industrial production in 2015 and 2016. And really for the last year and a half, last year and three-quarters, you've seen that go negative. That has a big impact on growth rate of the B2B business. And earlier, I talked about, we looked at both the internal and the external, and we try to give you a range of realistic goals based on economic assumptions, and they've come in much differently. The other thing that plays a large part in where we sit is the discount rate is something like 100 basis points different. And you saw what that did to mark-to-market. That impacts expense, too. But separating all the external, what's happening inside the business is you're seeing this massive trend of B2C going much faster. We talked about in 2014, that it would be a five year process to get our hubs all automated. And so we're mid-process in it. And what we're really saying is for 2017, 2018, we're going to go a little faster than what we originally said because the value of that is so great, not only for the B2C, but for all of the business in Ground and our Next Day Air, et cetera. So one of the reasons we're coming together in a few weeks is really to talk about where we see the business today, what the economics numbers kind of show externally and how we see we're going to continue to grow this business. Because at the end of the day, one of the parts that's very important to us is that we do spur growth, and that's why you see us guide on revenue above our historical norm.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, Danny. I think, when you look at pension expense in 2017, we look at it in two buckets. We look at the multi-employer, and that will grow the same as volume, and so we don't really see any change to that. For the UPS-sponsored plans, it actually will be relatively flat, and it's really driven by the actions we took due to the increasing PBGC premiums and the pre-funding, as well as coming up against headwinds from the discount rate. So the important point here is that we actively manage the pension environment. And we're doing the right thing for UPS and for the investors, but essentially the expense for UPS-sponsored plans will be flat in 2017.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. This is Richard, obviously, and what I wanted to make sure that I cover on this, the headwind is for the year 2017. And what's actually going to happen over time is we'll see less of this because we're moving from a multi-year hedge, where extreme volatility that came out in 2014 and 2015 saw a dramatic drop. So therefore, we were kind of exposed because it went to one to $1.35 down to $1.11. Earlier last year, we started guiding around our dollar cost averaging, and so it's fully implemented in 2018, but we're fully covered in 2017 as well. And what we do is we buy $1.36 of our coverage each month. And so what that does is takes the volatility out of the currency. And that's how you hedge currencies. So what that means is your year-over-year comp won't have as much exposure because it's only the head and the tail that are different for the comparison periods. That being said, the unhedged currencies have exposure and that's because there's hundreds of currencies and it's all about how the currency reacts against the dollar. We haven't seen the kind of reaction that we saw really in the last six weeks to eight weeks of 2016 historically, where almost every major currency in the world went a different way than the dollar. And that's why we had to guide up that the expected impact for 2017 is around $400 million, but as it occurs through the year, we'll have to continue to give you information.
Richard N. Peretz: So again, this is Richard, and I think the most important thing is to remember that our priorities haven't changed. We still think investing in the business, making dividends a priority is important. But having the flexibility based on opportunistic-type things makes a lot of sense, we feel like. At the same time, it does appear we're entering a very favorable cycle for pension accounting, and so that may drive us to do things differently. We'll kind of put all this together and talk a little bit about that when we're together at the Investor Conference, but we think it's important that we're fortunate because we can balance the needs of the business and still have a strong total return to our shareholders. But we're always evaluating ways to accelerate and create value. And again, we'll plan to talk a little bit more about that at the Investor Conference.
David P. Abney: Yeah, so this is David. I'd just like to reinforce what Richard said. Just want to remind everybody, we did have record EPS for the fourth quarter and for the full year. E-commerce brings challenges. It certainly brings great opportunities. We believe we have the right strategy. We feel we're making the right investments. If this quarter told us anything, it told us we've got to quicken the pace and we've already said we're going to do that. And we're going to seize the opportunities that we know can come worldwide from B2C. So we see it as a very good opportunity for our people, and we're going to capitalize on it. Thank you.
David P. Abney: Okay. This is David Abney. The first question came from David Ross [Stifel, Nicolaus]. And you know in spite of the headlines, and there's been quite a few, President Trump is really not against trade agreements. Now, he's made it very clear he wants trade agreements to be fair from a U.S. perspective. And he also has made it clear that versus multilateral agreements, that he's much more focused on bilateral agreements. UPS, as a company, we support trade agreements. We support bilateral. We support multilateral. And I can tell you that in every country where the U.S. in the last 10 years has reached a trade agreement, we have seen an actual real increase of packages entering our network going out to these countries, U.S. exports, of a 20% increase. And 20% increase, whether you get the benefit from many bilateral agreements or one multilateral agreement, you can see how that adds up. We did get a separate question, and it was concerning TPP and how disappointed are we that the U.S. has withdrawn from TPP negotiations? And obviously, UPS is a big supporter of TPP, and we thought it was a modernized trade agreement for the 21st century. And so, yes, we would like to see multilateral agreements like that get approved. But I can tell you that if you follow the President's strategy, and you do a series of fairly quick bilateral agreements with the major countries that are involved in TPP or that may eventually have been included in TPP, we think you can still get there, maybe not as quickly as you would in this manner, but we are encouraged that the U.S. is going to focus on trade agreements. And we are expecting to see some progress in a fairly short period of time. So thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: 0.3%. So you just look at that. And if we had not made the investments in ORION, you just normally expect that you're going to grow volume by 5%; you're going grow stops by 4.7%; that you'd grow miles accordingly. And we were able to reduce that to 0.3 of a mile. These automated hubs have given us 20%, 25% efficiency. And so, the end of the day, it is not that we need to change our strategies, we need to quit making investments. The end of the day is, we've got to speed and go forward. We have to stay up with the market. The market is clearly moving greater B2C. That's the focus that you will see UPS from both an innovation, from a cost, and from working with our customers to make sure that we get paid for the cost to serve their packages. Thanks for the question, and let's move on to the next one, please.
David P. Abney: Okay. Thank you. This is David. The biggest advantage of our network is our ability to flex up and down. And if that means that trade happens more in one area versus the other, then we obviously can move our assets, and we can make those adjustments. We still, though, we don't believe that the world is falling off the cliff. We think that there will be trade agreements. We think that global trade is still going to continue to grow, and we're prepared to make those adjustments. And if something does happen where trade drops in particular areas of the world, then we will make those adjustments, too. If it means that we have to remove some of our planes from these areas temporarily or if we have to move resources, we will certainly do that. So we're prepared either way, but we're going to work very hard to make sure that everyone understands the importance of competing in the 21st century and that is through trade, which drives jobs, and it also drives opportunities for Americans. Thank you.
David P. Abney: Yeah, so I'd like to thank everyone for being on the call. And we'd like to just finish up that we're very excited about the opportunities, the opportunities that we're going to have in e-commerce, but the opportunities – we didn't talk about this as much – in emerging markets, and with what Jim and his group is doing in our International business. And then, last is the focus on technology and making sure that we continue to implement technology that's going to make us more efficient. It's going to make us more flexible, and it's going to provide more value to our customers. So, again, thanks for being on the call.
