Kate Gutmann: Great. Scott, this is Kate. I will take that one. SMB is the key priority within our strategic growth imperatives and they're going well. We handle more SMB business than anyone and we continue to innovate. And the solutions we actually announced were foreshadowed at our Transformation Conference, so the strategy is unfolding as we speak. They’re holistic strategy as we aim to win more business Monday through Sunday meeting all of our customers' needs and making it easy for them. Like the market leading My Choice for Business where we provided unprecedented visibility and control for their inbound and outbound shipments and enhancing our network with faster time in transit in meaningful ways hitting lanes that actually will cover 80% of the population and seven day service expanding Saturday and adding Sunday options to win even more SMB from the four-week. Leveraging the combination of UPS integrated network access point locations and SurePost in collaboration with the post office. We also extend -- have our extended hours Next Day ground service, enabling SMBs and large customers to process orders later in the day and reaching more than 85% of the population. We are also proud of the access point expansion and the partnerships with CVS, Michael's and Advanced Auto. That adds more than 12,000 locations nationwide bringing the U.S total to 21,000 and 40,000 globally. Further helping SMB take advantage of the cross-border trade opportunity, we’ve announced worldwide economy. This is an economical and deferred service designed for their low value cross-border goods and its available in Canada, China, Hong Kong, U.K and U.S with more coming soon. Further with SMBs as well as larger healthcare accounts, we have our drone service staying at the forefront and rapidly scaling our drone operations on the campus of WakeMed and other hospitals to come. So we’re very excited about our SMB initiative and priorities, the strategy that we laid out for you at the Transformation Conference and being able to bring more on to you with details and we remain committed to the strategic growth imperatives.
Kate Gutmann: Absolutely. Thanks, Ken. This is Kate. And so I would say, first of all, what Richard indicated, we've had growing the air growth early first quarter and beyond. And we’ve it across a broad base of customers and we do expect even more to go. There's a structural change in the market. As I noted, it does drive a 1-day footprint, whether it be air because of inventory placement or ground and you saw that in our 13% ground resi growth. And then the Next day Air, of course, continues to be strong. So we've actually had the wins throughout the last year and we are the air market share leader for the last three years.
Kate Gutmann: Great. And Brian, this is Kate. So the My Choice for Business goes on the heels of My Choice for Home of course with 60 million strong and customers with higher customer satisfaction than any other part of the business. And so we see that same tie with My Choice for Business. And we will deliver new solutions through that mechanism. We will be focused on the general subscribers as well as the premium. And just as we are doing in the release, you can see unprecedented visibility and control so that customized experience with UPS for these SMB customers really helps to give a deeper connection and we will continue to go further with it and again deliver new solutions through that mechanism.
Kate Gutmann: Yes, good morning, Fadi. This is Kate. So our B2B grew 2.5% and continues the growth sequencing that we've had for the last three quarters. And these solutions actually that we've announced are both for B2C and B2B. I will highlight UPS My Choice for Business. Sometimes folks will think that that is primarily only for the business to the consumer, but in truth, a lot of SMBs are empowered now through unprecedented visibility and control to better address their business customers as well. And, of course, the seven day, we've got the Saturday commercial. And then access points also micro small businesses are one of the largest shippers out of our Access Point locations. UPS Store, of course, having -- they are being located right in their communities and driving a lot of that B2B volume. And then of course our returns portfolio is what I would also emphasize that comes -- returns come with B2C growth and we’ve seen the benefit of that as well. So we are continuing to focus on growth across our products as you saw in this quarter.
David Abney: Just a quick recap. This is David. You have to look at all these announcements that we made not as individual projects, but this is a holistic approach to basically enabling small and midsized customers to swing above their weight. And so the focuses on this group of customers so that they can compete with the larger companies that are out there. And the excitement that we’ve seen for this is just incredible and we're very confident that we will continue to serve that small and midsize customer in ways that none of our competitors can do. And this small -- this My Choice for Business is just unique in the industry. There's no one that can match that and we expect the same enthusiasm as we had with My Choice for Home, which is 60 million members and we believe we will get the same kind of attraction with My Choice for Business. Thank you for the question. Let's move on.
David Abney: Yes, great question, Ben. And I will just say, let's look real quick, obviously there are headwinds and tailwinds, there always are. And -- but when you look just quickly at the second quarter we had our best quarterly performance we've ever had in the history of this company and had positive operating leverage in our U.S business. Our international supply chain and freight businesses had the highest second quarter that they have ever had and this is under dynamic -- under a dynamic trade environment. It is really a turning point in our profitability and we have momentum going into the -- the rest of the year. And when you look our transformation initiatives that we talked about a year-ago are really kicking in and we're getting the efficiencies and the gains. And then you add on top of that these innovative solutions and that will help our customers to deal with all of these changes that we're all seeing and we have a lot of confidence here that in spite of what may or may not happen within trade environment that we can flex our systems, flex our network and that we can continue to take care of the needs of our customers. So we feel confident in the second half of the year and going into next year.
David Abney: Yes, as Jim mentioned and do want to recognize the domestic U.S team just did an excellent job the second quarter, bending that cost curve. And as a credit to their execution, to their efforts, it also is reflected by all these investments we've been making in these automated builds and in our strategic imperatives. So a good job there and we expect momentum will continue.
David Abney: Yes, so you should think of this as a complementary service. It's not really something that’s going to take away from our existing express, but it does open up to these marketplaces these small businesses an opportunity for deferred shipping option at much lower cost, which means we are going to see a lot of traction. So we believe this is a very important part of our international portfolio.
David Abney: Right. This is David. And I'm assuming just talking about Sunday delivery where we are utilizing our own network, we are utilizing access points and we are utilizing USPS to from a SurePost expansion. And I can tell you that that I personally got -- gotten a commitment from the top USPS that they understand our requirements and the needs of our customers and their outflows are committed to work with us to make sure that this is going to be a very successful offering. So I couldn't be any more confident in our Sunday delivery capabilities, all three parts of the strategy, including the commitment from USPS to perform at the levels we need. Thank you.
David Abney: Yes, just focus a little more on the aircraft size. I want to tell you when we made the decision for 747-8, that was certainly one of the perspectives we looked at and this is very modern aircraft, it has -- it's very efficient. And the big thing you’ve to keep in mind though is the size of this aircraft. And when you put fly one plane versus two, you are going to gain from sustainability all day long. And so the key is to have it utilize to where you are able to do that, eliminate aircraft because you’ve larger aircraft. And excellent question and it was certainly high on our priority list when we made the decision. And we’ve been very pleased with how that has worked out for us. So thank you for the question.
David Abney: Yes, Scott. We are making significant progress in executing our strategies. And from the questions today, I can tell that there's a lot of people on this call that agree with that. Our Transformation initiatives are improving efficiency and they’re enabling newer, innovative solutions like the ones we covered yesterday and there are more to come. So I don't want anyone to think that this is what we’ve for this year and for next year. We’ve a lot of smart people that are having good conversations for our customers and we are going to continue to enhance our service and we are all excited about it. We are becoming as a company more agile and the timing of our investments could not have been any better. The structural change in the market for Next Day delivery is favorable for UPS. It's favorable for our customers and for the consumer, but it is certainly favorable for us. The U.S Domestic segment has good momentum and we are going to continue that momentum. We continue to see growth opportunities in the U.S and also internationally and in our supply chain business. So in summary, we expect strong profit growth ahead and we will continue to accelerate our initiatives and move at a faster pace. So thank you very much for joining us today and appreciate the time.
Richard Peretz: So when you think about margin, we do and we continue to call for improvement in operating margin for the U.S business. It's driven by the efficiencies across the network both the ground and the air with the new buildings and you saw what cost per piece this quarter and that 0.5% is among the lowest that’s been in several years and we expect that to continue. We are calling for low double-digit operating profit growth in all three segments for the entire year. And so when you put it altogether, we expect the second half to be well. We do believe that the Next Day Air will continue to grow, but that growth started really in the first quarter if you look at our growth numbers there. It was a little higher in the second quarter. We don't expected to stay that high through the rest of the year. But we do expect to continue to win share based on the solutions we have in the market and will help margins.
Richard Peretz: Sure. So let's take those in two boxes, I will go very quickly. In 2019, everything that we said we would start earlier in the year, we talked about strategic initiatives we'd announce what’s embedded in the guidance. The announcement here is the improvement in time-in-transit that starts now. In terms of 2020, what we have is we’ve targeted Sunday operations. It's the combination of SurePost. expanded Access Point and the use of the new part-time driver -- I’m sorry, the weekend driver category. It's all part of transformation and what we committed to reinvest in this business to make it grow even more. And so as we get to 2020 guidance in a few months, we will come out and explain to you how that all plays out, but it was all part of the plans we initially had.
Richard Peretz: Yes. So Rob, this is Richard. And first, we haven't actually given any guidance for '20, but what I did say was that when you think about what we are investing in for '20 and beyond, we talk about transformation savings both being saving and accretive to EPS the $1 to $1.20 and part of it for reinvestment. And so when we come to guiding, we will go through that. I think it's really important to think about the second quarter. When you look at the U.S profit growth of 8%, it was almost evenly divided between ground and air, which means that the incremental cost per piece that is coming in is coming in at much lower because of technology, because of structural change in distance and ways and zones. And so we do see incremental profit improving. We also see cost per piece coming down and all that comes together in what we guided for '19 and when we get to '20.
Jim Barber: Hi, Allison, it's Jim. I think, obviously, from a unit cost perspective in Q2, I think the market sees that we’re at a inflection point. And it really did drive operating leverage in the U.S., which has been about four years since the last time we did it in this kind of capacity. Rich talked about the future. We see it going forward, we see the momentum as well. David in his talk, that we continue it forward. There are going to be quarters where we absolutely will drop the unit cost going forward. There might be other ones who would choose to invest some of the transformation dollars and go back and grow the business differently. In the end, it's a combination of revenue per piece and cost per piece that drives operating leverage and we will manage it too going forward and talk about the margins as Rich insinuated in his guidance. So appreciate the question.
Jim Barber: Hi, Jairam. It's Jim. I will take that one up. So a couple of things harking back to the acquisition. First, we bought Coyote. First thing out of the gate we saw when we acquired was their service level and that hasn't changed and we believe we've got the best service in the industry and that's just flat competition capability. Secondly, we’re in the protection mode in Coyote. We've doubled the business already. We're headed to tripling the business and competition will continue to force us to invest in new technology, which the team is doing. We’ve already geographically expanded in the Europe. We will keep doing that to grow the business and probably the one I think you should think about the most is that Coyote is the only one in the UPS family. And the synergies that affords us at peak season and then the rest of the year through the cross selling of the portfolio, I don't think the new competitors kind of have that leg up. So we are pretty proud of the acquisition. Thanks.
Jim Barber: I will pick it up. Look in David's opening comments he talked about the trade picture. It's kind of different coming into this year than we saw it. But remember a couple of things about the international business, as it moves through the globe is that it is both a growth and diversification engine for us. And when you talk about that, you’ve to have the ability to move it as trade move. What you've seen in this really challenging trade environment is that they just recorded record profits again. And so at the very end of the day, yes, there are trade wins, but there's also tailwinds in this world, and when we find those, we try and lean into, we get the network right. We've talked about that second half is going to speed up, that's going to include international. And really at the end and when you say you're going to run this globe's largest logistics network, no matter what happens to the macro, things are going to come and go over time and our job is to move this network to where the customer see opportunity and we believe we can provide it to them. So international continues for a long time in the future for us at UPS.
Jim Barber: So David mentioned in his opening comments our air capacity. We started in the -- back in '17 when we went out and made our statements with the 747-8. Remember though from that position, we talked about a bump in role in the network and moving assets through the globe and where the opportunities existed. So, yes, we're going to move capacity toward it. And remember the flexibility in the way we do it and that comes from a labor contract, that comes from business units, it comes from different products and suites that we offer. We've got a lot of levers to pull and when you can see the Next Day grew like it did in the quarter we just ended, that meant we had to move capacity to it to do it and so we're moving it and we will continue to move it as the opportunities to grow present them self for us.
Jim Barber: Look, I think you've got it right on the calendar. Last time we saw a calendar like this was about 5 years ago. And so quite frankly we've been in preparation for this for some time. One of the points most people don't really get right now is with the air growth we've seen right now. We are in peak season air growth numbers right now from last peak and we feel like last peak we prove to the market we could take a step forward and we plan to do it again this peak season. Yes, it's more challenging, but we are stronger and better and our airlines more fit for duty and so are the people that run inside of it. So our ability to do what we're doing right now gives us really strong confidence. The other thing that most people can't see from the outside is when we put our buildings up in '18 to get ready for peak of '18, the majority of those buildings, 80% came online in the fourth quarter. '19, 80% come on in the first three quarters. So we've flipped the model around that we are really going to be fit for duty we feel like for our customers going into '19 peak regardless of really the days that they're presented on the calendar and we will get through it, which is nice.
Jim Barber: Sure. I think and right now we've kind of come forward since the Transformation Conference to focus on ten markets. I think given the structure of the call, I won't take you through all of them. Certainly by the way, China will be one of those. We know that that trade lane to the U.S is a bit challenged, but remember it grows in other ways. And so that's what the global network does. So going forward, the year-over-year export also had some issues in it related to cyber last year and the second half will pick back up as we talked about. So look, we're going to continue to move forward in the worldwide economy product. What it really does, it allows us to enter this really fast growing market that we know has been growing six to eight times as fast as anything else over the years and enter a different price point with product set that we haven't really put in our network before. So it is a very big move for us and you’ve seen the way we are going to bring it to market is very low cost way with Incoterms that allow customers to choose. So we are -- we believe that will definitely add fuel into the growth markets as we go forward.
Jim Barber: Well, I do think you said it very well, David. In that the 11 that we're bringing on this year, the 11 that we're going to bring on next year of seven fours and seven sixes, it's time for everything. I mean, we spent a lot of time talking about a couple of trade lanes in the world, but we should also focus on what this world is doing crossing borders and growing and our participation in this global network. Remember, everything that we are flying around this world doesn’t end up in the United States of America. There's a lot of South -- South trade that goes involved in this and we can move the assets there. We have the flexibility as we talked about. And when it moves in this case, potentially the structural changes in the U.S., you can move the assets. And of course, it's not all physical, it's also block hours. I would also say that if you look at this year back to the efficiency metric, it's not just about buying more of them. Our block hours were up about 50% as high as our volume in the U.S this year, so that's another efficiency metric. And if you look at our utilization rates, they're higher this year than last year. So we think the timing as David said is really spot on for.
