David P. Abney: Okay. Thanks for the question. This is David. And I'm going to start with the first part about the cyberattack and how it may have affected volume, and – because there were a lot of parts to that question. But on that, first thing I wanted to say is we obviously don't wish cyberattacks on any company. I mean, these things are criminal acts and I know that we all take them seriously. And from a UPS standpoint, we are regularly investing in updating our technologies to protect, not only our customers, but our employee and company data and also, of course, our service levels because we know how important that can be. So, as far as how that or other things have affected our volume, Jim, I'll turn it over to you.
David P. Abney: Richard did a good job explaining the puts and takes for the fourth quarter. And I just want to make it very clear, as Richard and our team knows, we expect to have a very good fourth-quarter from a service standpoint and we expect to have good financial results. And we have been working on that throughout the year. So a lot of confidence there. Okay. Next question, please.
David P. Abney: Well, as you can see, we are moving fast, we're transforming our business, and we're pleased with our progress. We had balanced performance across all segments this quarter, positive operating leverage in the U.S. We remain focused on the efficiency and the pricing initiatives we discussed today. We see strong growth opportunities for UPS and we continue to invest in the next generation UPS smart global logistics network and to implement our strategic initiatives. Thank you for joining us on the call today.
James Jay Barber: Okay. Thanks, David. Tom, I guess it's a pretty wide question, but I guess I'll come back to openly the growth drivers as we talked about last quarter. It's very balanced, but this last quarter Europe did have our highest growth rate underpinning the 12% export you referenced. On the back of David's comments, straight up, yes, we are seeing more business recently in Europe, but I also would point you to a couple of key factors here. First of all, no matter what's going on in any marketplace, customers have choice. And the choices they have in Europe, because of this unfortunate situation, are between us and many other competitors. I think the way we're looking at this is that through the last couple years we've talked about our investments in the network and new products, like our recently announced dangerous goods capabilities, continued expansion of the network, and in those cases, those seem to certainly be resonating and we – they are choosing UPS. Our job is to serve them going forward and continue to invest in the network as we go. So – and, certainly, I do want to reinforce what David said. This is not a situation that we would certainly wish on anyone and we know we have a job to do and serve whatever customers are on our network. So appreciate that.
James Jay Barber: So, this is Jim. I'll pick it up. A couple of things to note here. I start with some comments David made in his opening talk about this term of partnerships. When we announced our emerging market strategy a couple of years ago, we firmly founded pieces of that on expanded partnerships across the globe. This relationship with SF Express in China really does fit firmly into that. If you know much about the company, its headquarters are founded in the same province that we have our Air hub in Southern China in Guangdong. They have been in business since 1993. Arguably, they're the domestic leader in the B2B and B2C space. They combine with our brand and our International export capabilities in China and it was one of those markets that we all have to evaluate and make strategic moves. We're super excited about it. We are waiting for the final regulatory approvals to come through but when it does, we believe it opens up segments of the market that we are better off to partner with SF and the leadership than go it alone and hence the JV announcement and we look forward to the regulatory approval and then talking more about that in the quarters and years to come.
James Jay Barber: Let me focus on the first question, I guess, on the capacity because there were a couple of them in there certainly. I think we're in a very unique position right now. It started about three quarters ago when some of the air capacity was taken out of the network. A lot of it came out of Shanghai, but certainly it moved south into Southern China and into Hong Kong. Usually, at this time of the year, you see a slack time in the Air Freight market. In fact, we haven't seen a slack. We've seen demand continue to roar. That's being affected in the buy-sell spreads and we're managing through that like everyone is in the market. The capacity issues as well are over on the express side of the business. The demand is high. David referenced some of that as well with the economy. So the Chinese engine over there is certainly going. You know, we've got some 747-8s on order. They're coming soon. They can't get here soon enough because our customers continue to choose the products and services. But back to the Air Freight, it is very unique. I think the next couple quarters leading up to peak will be very different from potentially some of the past. We're here very early and we've got to manage through that and then, of course, you've got the other options below in the ocean freight situation as well. So it is unique market and I believe we are managing through it very well. You can see that in some of the results and we look forward to continuing the ability to adapt to conditions as they come at us. So thanks for the question.
James Jay Barber: Yeah. Thanks. So on the distribution piece, I'd say, open with, I think we definitely keep – continue to lean into healthcare distribution. Certainly, it still is our largest segment now. Continuing in distribution, we are up to 78 facilities across the globe. We opened two new facilities in the previous quarter. So certainly that continues to be a very targeted vertical for us. Marken continues to align to that. Certainly there is a piece of their business that is inside the box as we say, but it also aligns very nicely to our emerging market strategies. It moves across the world. And the clinical trials model synergizes with many of the initiatives that we have. And of course, we also brought on some key leadership in Wes and his team. So, we like the Marken acquisition inside UPS as well as distribution.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. Actually, a large portion of it is in domestic and there also is in international. If you look back to 2016, David, what you would have seen is that the fuel prices were increasing between 35% and 40% during the quarter. You recall we were still a two-month lag. So, for example, while fuel price per barrel was somewhere in the mid-$40s on average for the second quarter, we were still using February's revenue to create surcharge, and that was $31 a barrel at the time. So it's really about a year-over-year and, actually, I went back and looked and we talked about last year on this same second quarter call that we had some headwinds because of that fuel change. Fortunately, we'd made that adjustment and what happened last year, cost actually kind of got pretty tight the rest of the year. And so, we expected in our plans that we would see a benefit because of the drag last year on that. On the workers' comp, what's really happened is because we're now doing quarterly studies instead of just twice a year, we've moved some of the benefit that we traditionally see in the third quarter into second quarter. And so, generally speaking, what we're trying to do is marry up with our actual experience in a more meaningful way on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And so we made that method up, that change, because we thought that was more prudent and also to understand how the business was really going. When you look at the second half of the year, we expect to have a strong second half of the year, good results. We talked about a few of the items that you have to take into consideration, but we feel like when you look at all the data that we've seen, we feel confident that the range that we've given you is something that we're going to deliver when you get to the second half. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, this is Richard and I think that to start with, Chris, what you said is right. When you look at the first half of the year, we're right on plan. The U.S. business is adapting well. International continues to, as Jim mentioned, to have good growth, and supply chain is recovering. As we looked, though, at the current data, what we also noticed is although we are seeing some positive trends in many of the different industry types in B2B, we're a little challenged because the number of stores that are closing is having an impact on growth in the B2B. And so the forecast for B2B, if you go back earlier in the year to today, is not quite as strong because of retail sales and also because industrial production forecasts were higher even three months ago to where they are today. So we took that information and we looked at that against also some of the items that we called out that won't repeat in the second half of the year and we put it all together and we just didn't see enough new data that would suggest at this time we should adjust guidance. Obviously, as in the past, if more information comes in and it's appropriate to suggest a change, we would communicate it appropriately. But, at this point, based on – we're adjusting to how the volume and the customer demand is changing and we feel comfortable with where we're at.
Richard N. Peretz: Sir, and I'll take that. This is Richard. I think the first thing that I want to say is that we spent a lot of time, actually several years, evaluating different options to look at how do we manage the liability, remain competitive in the market from a benefit standpoint, and as we announced just over a month ago, we're moving to a pay-as-you-go 401k plan effective January of 2023. It will change our risk profile. It will allow us to have more predictable and sustainable costs. It does reduce our future liabilities on the current balance sheet. And we'll also lower our exposure to the discount rates. As discount rates change, we see both expense change on pension as well as the liability side, as well as the change that PBGC has made with increasing costs that we're having to put into the plan, but it doesn't go to the employees. For 2017, there is no change to the guidance because we have spent a few years on this and we knew we were making this announcement in June. There is no additional discretionary contributions to pension, and the reason there isn't is because we made them in the first quarter, as I talked about on the last call. That was because of the PBGC premiums and taking advantage. Now, upon announcement, we did have to remeasure the liabilities, and what we saw was discount rates were down about 32 basis points from the end of the year to the end of June. At the same time, because the equity markets have been stronger, we did see some offset from the higher return. Finally, when I put all of this together, it's really hard to talk about what it's going to do in future years because until you know what discount rates are doing, you don't really have an impact on your financials five years out. But what I can tell you is we spent a lot of time trying to balance what is right for our employees – most of them spend their careers at UPS, as well as managing the risk profile and the liabilities for UPS as a whole. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz: So, actually, a lot of these buildings are over multiple periods. And what we talked about in the investor conference is over the next three to five years, there would be somewhere around – between 28 million square feet that and 35 million square feet that would go in over the three to five-year period. And then talk David had this morning, he talked about we've announced almost 4.5 million square feet in 2017. Over the last year and a half, we've actually announced about 7.5 million square feet that's currently under construction, and just about 5.5 million square feet will open in 2018. Overall, it is in the guidance of the increase to 6% to 7% per CapEx of revenue, and that's really because you saw now for the last four quarters in the U.S., we've been having close to 5% or greater revenue growth. We need these buildings in order to continue to grow. These growth rates are higher than our historical average and we talked in the investor conference about the importance of growth and, at the same time, with our high return on invested capital, these assets will continue to allow us to nurture not only the ROIC, but also grow the top line and bottom line. So we're on a path for the next three to five years. It's something we laid out at the investor conference and we are looking forward to that 5.5 million square feet opening next year.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So actually, just to step back for a moment, in 2017, we went to a – we were, historically, before 2017, used a collar approach and it was a stock market transaction. What we did in 2017 is to do a transition because starting in 2018 we'll go to a dollar cost averaging where we're spreading it over a 36-month period. What that means is the year-over-year comparisons won't have big variations. But what it means for 2017 is that we do have a collar. The increase over the last, probably few weeks, where the dollar has lost between 6% and 8% of the value is inside the collar. So for the hedge currencies, what that means is it's going to be right where we expected it to be, and for the unhedged, you'll have a slight difference in the overall. Now, if you recall, we called out during the first quarter, we had about $119 million drag from currency. This quarter, $114 million. Until the quarter closes, and each month closes, I won't know what the drag is and how much it changes because the most recent changes will impact July, and then whatever happens is going into August and September. But because we give you that new schedule in our web schedules, that will allow you to see. And as it comes down, we'll obviously communicate that, but right now, we're sitting at about $117 million this morning. And that's right in the collar range that we had already set out. But with the new program, the most important part is we won't see this year after year starting in 2018. And it's also important to remember when you look at the International business, we have an 18.4% margin even with the drag from currency, so we continue to have industry-leading margins because all the work Jim and his team is doing in growing the business and growing exports.
Richard N. Peretz: That's correct. And when we evolve to this new weighted average, we actually had explained that by doing that we would remove – that because what happens is for basically two-thirds of the comparison period, it's the same currency year-over-year. It's only the head and the tail that will be different from the timing standpoint.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, I'll start with the lease accounting and tell you that we are in the process, it's a 2019 implementation of preparing all of the leases that will have to be put on to the balance sheet according to the new accounting standard. Step back for a moment though and those kind of leases for UPS, while they'll be large because we are a large company, aren't large categories. For example, we're an integrator that owns our aircraft and we own an aircraft within our company. So when you see deposits, for example, we put those into the CapEx early because that's – we are putting in the deposits before we take ownership. There are other companies around the world that don't always own their planes or they're off balance sheet so they have a different preparation than we would have. That being said, it's a tremendous effort that we are going through and at the appropriate time when it's all put together, but like I said, we have more than a year-and-a-half till we get there. In terms of the capital, if you go back to our investor conference presentations, we did talk about the growth rate and as I mentioned, the last four quarters in the U.S. have grown almost 5% or more, which is above our historical norm on revenue. And you'll see that we continue to believe that what we're doing from an investment side is helping to support a flexible network ability to do more capacity and it's all part of the smart logistics network that we're creating and so we feel very comfortable with the 7.5 million square feet that we have under construction and the announcement that somewhere between 28 million and 35 million square feet will be completed, that we're building this really for the tremendous opportunity of e-commerce and how that's moving, shopping, from physical stores to online.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, if you – Allison, if you think about some of the things we laid out at the investor conference around the faster growth but also the solutions, things like that network planning tool, is really about the ability to adjust because one of the challenges in this online environment is understanding distribution patterns because they're not based on historical. Some years you have heavier buyers in one part of the country than another. So the network planning tool allows us to make the adjustments in real time. You think about what we're doing with Orion and the automation in the buildings, but when you look across the entire portfolio of CapEx, we're really building a network that's going to allow us to grow in a substantial way over the next three years to five years. And then on top of that, between synthetic density, Access Points, My Choice, all of those are about helping the transaction to be completed for the end user in a way that's convenient and gives them some choice in how they receive their package. So we feel like we've laid out a good roadmap. We feel like we're taking into account the structural shift from physical stores and we're going through the process, as I said, a moment ago, and building those buildings that we need to make this all work as online continues to grow faster. We're going to take...
Richard N. Peretz: Yeah, so Jeff, this is Richard. And, very specifically, shares do decline. You have different periods when you're increasing your shares for their compensation plans versus the even buying back. But there is a decline this year in shares of 4 million to 5 million shares. And remember, it's an average that you use in your calculations, not where you are at the spot when it occurs.
Alan Gershenhorn: Hey. This is Alan. I'm going to take that question. As you know, we were continuing to see strong year-over-year growth. We are growing market share with the service offering that we have in place. The service levels remain consistently high and we're continuing to innovate with technological solutions. The GL market is tightening, but the asset-light model is providing flexibility in the up-and-down cycles. We do have pressure on the contractual committed freight, but we also see opportunities and upside with the backup in spot markets. The key here is that the connectivity remains a real strength for us, both from a customer value creation and a synergy perspective. Our synergies are on track. We expect to get about $100 million for 2017 and that's coming in the form of procurement, back haul, asset utilization, cross-selling, and organizational synergies. And then, last, I'll just say that the cross selling is really producing several great wins this year and we are targeting the rich opportunities in the UPS customer base, specifically on the small/medium business side for greater yields. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So, this is Alan. I'll take that question. As we noted, the B2B in the second quarter expanded slightly versus last year. So we saw low-single digit growth there and we saw improvement across many industry segments. From a quarter-over-quarter basis, we are back in positive territory so we did see a good sequential jump off the negative results the last couple of quarters. Our e-commerce customers are driving both B2C and B2B shipments higher. Returns growth continues to be strong. And then on the Air side, you saw our Air growth was really the story this quarter with Next Day Air growing at 6.4% and Deferred growing at 11%. So we are seeing good growth there also. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, David. Yes, as you noted, the base pricing did come in at the higher end of our 2% to 3% range. That both happened in U.S. and International, when you look at International currency neutral. So certainly the GRI, the Dim weight, the additional handling and then our ongoing focus on contract management is paying off. Specifically, to peak, as you know, the peak season surcharge is really designed to compensate for the additional cost that we incur during peak with the volume increases, the temporary capacity enhancements that we need to meet the service levels that David talked about a bit earlier. And while these rate increases, even for a short time, are rarely welcome, our customers really understand and appreciate the value of our network, what we do to provide the service and the capacity for them at peak and year around as well as the cost of doubling of the network. The peak surcharge just – a few details here. The surcharge is designed to hit the most impacted weeks where we surge in both residential and large packages. And so, for Ground, it's three weeks of the five weeks of peak and for Air, it's only one week, the last week, and then for large package it's five. And our expectations are to have high compliance with the peak season surcharge.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So, this is Alan. I'll take that. Yes, so as you know, we saw premium Next Day Air revenue grew at over 7% and Deferred grew at about 13.5%. There's a couple of things going on there. First, our customers are really responding and enjoying our continual expansion of the Next Day Air and Next Day Air's early service to more postal codes to anybody else out there in the market. And so our market leadership in Express and premium Next Day Air supports our healthcare, high-tech, and professional services segment customers, and strategies. In fact, now, and for the last few quarters, UPS is the air market volume leader. On the other hand, the Next Day Saver, the UPS Ground, Deferred Air are focused to support our e-commerce and retail customers, and so when you look at our air products and how we have them positioned, along with the integrated portfolio with the ground, we have the industry segments that need that premium service identified and we are making some real gains there. And then we're also addressing the opportunity for the Next Day and Deferred Air opportunities for the e-commerce type of customers. So thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. This is Alan. I'll take the first part on Marken and this really kind of falls back in with the last question in terms of the premium air service, because Marken is the premium service when it comes to being able to handle clinical trials. If you folks remember back in February at the last investor conference, we discussed healthcare being one of the three growth verticals that we're targeting and it represents about $70 billion in global opportunity. And certainly, the acquisition of Marken plays right into that. They're the market leader in clinical trials and we couldn't be happier. They are enabling our healthcare vertical to immediately deepen and expand our global clinical trials logistics footprint. They're retaining independent operating status. We're seeing excellent growth in connectivity already. UPS and Marken together now are the only clinical trial logistics provider with the hybrid model that's leveraging UPS's world-class Express services and the other valuable parts to the UPS network like brokerage along with Marken's outstanding high service network. We see significant opportunities with cross-selling. Also some bridging over to the commercial side with hospital, labs, and CRO opportunities. So it's really working. And I'll pass it over to Jim for the second part of the question on distribution.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. So we are the B2B market leader in the U.S. and our B2B customer base is spread across many, many industries. The industrial manufacturing, automotive, healthcare, high-tech, professional services and then also retail. Now the – now while retail stores closing is also a drag, we're also seeing with some of our more successful retailers ship to store where they're blending through an Omnichannel way their B2B and their B2C and encouraging their customers in fact, incenting them to pick their goods up in the stores which is driving actually more small package to those particular stores than in the past as compared to other shipments like truckload and LTL. And with that I'll pass the second part of the question over to Rich.
