Jim Barber: We've talked over the years about the network in Europe. David referenced it in his opening comments. I think the key to our success in Europe has been and will continue to be making sure the network and the service and product offerings are best-in-class. And so that means always maintaining the network, putting the speed in and making sure that the customers feel the benefit of that. And as you've seen over the years they have said that. Obviously the marketplace is changing in Europe. We know that as well, so it forces us to continue to relook and reevaluate everything we do. The margins, they've always been strong. I think I will flip it to Richard to talk a little bit about the margins, as well.
Jim Barber: So David, thanks for that one and Helane, as well. I think I get this question every day quite frankly over the last couple of months. But to give you a little bit of backdrop on it I go back and just remind you of something here. Back in 2008 when we bought LYNX it was our choice in the UK to strengthen that market, to feed the network we talk about a lot and obviously also feed that country and the consumers. It took us a couple of years to get it done. We were done in 2010 and although we don't talk much about country-level performance I think this question will get us pretty close to it. I could just tell you that from the years 2010 through 2015 that UK operation for us is best-in-class in many ways that we measure our business. So that acquisition and integration that took us about three years has paid dividends for many, many, many years now. Brexit we don't see changing that for that market, quite frankly. Our job is to continue that priority, number one, to take care of that economy and the consumers, our employees and the shareholders and link it into that European network. So that is priority one. The issue obviously becomes what the free-trade agreement is set up to be. Don't forget a couple of things from my perspective, one is there are many, there's a number of free-trade agreements in that union, as well. You've got the Norway model, you have got the Swiss model and you've got the EU model. So how it unfolds we will see but there are various models that could unfold. We've analyzed scenarios as far left as the WTO setup all the way back to something close to what they have today. In the end I think our priority is to advise and advocate and support consumers at the free-trade agreements are finalized in the coming years and then continue to whatever happened support that market in the network. I think we could easily say there will be somewhat more complexity but I think our job is to simplify the complex in a network for consumers and continue the great service. And that's what we plan to do as that unfolds.
Jim Barber: Certainly the Asia market it also continues to change. It's the biggest market out there from a China perspective, we currently quite frankly are seeing very, very nice and actually momentum picking up in our middle-market growth based upon the solutions we're providing to the Chinese consumer as their model shifts at the same time. Certainly the network that we have in place has served us well for many years. This quarter overall I think the block hours were down about 0.5%. You saw in the early opening comments of the call this morning and the releases that the export volume continues to grow at UPS. That includes our Asia-Pacific region as well as our Latin America region at the same time. So we continue on. One of our big focuses out there is our intra-Asia network. It's a great opportunity for us. We laid that in in 2010. We think it has lots more upside. We will continue to do that and really align that, as well, to the emerging markets strategy that David just referenced a minute ago that we continue to invest in and I'm confident we will be referencing on the calls to come. So I appreciate the question.
Richard Peretz: I do want to point out that the margin of 19.9% is very strong and it does include that multiyear hedge that we've talked about on the call the last few quarters. So I want to remind you that even adjusting for that we're still over a 17.5% margin which is the highest of any player in the industry. And along that route if you recall the currency we've been using a multiyear hedge strategy and what happened is in 2015 you saw a lot of volatility and the euro go to the dollar from $1.35 down to $1.11. So 2017 will be a transition year where we expect to have somewhere around $300 million impact for the change in the currency. We have moved to a different hedge strategy because of the volatility has increased so much on currency where we're using more of a rolling average so that year over year going forward will not see these dips if you see a lot of volatility in currency. But overall that 17.5% is really a result of all the efforts of Jim and his folks really putting together and making adjustments in the network and at the same time the quality of revenue that we're bringing in.
Richard Peretz: I think the first thing to keep in mind here is that we continue to see margin expansion. Because of operating days, how holidays fall, things like that, it's not a linear movement of the expansion of the margin but over the year to year we have kind of guided that we continue to see improvement and expect to see improvement going forward, as well. When you look at the third quarter specifically, there is one less workday and that does have an impact, as well as last year we had some Worker's Comp. credits that won't repeat this coming year. So when you take all of that into account you have to look at and we did at the beginning of year understanding how the quarters would look and what we saw is that we need to make sure that you guys had some transparency to understand that workday shifts some of the profit around. And if you look at this quarter this quarter we had a good improvement and that improvement was really driven by the operational improvements. Even though we saw so much volatility in fuel this year in the second quarter, we actually saw a 25% increase in fuel from April to June. So we were chasing the revenue. But when you step back and look at what we expect for the fourth quarter we're going to have a strong fourth quarter. We're putting our plans in place and we look forward to completing 2016 very much like we told you we would at the beginning of the year.
Richard Peretz: So, first, if we step back if you recall when we guided this year and what we've seen through the year is we have seen some softness in the macro measures. Everything has kind of come down each quarter of this year and so we take that into account, obviously, with how we think about this year. The good part about this year is even with that softness we're putting initiatives and investments in that are bringing returns. And that's why we're able to leave our guidance right where we expected to be at the first part of the year. That being said, we're in a multiyear process of investments both in the ORION that David talked about in his talk as well as the hub automation and how that will continue. So all of those things are about putting together the multiyear process of where we're going to improve the margin that we laid out really at the end of 2014. We're putting those investments in. Those investments are paying the return we expected. And we just expect as we get more of that integrated into our network we will continue to see the benefits of that. So we feel very comfortable where we're at. We know we're on a roadmap for the next few years and we're following that roadmap.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Tom. What I will do is I will start off and then I will hand it off to Myron to talk specifically about the benefits he's seen. But when you think about the investment and when we've been on the road talking about ORION we have talked about that later this year we will complete, call it, the first phase of ORION. And then we're investing the dollars in, call it, Phases 2 and 3 and 4. But on top of that it's not just the investment in ORION, it is also the investment in hub automation and what that does to the network. So we're using those investment dollars and the additional expense that we were using to train up for ORION in other ways so that we get the end result. And that's kind of what we talked about at the end of 2014 and we continue to talk about each year. We're investing in our network and it's pulling through when you see the reduction in miles and things like that. But the next phase is additional capabilities that will save money and then additional features by having the hub mod and then there are some other things that we're working on, as well, that is just a little too early to go into. With that I'm going to send it to Myron to talk just a little bit about what he's seen operationally with the results of ORION.
Richard Peretz: And we're seeing the savings and if you just step back for a moment and look, year over year we continue to see the margin expansion. The margin expansion is a direct result of all the things Myron just talked about. We will continue to see those improvements. And it is a net positive but we also are spending some of the savings in order to invest in the next phase and the next capability. Those are all important pieces. And that's why my comment a few minutes ago about the margin will improve year over year, it won't always be linear by quarter. And so that's an important part because we're investing for new capabilities and to continue to bend the cost curve because of the investments we're making and the plans we have for the next few years.
Richard Peretz: This is Richard. I think when you start and you look at where we're at year to date first of all on earnings per share we're at about 8.5% growth in earnings per share on a target of 5% to 9%. So we're pleased with where we're for the first half of the year. We're actually right in line with where we expect it to be. But when we look at guidance there is really two factors we're looking at. The first is the external and what's happening on the external measures. Because our volume does have some correlation, especially when you get to B2B, to what's happening with both domestic GDP, things like industrial production and things like that. And they all have softened somewhat from first quarter to second quarter. The other side of it, of course, is what's happening internally, the things Myron has talked about in his operation and those improvements that we're seeing. So we put all that together and we say do we have economic assumptions are realistic and how are we benefiting from the initiatives that we have implemented. So we think we balance all that. And that is what we're seeing in 2016, we're seeing a nice balance where we're making up for some softness externally with what we're doing internally. And that's allowed us to grow our earnings per share for six quarters in a row and we will continue to work those plans for guidance going forward.
Richard Peretz: This is Richard and I will start with the first question on the guidance for 2017. I think the important thing is as we had said that as we move forward we have continued initiatives that will continue to improve the operating margin. That being said obviously different segments things will happen and growth rates might have to be adjusted. It's a little early to talk about exactly what's going to happen. And that's really because there's a lot of things going on in volatility of currency, too. So the year here we're in end of July we have time still and if you tell me where in November the dollar/euro is or the sterling/dollar that will be a lot about the story of how much variation, that's why we say the plus or minus numbers. An important thing is that we have a plan, it will improve by segment. Our first priority is to reinvest in this business because of the strength of the Company. We continue to deliver the highest ROIC and the highest margins in the business and our plan is to continue to do that. We will continue to do that while at the same time having dividends of over 3% or around 3%. So as we get closer to the 2017 I will guide you appropriately but we're in the middle of putting all those plans together. And your second question around the percentage of our share of any one customer is something that we obviously continue to win customers based on our strategy to win customers. We don't comment on any one customer but you can see our volume growth for the U.S. was up about 2.5%. You adjust for fuel we saw revenue growth about 3.4%, so it was a strong quarter. We laid out for you how we think the fourth quarter is going to look and that's another strong quarter. And we're going to end up delivering on the guidance numbers that we gave you at the beginning of the year and I think that's the most important thing.
Myron Gray: So Nate, the process itself is going well and we continue to realize 20% to 25% productivity improvements as we go along. Keep in mind this is a multiyear, multiphase implementation. And you've heard about some of the cities that we introduced earlier in Richard's comments. Our goal is to automate the top Tier 1 hubs and there is approximately 30 of them in the U.S. That process is as much as 60% of our volume. Three of those automated hubs are in our air operation and the remainder will be in the ground. All new hubs moving forward will be built using an automated design and the second phase of it will be to go to the Tier 2 hubs and automate them, as well. So we feel very good about the progress that's being made and we're on plan and a go-list to get it completed no later than 2020.
Myron Gray: Tom, let me start with we expect to be 100% fully deployed by the end of 2016 with ORION. And we will continue to see the benefits that we've alluded to earlier, more than eight miles per driver in savings. For example, this quarter we saw our delivery stops growing more than 3% on 2.5% average daily volume gains. However, we were able to reduce our miles driven by 3/10 of a percent which helped keep our costs per piece down by 2/10 of a percent. So as the volume continues to grow our wages are growing at a lesser pace than the volume. So we're continuing to see benefits and that's Phase 1. Phase 2 will actually begin in the back half of this year, well into 2017 and we hope to have the Phase 2 completed by 2017 when we hope to see additional benefits from ORION. And, again, that's just one of many technology projects that we will continue to roll out that should help us continue to bend the cost curve, so we're real pleased with what we're seeing.
Myron Gray: Ben, as you are well aware the LTL market for the last 16 consecutive months has experienced softness. And our customer base is telling us that they have high inventory levels. In addition to that with high inventory levels the opportunity for restocking is soft as well. All those things considered, we believe that we have the appropriate scale at UPS Freight. We will have and continue to monitor the market and make the appropriate adjustments and make the right business decisions moving forward in terms of whether or not to expand our scale. Thank you.
David Abney: This is David. I just want to stress that ORION is one of these things that it's the gift that keeps on giving. So what we have seen with ORION is we're seeing benefits that are greater than what we originally believed and that continues to reinforce itself every year. We have a lot more we're going to accomplish through ORION with the later versions and taking it to various countries. So we're very positive about ORION of the returns that we're getting and investments that we're making are certainly worth it. All right, next question.
David Abney: Okay, we have one last question and this is an online question from Tyler Brown. And it's about return logistics, reverse logistics and kind of two parts. Could you talk about what kind of growth rates you're seeing in return volumes? And talk a little bit about our capabilities on this front and do we need to do something to add to our capabilities. So Alan, if you would take that.
David Abney: So UPS performed well in the second quarter. We expanded our margins in our International and in our Domestic small package business. And very importantly we're investing today to ensure our future performance. So we're at the halfway point of the year. So to UPSers, this is half-time. And we have had a good first half, we were on plan but it's very important and we're all committed to our plans and confident in our 2016 guidance. So on behalf of the 435,000 UPSers around the world, thank you for your time today and for all of you thank you for investing in UPS. Thank you very much.
Alan Gershenhorn: So for the quarter we achieved our 2% to 3% range in our base pricing and the core pricing actually remains firm. We actually saw a bit of an acceleration from the first quarter. Keep in mind that some of the other phenomena we're seeing out there is the offset of about 100 basis points due to lower fuel surcharges and we're continuing to see changes in the customers and product mix and specifically the package characteristics as we bring more lightweight into the business. The other thing I would say is that we saw even with some of those package characteristics and customer product mix challenges we did see margin improvement overall in the U.S. Domestic business. So we think the base rate improvements remains steady and they will continue to remain that way and core pricing right now is firm. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Just a quick update on Coyote, certainly their customers and our customers and new customers are responding very well to the new Coyote and UPS combined value prop. For the quarter we continue to see strong year-over-year growth in loads and our gross margin has also expanded for the quarter. As I think we all know the truckload market remained soft but certainly this asset-light model has provided some great flexibility in the up-and-down cycles. And then just lastly, I will say that as far as the synergies related to the acquisition we're seeing some good work happening there in procurement, asset utilization, cross-selling and then organizational synergies that are benefiting both Coyote and also our U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain & Freight segments and we're on track. And I guess I will turn it over to Myron to talk a little bit about the LTL.
Alan Gershenhorn: This is Alan. There are a number of things, first of all, that we're doing to improve density. And it's really part of the whole e-commerce value proposition and ecosystem that we've put in place. The UPS Access Points, UPS My Choice, the Synchronized Delivery Solutions and certainly SurePost Redirect which is now at about the 30% of those packages are being redirected back into the Ground network. On Access Points right now we will probably finish the year at about 27,000 Access Points globally and we continue to expand there. So when you think about bending the cost curve, I guess the 1/10 contributes to about $200 million in bottom-line cost if we when we increase the density by 1/10. And then I guess the last thing I will say is we continue to be bullish about Access Points and we're expanding the current model. And as you probably saw we invested in our locker expansion after some tests we ran last year and we're laying in 300 lockers into the United States. And your point about urban America and urban anywhere in the world, lots of consumers out there have challenges receiving packages at home in urban areas and the Access Points and the lockers is a great solution for them and it also benefits UPS.
Alan Gershenhorn: On the commercial B2B side we did see a slight increase. The good news is we've seen a slight increase the last few quarters there. It's mainly being driven actually by the retail sector and returns but we're seeing some growth in some other areas. Wholesale, healthcare and professional services are some of the other areas and then also consumer and home goods. As you know industrial production, as David indicated, was pretty soft and B2B is really being driven now by retail and some of those other sectors that I have spoken about. I think our investments really in some of these sectors including healthcare are helping us gain share in that particular area. So kind of outrun the economic challenges. Then, lastly, our B2C business is about 45% of our business today.
Alan Gershenhorn: I think again everyone knows on a call that we made a strategic enterprise fund investment a few quarters back in a company named Deliv which is a retail-to-consumer same-day B2C delivery company that actually uses the excess capacity out there in the market with people that have vehicles that want to participate in that program, similar to what's happening on the ride sharing part of the economy there. They are a leader in this new space and we're excited to learn more from that. The other thing I would say is that Coyote is really a technology platform that's doing the same thing. It's matching up excess capacity in the marketplace from thousands upon thousands of carriers that have backhaul excess capacity and we're providing a similar service with Coyote. So we're excited about that in the heavier truckload type business as well as for prospects potentially on the pickup and delivery side.
Alan Gershenhorn: A couple of points on your question. First the holiday offerings here in July were pretty widespread amongst a whole number of retailers. And I think we will see more and more of that, certainly in this summer time frame but also in other parts of the year, to drive growth in the e-commerce sector for these retailers which is critically important for them. Certainly the e-commerce growth drives significant growth in our Ground business and our SurePost business and then on the overnight and Deferred side mainly in the Saver and the Second Day Air business. But the key here is that we've got this great portfolio, so when a customer absolutely has to have it they are usually willing to pay for that and we have the full gamut of services to get those goods to them when they want it and we have the more economical alternatives along with some of the value ads like UPS Access Point, UPS My Choice and omnichannel that really drive those retailers and those consumers to UPS. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: First, our premium Next Day Air products grew at nearly 6% and the Ground was up more than 2%. So certainly our customers are responding to the continual expansion of our Next Day Air and our Next Day Early service to more postal codes. In fact, all of our Next Day Air services experienced growth. On the other hand, Saver, Ground and SurePost and certainly Deferred are focused more on the e-commerce and retail customers. And so on the Deferred side you really need to look at it on a two-year stacked basis we almost grew 15% following strong double-digit growth in 2015. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: As I said earlier returns growth has been strong, it's in the mid-teens. And as you all know returns is very good business for us because customers tend to drop those packages off, so we have high density pickups at those drop-off locations and then high density deliveries back to the retailers. UPS has some of the most technology-advanced transportation return services with things like Returns on the Web, RS1, RS3 print label return. So when it comes to label generation, shipping, tracking, visibility, enabling speedy refunds for the consumers for customer experience we've got some of the best returns solutions in the business. Combine that with the UPS Stores, the UPS Access Points, the lockers, the other alliance partners, UPS drop boxes, there are millions of packages being returned or being delivered to those drop-off locations casting that wide net. And again I just tie that back to the whole e-commerce ecosystem that we have that really benefits retailers and consumers and makes UPS the e-commerce transportation Company of choice. Thanks to the question.
