Carol Tome: Yes. Happy to take the Amazon question. Thank you, Amit. We have a very good relationship with Amazon. They are our largest customer. And as we talked about at the end of the fourth quarter, we’ve reached agreement with Amazon about the packages that we will take into our network and the packages that they will deliver on their behalf. And it’s a mutually beneficial relationship. As it relates to their latest announcement, we see that as a very clever marketing play by Amazon, but just putting Amazon Prime badge on a SMB website, if the website even exists, doesn’t put that much risk to us, we believe.
Carol Tome: And I just want to give a shout out to our operators in the U.S. for managing through this very choppy volume environment to have pieces per hour flat when volumes up and down in a quarter is, is just as a sign of agility. And as to your question about levers, we are able to manage hours very well. If there were to be sustained volume down and we’re not counting on that. But if that were the case, then we would actually take head cut out. But now we’re just managing the hours and doing a matchable job of it.
Carol Tome: So in terms of our confidence of the volume and getting better, the comparisons do get easier, Scott, for sure. But we also are winning in the marketplace because of the service we provide. And I'm super proud of our sales team, who are out there knocking on doors, bringing back customers, some of which candidly had left us but they love the service that we provide, they're coming in a great revenue quality and that's very important too. So we have – we feel very good about what we see coming into the network. And I just want to go back and talk a moment about DAP. Our DAP revenue grew over 50% and in the first quarter that – that platform is on fire and we're taking it outside of the United States now, which is very exciting and in our case looking forward to having DAP come to Europe. So we're well on our way to get to that $2 billion DAP target by the end of this year. In terms of sustained pricing, pricing is really a function of demand and supply, and there still is a demand and supply imbalance, particularly in certain geos around the world, where for whatever reason be it COVID, or labor shortages, or just challenges, the service levels are there. We price for the service that we provide and are not seeing any pressure on the pricing environment right now.
Carol Tome: I would say, interestingly in the SMB space, it's now split 50:50, commercial-residential. And we saw our commercial business grow almost 4% in the first quarter. So we're going to take every opportunity to win in that space as well because service matters to that customer base.
Carol Tome: We want the business to be the best of our context as that meets the needs of the customers. And so, we haven't declared what that mix should be, but that's actually a pretty interesting challenge for us as team at our June strategy meeting to think about what – where – what do we want declare that mix to be.
Carol Tome: So we haven't updated the market sizing in any material way since our June Investor Day. And when we do, we will certainly share that with you.
Carol Tome: So we don't have direct insight to the consumer behavior. It's more from what we're hearing from our customers, who are telling us there has been a bit of a shift from goods to services. And you're probably experiencing that if you've gone on vacations, it seems like the hotels are full, all the planes are full, and people are going out to eat. And gosh I was in Washington, D.C. last week, and the bar was hoping at midnight. So people are spending money differently than they would. But as it relates to the guidance that we've given and we feel good about the volume that's coming back into our network and the guidance that we've laid out.
Carol Tome: Yes. What I've asked the team to do is to tell me how fast they can go because the – the capital is not going to get in the way of speed here. Automation is critically important to deliver service for our customers as well as drive productivity. Of the automation activities we have underway, be it automated label application or automated bagging or robotic sort induction, it's a head count opportunity this year alone of 1,200 people inside our buildings and that's going to double next year and continue to take off. So we're not going to let perfection get in the way, good enough here. We're going to go fast. As it relates to cybersecurity, that's the one budget I will not touch. We continue to invest in cyber. It's a scary time for all of us, but we are leaning in from a cyber perspective. Clearly, if you think about the challenges coming out of Eastern Europe, we have taken every system down. So we're at no risk there. But of course, we could – we have attacks on our company every day, but our cyber team does a masterful job awarding off those attacks. And we're spending a lot of money to ensure that we protect our customer data, our personal information of our people and all the incredible pricing information that we have that gives us a competitive advantage. So knock on wood, of course, because every company is vulnerable here, but we're certainly investing in protection.
Carol Tome: We freed up some capacity in our network to allow us to go out and win, where in the past couple of years, it was harder because of peak gating, there's only so much volume a company like UPS can take into the network during peak. You only have so many doors for cars, you only have so many buildings, but because we've freed up some capacity, we can actually give our customers more peak availability that's allowing us to win with great revenue quality. So right now, we don't view that the revenue quality is at risk. And remember there is still a demand/supply imbalance, and it's exasperated in certain parts of the country. So we are winning because of the SurePost.
Carol Tome: So if we look at our fuel surcharge, as Brian mentioned is just part of our overall pricing algorithm and yes, it does move off of the weekly change in the PPG index. But to that, we add a pricing modifier. So think of it known differently than a demand surcharge or a network surcharge or just a plain price. And people are willing to pay for this because of the service we provide. If we look at the impact to our business in the first quarter for the domestic business alone, 55% of the fuel benefit came from changes in the PPG index. 45% of the benefit came from actions that we took from a pricing perspective. We are always thoughtful about changes in pricing of course. We price for the services we provide. Many of our published prices, as you know, are also discounted. So I think that's something you need to keep in mind too, as you think about, are you adjusting too frequently? We price for the services we provide and then we also will discount, but just on a discounting, if I could, we mentioned the new tool that we just introduced to, which we call bill manager. And this is providing pricing analytics to our sales team as they go about negotiating deals. And in fact, as we looked at our pilots, 41% of our volume one and our volume rate wins or volume wins have increased from where they were trending. The discounting is lower in 41% of the volume wins than it had been using our old pricing science. So science rules in many ways, when it comes to pricing, you ask a lot of questions here about elasticity and what are you doing with pricing, science really rules here as we think about providing the best overall equation for our customers.
Carol Tome: So the $500 million cost out target related to what we call non-ops or overhead and we initially had $1 billion target in which we delivered $500 million last year, we're going to do it again this year. So that's tracking as we laid out, very proud of the team for that. When you introduce technology, it can free up a lot of manual activities. And we're really all about putting our resources where we can get the highest return. As it relates to the RFID technology, boy, we were worried about putting it in this year because of supply chain jams, but we were able to procure all the batteries and labels that we need. So we will get it up this year before peak and a hundred of our centers. And what this will do long-term for us, it looks pretty powerful, wave one alone. It will eliminate all the manual scans done by our pre-loaders. If that doesn't drive productivity, I don't know what will, and it will avoid all the miss sorts, when a package gets miss sorted and it goes into the wrong package car, that's not a very good experience for our customer and it actually just a drag on productivity. So really excited about where that's going to take us long-term and the project is on tech. Nando is also driving what he calls total service, which is running this network, which was designed for perfection at perfection. We haven't been there for lots of reasons, COVID and all kinds of reasons, but it's pretty powerful because if you think about just delays and traffic or delays leaving the package centers, it can cost a hundred of millions of dollars that relate. So running the network for the way it was designed is powerful and Nando just kicked this off. And will bringing you up to speed along this initiative as we go along.
Carol Tome: Well, look, I applaud the retail stores who are doing a masterful job of offering buy online pickup in a store, buy online return in store, come to my store, come to my store, come to my store because if they don't get traffic into their store, well, they'll deleverage that fixed cost. And then we'll have to close stores. So I admire what they're doing, but there's still been a permanent shift in customer preferences. Customers want to shop when, where, and how they want to shop. And they want their packages delivered to them when, where, and how they want them. It might be inside of the store. It might be at their home or at their workplace or at a consolidated pickup point. So we're not going to see the kind of growth that we experience during COVID clearly, but e-commerce sales will continue to grow. We want to serve that customer, but we also want to serve the commercial customer because that's a very good customer for us. So while we may have said a 60/40 mix, the mix is going to go where the volume is, and we will lean into that growth appropriately.
Brian Newman: Carol, I think you covered it well. The only thing I would add is one point in international though, we did prove agile with the COVID lockdowns in Asia, as you referenced. We were able to move some of that aircraft and airlift over to Europe. And as I mentioned, the Europe to U.S. air lane was up 10%. So moving the equipment despite the volume softness, I think plays very well in the integrated network.
Brian Newman: Sure. Happy to Jordan. Good morning. We do have cost inflation and pressures like everyone else out there and obviously payroll and benefits and fuel are the two biggest in our system. But we are driving productivity, as we think about it. We’re leveraging automated facilities. We’re bringing two automated hubs online this year, one in Pennsylvania, one in California and that will allow us to leverage automated bagging, label applications, et cetera. Carol’s talked before about the smart package, smart facility. We’re rolling that out in 2022. And so that will be a further driver of productivity this year as we think about it. And then within the quarter, ADV was actually down 3% as we mentioned, but hours per day were down 3%. So pieces per hour were basically flat. And then lastly, one of the things that the team is doing very effectively in the U.S., Jordan is the cube utilization, leveraging data to cube out the trucks. It reduced our loads per day better than the volume decline or outpaced it.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Todd. Yes, happy to talk about domestic margin. We’re sticking with the guidance I had given previously, which was 11.6% domestically for the full year. And it was pretty balanced, pretty close to that the first half and second half. We printed an 11.3% in the first quarter. We’re still holding to that 11.6% for the first half and we think the second half will look similar. So net-net up 90 bps in the first quarter, but looking for a 60 basis point improvement in the first half.
Brian Newman: Sure, so happy to. Look, in the first quarter, our resi B2C was 57% of the mix and commercial was 43%. We had guided for the full year to a 60:40 spread and we still think that's a pretty good number. As we think about mix changes in the business, we're looking for SMB to actually grow about 150 basis points improved from a mix perspective. We saw 140 in the first quarter, so we think that 150 is a good number. So Dave, I think as you split the year, a 60:40 on the resi to comm and about 150 improvement in the SMB is probably good – still stands.
Brian Newman: And just on the – Brian, the price sensitivity comment, no, I think, as Carol mentioned, probably the most important piece is the service we provide and with the service numbers we're printing not getting a lot of pushback on that because I think we're – from delivering good service. Also when you think about the pricing, there is a split, as I mentioned, between fuel and the base rate. So we're managing holistically, but I think the pricing holding firm is probably the guide.
Brian Newman: Yes. And I just pick up one point on the commercial. Certainly, the B2B from a density standpoint is better than the resi, so we like that. But you have to remember, SurePost was down 10%, so that's impacting the mix as well.
Brian Newman: Yes, Helane, happy to address the CapEx. We are holding at the $5.5 billion for the year, so not coming off that. There's a little bit of timing noise in the first quarter, so it looked like we understand, but that was simply timing. As far as where we're investing, certainly putting into automation that – that's the one area we're trying to double down in. On the technology side, some of those are OpEx versus CapEx investments. So in terms of splitting the type of investments we're making, but certainly we are – we have two large automated hubs going in this year. We're looking at the smart package, smart facilities, so we're investing there. Whatever we can do to drive more automation is a positive thing from a cost expense standpoint.
Brian Newman: So Ken, on the CapEx, I mentioned a minute ago that it was more timing related in terms of the year-over-year. I think it was about $300 million decline year-over-year in the first quarter. So that basically was just timing. So that won't impact us. We'll come back in the middle of the year and re-look the full year number, but as of now holding to the $5.5 billion in CapEx.
Brian Newman: So from a intra-Europe perspective obviously there's been a lot of dislocation with the conflict over there and – but as Carol mentioned at the top of the call, we had actually planned for volume growth internationally and it came down. So we continue to monitor the COVID situation lockdowns in Asia, the European geopolitical conflict and will continue to manage from a volume perspective. But we anticipate the second quarter to look somewhat like the first quarter from a volume perspective.
Brian Newman: Well, I think we did that in the first quarter, we were down 70 basis points on a margin perspective. And I think the full year guide was for down 60 basis points. So we were basically trending in line with our full year guide in the first quarter to do exactly what you just said.
