Carol Tomé: Yes. Thanks for the question on peak. As a leadership team, we’ve agreed, we are going to have an outstanding peak season. I participated in my first peak planning committee several weeks after I joined the company and very impressed by how we are planning to manage through, what could be a very peaky season, is about making sure that we’ve got our network aligned both on the high end and on the low end, because it’s uncertain out there. So we’re building an optionality, in terms of how we’re going to run the network. And then Kate with her team are talking to our customers customer-by-customer and how we will best manage through peak.
Carol Tomé: Yes. Absolutely happy to share some perspective. As Brian said, it’s – our operating margin in the U.S. domestic business could be lower in the back half of the year than what we reported in the first half of the year. Lot of uncertainty in the marketplace, of course, but we thought it was helpful for Brian to kick out some of the expense related items that we’re pretty sure will happen, because we’re not terribly sure about the demand side. Now longer term, this is where we’re very excited about what we’re going to do with our company. In my prepared remarks, I’ve talked about, it’s all about being better, not bigger. What do I mean by that? Well, just a couple of things. This may be a longer-winded answer then you’re looking for. But I’ll go ahead and take the opportunity to share with you, what I mean by that and what we mean by that. First, we are an engineering-driven company, you would expect us to be. But like any company who was 113 years old, we’ve over engineered much of what we’ve done. And I’ll give you an example of that, depending on how you define products, we have between 400 and 500 products. We kicked off a task force to say, really, are we selling all of those products? Because when you think about it, if you have between 400 and 500 products, you have to build systems and technology to support those products, you have to build accountants to account for those products. You have to have auditors who audit for those products. And then you have to have salespeople who sell those products. As we looked at it, and it’s very early days, we found that last year, there were over 100 of those products that we didn’t even sell. So we’re going to rationalize our product offering to make it simpler for our customers and reduce expense here. As we think about optimizing the network to your specific question on volume, it’s about being better, not bigger. What we have done in the past is built capacity or bought capacity, and the hope that demand would follow. And we would take demand at any cost or any price, if you will. Not necessarily nutritive demand. So let me give you an example of a change, that we’ve just launched this year. We love our air fleet and in fact, about 11% of our air fleet are wide-body planes, these are 747 planes. And we took advantage of those wide bodies in the second quarter. We were able to fly demand out of Asia at a very effective cost, because they’re wide bodies. We didn’t have to fly as many planes. So we had an opportunity to buy more of those 747s because they’re coming up production. And the question that we asked ourselves is, well, won’t that create excess capacity? And won’t we find that we’ll need to fill that capacity at perhaps non-nutritive ways. And the answer to that question was, yes. So we passed on that investment that in the past we might have made. So we’re going to really look to sweat the assets that we have to get more off of that investment that we’ve made over time. We will look to pivot the customer and the way we go-to-market to optimize the network. And I hope that answers your question.
Carol Tomé: Yes. The easy way to think about profit growth is of course with pricing increases. And as you know, we did take some short surcharge increases at the end of May, but it’s much more than pricing. It’s really about optimizing the network and leaning into the customer segments that value the end-to-end network that we offer. And one of those segments is small and medium-sized businesses. And you heard Brian talk about the growth that we saw in that space in the second quarter up 11%. As I look at our small and medium-size customer base, we divide it into four big segments D1 through D4, that’s based on customer size. D1 and D2 customer segments, we’ve got pretty good market share there. But in D3 and D4, we’re underpenetrated relative to our competitors. We have an opportunity to grow into that space, but we need some enabling capabilities. The number one enabling capability to grow into that space is time and transit. So when I came onto the company and I looked at our time and transit activities we used to call that Panthera. We now called our fastest time – our Fastest Ground Ever. I saw that, we were planning to conclude that investment in June of 2021. I asked the team, well, what’s getting in the way. What’s getting in the way of going faster and they said money, I’m like, well, we’ve got money. So we’ll accelerate the investment. We pull that investment into 2020. We will complete time and transit by October of this year. And that’s a big deal because 46% of our SMB customers or potential customers tell us, time and transit is the number one thing on their mind. When we’re done, we will be at parity or better in 20 of the 25 markets that matter in the U.S. We will reach 90% of the U.S. population in three days, 75% of the U.S. population will have Saturday delivery. And then of course, we have Sunday delivery through our SurePost product. This matters. And why am I focusing on SMB? Because the SMB customer values are end-to-end network and they pay us for it. As we think about leaning into SMBs, it’s not just about time and transit, however. It’s also about a better customer experience. This goes back to being better, not bigger. We had a couple of pilots that we launched to really understand that customer and what their wants, needs and desires were. We listened to them. We operationalized what they wanted. And in the pilots, we saw 2 percentage point reduction in churn. Now that matters because in this segment, for every reduction in churn, it’s $170 million in revenue. And that revenue is a much better quality than other revenue. So as we think about moving the U.S. operating margin up, there’s a real opportunity to lean into a different customer segment and to make sure that we’re getting value for the services we provide. That’s on the revenue side. But I must talk about the cost side too, for a moment, because we have opportunities there as well. We’ve talked to you in the past about Transformation 1.0. And we’re well down the path of Transformation 1.0. And in fact, if you look at it life to date, on a net basis after investing, we have delivered over $1 billion of savings in Transformation 1.0. That’s on a cumulative basis. If you tax effects that and use the outstanding shares, it’s about $0.95 of EPS on a cumulative basis. We’re not done. Productivity and efficiency must be the hallmark of UPS. So we have initial plans for Transformation 2.0 and 3.0, which when they are finalized, we will share those with you. We also are using technology to drive productivity and efficiency in our operations. And I can just give you a comment on how we’re seeing that perform. We’ve talked to you in the past about ORION. We have ORION 3.0 out. We’re seeing a reduction in the miles that our drivers are driving and a reduction in the per piece cost. Now this is virtuous, it’s continuous, but the combination of rightsizing the revenue and driving productivity and efficiency gives us a path to drive operating margin expansion in the U.S. This is a big company to turn. You can’t do it overnight, but if you look through 2020 into 2021 and beyond, you should expect the margin to start to go in the right direction.
Carol Tomé: We were thrilled with our performance in our international segments and we expect them to have a very good back half as well. That model is a very different model than the one we run in inside the United States. It’s an asset-light outside service provider model. So the margins will always be stronger outside of the United States than they are inside the United States. And we view that as a competitive opportunity for us, candidly. We’ve identified 10 growth markets that we will grow into. We’ll be updating you as those opportunities present themselves. In the second quarter, we did enter into an alliance with a firm in Mexico. We’re very excited about that, because that’s one of our top 10 growth markets and we will now have the leading capabilities in Mexico, both inside Mexico and exporting out. So look for good things to come out of our international.
Carol Tomé: I’m happy to do so. First, let me talk about my learnings during the last recession, which was housing-led recession. And my former employer, we felt it hard. They lost 25% of the top line during that recession. Two key learnings during that time. One, invest through the crisis. No better opportunity, if you have the financial wherewithal to do so, to invest through the crisis. So that when things settle down, you are positioned to take share. And that’s what we’re doing with time and transit. Our time and transit investment this year is $750 million. We could have canceled that. But we said, no, we’re going to pull that board. And we’re going to invest through the crisis. My second learning is to invest in your people. Now it doesn’t mean that you don’t have a fewer people in a downturn, but for those people that you have, you need to invest in. And if you looked at our population of UPSers, actually we’re down in Supply Chain and Freight, as you would expect, because the demand softened up there. But for the people who are left behind, we are investing in them, because it creates loyalty and better experience and better service for our customers. So we’re investing in incentives for our people. We’ve been promoting people. It pays huge dividends if you stay true to your people. Those are very good learnings in a downturn. Learnings as a retailer, is that when cost increases come your way, if you are a large retailer, you can pass those costs increases across the SKU base, and the customers don’t know. So while retailers may squawk at price increases that come their way, large retailers have a way to spread that across. And nobody knows. So there’s an opportunity here on the pricing side to do what we need to do. From a customer concentration perspective, I looked at our top 20 customers and their performance in the second quarter and of those top 20 customers, all but one group, the only one that didn’t grow was government. And I can’t tell you why, but it didn’t grow. But if I look at our top 20 customers who are retailers, who were predominantly store-based retailers, who when their stores closed and demand shifted online, well for those customers, they had triple-digit growth in the second quarter. Our largest customer did not have triple-digit growth. So that gives you some perspective on how we manage through customer concentration and how we’re thinking about optimizing the portfolio long-term.
Carol Tomé: I think the stability invest new, it’s not getting worse, not getting better, but it’s not getting worse on the pure B2B.
Carol Tomé: So again, our theme is better, not bigger, optimizing the capacity that we have. And we have capacity to handle the peak volume that we are anticipating this year. There are capacity constraints in the United States, which gives opportunity to manage through with pricing, also opportunities to manage with our customers. As a former retailer, I know this very well, how to manage through, when you have promotions, how long you have promotions, how you use your store base, how you use our access points. Don’t forget that we have over 15,000 access points that we can be used to address the capacity issues. So we are feeling very good about peak this year. And as we look forward, it’s about right-sizing optimizing the investments that we had before we think about continued investments in capital. It’s about being better, not bigger.
Carol Tomé: Well, on transformation 1.0, I think that’s what you’re referring to. We began that in 2018 and on a gross basis life to date, we recognized $2.5 billion of savings. We have reinvested a good piece of that. On a net basis $1.1 billion in savings and tax effected, it’s about $0.95 of EPS on a cumulative basis. That’s not enough, candidly. It’s great. Take credit for that. It’s not enough. We have initiatives underway, we’re calling it, Transformation 2.0 and 3.0 to drive continued productivity and efficiency in our company. Part of this will be enabled by technology. We are moving from my company as an example, that what was really stuck in a static business logic environment. And that resulted in a lot of overhead doing a lot of reports, looking through the rear view mirror to drive the company. We’re moving to analytical decisions science as Juan and his team, build out our digital factory, and that’s going to free up productivity. That will absolutely free up productivity. Until this year, believe it or not, we only had two IT releases a year. We now are moving into a continuous release as we move into a more agile environment. And that’s critically important in terms of taking costs out of this company. We used to code everything ourselves. We had every application running on a mainframe. We now only have four applications running on our mainframes, and we’re moving everything up to the cloud. We have 25 systems or applications in the cloud, another 20 in flight and more to do. This will get rid of some of the tech debt that we carry and free up expense dollars. There’s a lot going on. And the ability to transform the way we run our business. The thing that I’ve observed that haven’t quite cracked and we’re quite good at, we have absolutely no leverage in our [indiscernible] we need to drive more leverage and our payroll given it’s the largest expense that we have. Now, IT will help with that. And it certainly has helped, but we need to double down on how we can automate the inside of our facilities to drive more productivity. For example, I recently saw an automated label application by a robot. It was pretty cool. It’s not ready for prime time, the cost curve isn’t right. But it was pretty cool because the productivity of that arm was 50% higher than a human being. So imagine what we could do if we could drive some productivity and leverage in our payroll, it would be transformative. So expect to hear us talk about that over time.
Carol Tomé: Yes. I’m happy to do so. TSR for UPS is the name of the game. We are all in. And as a leadership team, this is what we talk about as we get together on a weekly, hourly basis. How can we get more out of the assets that we have invested? So thank you for mentioning that, I came to UPS for a few reasons. One, because I love this company; two, because I want to make an impact on our people and three, I want to get the stock price moving. It’s all about creating value for our shareholders. And you do that through effective capital allocation. It starts with how you allocate capital. And I will say that we have not gotten the returns that we should have delivered on some of the capital investments that we made. For all whole kinds of reasons, and it’s not – we don’t need to look back for those reasons, but looking forward, it’s just we’re going to have a different lens on how we allocate capital. As we’ve talked this morning, I gave an example of not buying aircraft to have excess capacity, that would have been value destroying. So we opted not to make that capital investment. We will get the network righted before we think about investing more dollars in the network. That suggests lower capital intensity going forward. To your question about, well, okay, great, I get the capital, which is the denominator side. How do you fix the numerator? Or how much cost can you take out? How you’re going to fix the revenue? How are you going to get the cost out? I don’t like anything unless it starts with a B, because it’s just not worth our time. We’re focusing on the wildly important here. So if it’s not worth – if it doesn’t start with a B, we’re not doing it. So that gives you a sense of the cost that we’re looking to take out.
Carol Tomé: The only thing I would add is that value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for. And if we’re spending on capital on enabling capabilities or services or products that they’re not willing to pay for, I don’t know why we would spend that capital. So we are bringing a different lens. It’s value defined by what the customer is willing to.
Carol Tomé: Just perhaps on the growth side. Our volume will be up in the back half. It’s just the growth rates won’t be the same. And I just want to make sure we’re really clear on that. I don’t want to have any confusion there. And on the international side, I think our margin will be quite healthy in the back half.
Carol Tomé: Yes. Our international business is quite different than the domestic business. It’s an asset light outside service provider in many of the markets in which we serve. We actually like this cross border opportunity to grow B2C business, and the margins are quite healthy.
Carol Tomé: Yes. We’re a big believer as a board and the company’s culture, because we think it is a competitive point of differentiation. As the board looked at CEO succession, they came up with a qualification, if you will, of what the next CEO should possess in terms of experience, in terms of just knowledge in certain areas. And they map that up against both internal and external candidates. Obviously, I wasn’t part of that, but there was a search committee that was formed and they looked at, here are the qualifications of the next CEO. And they looked at our internal team as well as external team and decided to go outside for the role. And I was delighted that they asked me to take the role. It’s because of the time that we’re in. As I look to the future of UPS, my goal is to get CEO succession ready candidate. So then when it’s time for me to move on and actually retire, because I have been retired. But when it’s time for me to move on, we have ready now candidates inside the company to promote. The big believer and investing in people to help them get to their highest potential, whatever it may be. So don’t expect to see a big cultural shift just because I came in for this time. And I am delighted to be here. It’s an awesome leadership team. They’re in the room with me today, giving me support just for answering your questions. We really do appreciate all the thoughtful questions that came to Brian and me today. So thank you for that. And Scott, I’ll turn it back to you.
Brian Newman: And Jordan, if I can just add, the B2C growth in Europe in the quarter or in international in the quarter was up 95%. And so I think the combination of the shift towards B2C and their ability to expand margins was another proof point of why we’re confident in that model.
Brian Newman: Yes. I just say, as we peel that business apart, I think I had mentioned it in my script. But as we extract the SurePost product, it gives us some encouraging signs for the underlying pricing health of the business within B2C. Because pricing, if you exclude SurePost, Carol, and fuel, we were up 1.5%, and that’s better than the last three or four quarters. So it’s encouraging signs for how we’re managing B2C.
Brian Newman: Carol, maybe I’ll just add on the CapEx piece. We spent the last three years building capacity in automation. And so we’re now reaching 85% in the U.S. system. So we feel pretty good about our ability to manage that volume. And as we’re not chasing any volume or any package at any price, we think we’ll be selective in terms of what goes through the network.
Brian Newman: And Ben just to follow-up, I think Carol answered it, the second half of your question on the $1 to $1.10. We’re approaching $1 we have a year left in that Transformation 1.0 program. So we’re on track to deliver. I think the more exciting focus now is Transformation 2.0 and 3.0, how do we really change the game on a profit per piece, linking back to the productivity.
