Brian Newman: Hey, Allison. Good morning. So we had talked about driving productivity of about $300 million in the back half of the year. No more than half of that is going to come in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, and TSP is one of the largest drivers of that. We’re actually on track, and we’re seeing the system running more on time. I called out in my prepared remarks 13% increase in terms of the efficiency and the drivers. So the idle time is decreasing, and we’re very pleased with the performance.
Brian Newman: Yes, Amit. In terms of the international side, it is a challenging macro environment out there. But we expect total volume levels in Q4 will actually be higher than Q3, improving utilization from an ADV perspective. Growth rates, we expect to improve. We’re looking to win share in Europe, execute on the initiatives to grow the U.S. export lane, which going into the peak season is helpful. So there are lots of cost initiatives that Kate and the team are executing real time. I think you saw that in sort of the flexibility with taking down flights in Asia and rerouting to where the customer needs were. So we feel great about the agility of the international business.
Brian Newman: So, Tom, from a service perspective, Kate and the team are doing an outstanding job in terms of managing the international rates. The air freight decline over the rates that you mentioned, those will bleed through a bit, but the reality is the margin in the third quarter, it was really all about 80%-plus was due to currency and then some of it on the U.S. export land, which we don’t control as much. So, that’s where we de-levered. We expect that volume to go up in the fourth quarter. So, we will be able to pass some of the leverage through. So, I think we have a line of sight to manage that.
Brian Newman: I will pick up the second part of the question in terms of the pension, and Carol alluded to it in early answer this morning that rates are moving. And pension in ‘23, it’s going to be determined by discount rates and asset performance actually on December 31st. So, it’s too early to get into specifics, but I think the gist of your question is, if the year ended today, I would expect higher discount rates would actually reduce service costs and increase our profit in the domestic business above the line. But that’s unfortunately going to be probably more than offset by higher interest expense and lower pension income below the line. So, I think net-net, in the P&L, it will be a net headwind, some favorability above the line, offset by some headwinds below the line.
Brian Newman: I would just add, Carol, Ravi, we are sort of executing the play. We had called – we had guided what does it mean at the bottom line, 11.6 full year, and that was an 11.6 1H and 11.6 2H were actually delivered the first half of the year. Obviously, a lot of changes in dynamics in the market, but we are on track to deliver an 11.7 in the back half of the year. So, net-net, Ravi, I think we are delivering what we said we would do, slightly different playbook in terms of volume price cost. But at the end of the day, executing on those contracts, it was part of the original plan.
Brian Newman: Yes. We have got an extra delivery day, Jordan, in December, so feeling good. We expect the peak to be a little bit later, and we are ready for it.
Brian Newman: Happy to take the cost question. So look, the momentum with Nando and the team, they are really just getting started. We saw CPP growth about double digit in the first half. That will be high-single digit in the second half of the year. We would probably expect to see that trajectory continue to next year. I don’t want to get ahead of my skis though. So, we will come out at the end of the fourth quarter and give you some guidance for RPP and CPP for next year.
Brian Newman: So, from a maintenance perspective, we have actually gone to a very systematic, programmatic approach and gone out with multiyear. On the airline, for example, we now have a 10-year maintenance program to manage the fleet age of the equipment. It is going up in terms of age and therefore we factor that in on more of a normalized run rate over the next decade.
Brian Newman: So, right now, we announced some recent acquisitions with Boeing. And so we have the next several years outlined. We will remain fluid on that as we track volumes and shift the aircraft around.
Brian Newman: As we set down, some of the MD11s from a sustainability standpoint, that’s a positive thing from an operating – productivity standpoint, that’s also a positive thing. So, that’s part of the overall strategy that we have run over the next 10 years.
Carol Tome: Maybe just a little more color there. Our overtime hours were down 1 million hours in the quarter. Our bench has dropped from 29% to 20% and we reduced fluctuations in driver pay days by 39%. So the plan is working, and we just got started with it on July 3.
Carol Tome: Well, starting with the question on market share, a big turning point for our company is when we invested in fastest ground ever, improving our time in transit. And yes, we are advantaged or at parity in 17 of the top 25 markets. We offer 7-day residential service, Saturday pickup for our business customers. So this has made a significant difference in our business. And if you look at it through the lens of market share, just looking at SMB in the United States, we see that – we have seen that we’ve grown both revenue and ADB market share ahead of our competitors. And when we look at it through the lens of enterprise, we’ve grown revenue share. So we are delighted with the share gains that we’ve seen in United States, but the share gains continued outside of the United States as well. Super pleased of the time in transit advantage that we have in Europe and what that’s meant for share gains in Europe despite the very uncertain market.
Carol Tome: Our international margin will increase sequentially Q3 to Q4. And part of that is because of the great work that Kate and team are doing to move off of charter on to brown tills [ph]. Brown tills are just a better economic equation for us, and we are utilizing the aircraft that we own, which will certainly help that margin pressure. In terms of what a good operating margin is for international, well, I don’t know. We love what we have got. We want to continue to grow it. So, Kate has declared that we are going to be number one in the premium international logistics market. So, that means higher margins.
Carol Tome: So, in terms of pricing durability, value is defined by what a customer is willing to pay, and the customer is willing to pay for the service that we provide. So, the new business that we have won and we have been winning new business has come in at very, very solid revenue quality. Now, as I look back over the past several years, from 2019 to now, we have grown our RPP in the United States by 23%. And we did that through a number different ways by renegotiating on longer term contracts, by leaning into the parts of the market that really value our end-to-end network through some demand surcharges, a little bit of help from fuel. It’s been a real success story. We have also driven productivity during that timeframe, but the margin expansion has been really driven by the RPP growth. Looking ahead, we will continue to have RPP growth. You heard Brian talk about the GRI that we just announced. But there will be more of a balance between RPP and productivity to enable our margin expansion going forward. We think that’s just the right thing to do. In fact, as we continue to drive productivity inside of our business, we are willing to give some of that back to our customers through a revenue share, is why not. If we can increase delivery density and we are seeing some good proof in our both our pilots and now our live case, we will give some of that back because we should. I think about a third, a third, a third, a third for the customer, a third for the shareholder and a third for UPS. So, we have not seen any demand destruction at this point because value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for and service matters.
Carol Tome: Remember last year, when there were all these supply chain dams and inventory was at very low levels, everyone was saying shop early, shop early, shop early. So, we just believe that the inventory levels are in much better shape than they were a year ago. So, we are going to return to a more normalized shopping pattern for peak. And if we can just talk about the tone of business, current business, here it is. It’s almost Halloween, October was good.
Carol Tome: So, we are building Logistics-as-a-Service, and it’s very early days, but it includes components of what we have talked to you about in the past. One of the pillars of Logistics-as-a-Service is improving delivery density. And as you know, we have been partnering with CommerceHub to go upstream in the cart to improve delivery density with our live use case. It’s doing very well. So, we are adding additional customers on to that platform. The second pillar of Logistics-as-a-Service is improving visibility end-to-end and we have talked to you about this in the past, I think we called it project with all other project symphony. But it really is proving visibility from the manufacturer all the way to the end of distribution clients. That part of Logistics-as-a-Service, the third pillar is proving financial solutions. We do that today through UPS Capital, where we had a very robust insurance product. We are looking at adding some additional financial products to that filler. We then move to I will say, advanced capabilities, which is including technology to help you, understand how to optimize your supply chain, warehousing fulfillment for shipping. And then lastly, while we have a very good returns business, we think we could have a robust reverse logistics business, and all of this will be powered by technology. So, the way to measure this in the future will be in a number of different ways. But basically, this is going to create new revenue streams for us. So, as we build this out, we will put these new revenue streams into our plans, and then we will share those with you. And then you can hold us accountable to those plans.
Carol Tome: We were pleased with the contract extensions that we had both with our pilots as well as our aviation mechanics. The terms of those contract extensions were in line with the longer term financial plans that we had already built. So, we felt very good about that. But more importantly, with the percentage of the UPSers who voted in favor of the contract extension, I was delighted with that. It exceeded our expectations and it speaks volumes to the relationships that we have with our employees and the fact that these are really great jobs. So, the only read-through to the upcoming Teamster contract negotiation would be the – we have got a great relationship with our employees, and these are great jobs.
Carol Tome: But the best news is actually replacing the aircraft with better energy-efficient aircraft and more – and actually take our cost down.
Carol Tome: Yes. So, it’s still early days, Stephanie, but we are pleased with what we are seeing. We were in pilot, then we went live with one of our customers, and we started to see good matches. But to get that one-tenth improvement and delivery density, you really need a 5% match. And we weren’t seeing 5%. So, what we just did is we increased the whole time. We had been holding the orders in the car for an hour. We increased the whole time six hours. And now we are starting to see a creep up to that 5% match. That’s cool because a 5% match, then if you translate it out, to our opportunity set, that’s a one-tenth improvement in delivery density, which is a $300 million value unlock. So, early, early days, but really like what we are seeing.
