Kurt Kuehn: The My Choice is kind of a win-win situation. It’s a positive for customers in that it gives them control, and it’s a positive for our operation, because it allows us to pre-notify customers that packages are arriving. Myron, maybe you can talk a little bit about how that’s helping operations. 
Kurt Kuehn: So we’ll be continuing to leverage technology to both delight customers and maintain our economic profitability. 
Kurt Kuehn: We’ve seen healthcare in aggregate grow double digits now really for the last several years, since we targeted this in an initiative. One of the things we like most about healthcare is that it does fully utilize really the entire breadth of the company.  On the distribution side, we’ve got 1 million square feet of healthcare compliant space. We’ve developed healthcare compliant forwarding with cold chain capabilities and re-icing at airports and all kinds of good stuff. And then our world-class small package network with things like delivery intercept and proactive notification, we can maintain high quality oversight. And even our UPS Freight group has benefitted from it.  So it’s a very diverse and broad set of products, and that’s one of the things that keeps us so excited about it, is it allows us to bring the entire breadth of the company for customers’ benefit.
Kurt Kuehn: Right. No, we do think the second quarter will show profit growth, but it will be in the low to mid-single digits. The internationals we said we expect to see a good strong bounce back. Supply chain is still facing some challenges. And there’s a bit of a year over year comp issue on the domestic side, where second quarter of last year, on the domestic side, we had some benefits, variable comp reductions and some of those things. But in general, we’re still cranking along just fine. We just wanted to give you guys a little bit of the quarter to quarter shape. 
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly our top priority for capital deployment is to grow the business. As you know, our physical capabilities, our aircraft are in great shape, and we have limited need for replacement assets. So we’re very focused on growth capital. You saw some examples of that in our announcement with the purchase of the CEMELOG healthcare company, so that’s our top priority, and we’re going to be opportunistic around the world really to build the platform in emerging markets and other areas.
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly the overall global economic environment will be a huge driver of it. Domestically, we’re fairly confident that the U.S. economy will be stable, if unexciting. Internationally, the trade flows have been very volatile, and so we have to stay attuned to that. So I think the broad economic environment would be the biggest single driver of the variability, although the other is certainly the attitude of the consumers as B2C becomes a bigger part of our business. Then growth in that environment becomes increasingly important.
Kurt Kuehn: B2B volume remains fairly sluggish, and so that’s an area that clearly we are hopeful that the industrial base of the U.S. catches fire a little more. We think there are some fundamentals. The other thing we are seeing is that the omnichannel that Alan referred to actually, when it’s done well, does drive B2B volume. Because in effect your forward stocking inventory in the stores has to be replenished. It shrinks shipment sizes, and so the state of the art retailers are now actually doing more frequent deliveries to stores to keep inventories balanced. 
Kurt Kuehn: It is certainly an area that we’re very focused on. We’ve invested a lot of money and technology to create a very comprehensive set of solutions for retailers. Alan, maybe you could talk a little bit about it.
Kurt Kuehn: I think Alan highlights it there. We think the real issue will become more next-day fulfillment rather than same-day. Although clearly we will help customers do whatever they need.
Kurt Kuehn: We’ve been seeing, historically, Q4 get stronger and stronger, as B2C plays a bigger role. And so that is part of a seasonal evolution to where we’re seeing that happen. We do have an extra working day in Q3. The international group’s got a lot of initiatives that are being rolled into place. Air network, we’ve done a lot of adjusting to, and now that we’re doing a number of things on the in-country cost.  So your arithmetic is correct. Absolutely. We’re maintaining our full year guidance, and we do expect to see stronger and stronger results as the years go on, based on all those factors.
Kurt Kuehn: I’ll let Dan expand a little bit, although you do have to be careful, when we talk about non-premium products, against a lot of our competitors, those are still time or day definite, what would be considered express products. So we do offer a broad portfolio and we’ve seen customers move up and down. So I wouldn’t put too strong a point on it as a long term issue. 
Kurt Kuehn: And I think maybe just to put a final point on it, UPS’s success has been on finding cost effective yet profitable ways for us to meet the customer’s needs when they do need to trade down. So we’re not trying to upsell, we’re building an integrated network, and if the customer gives us an extra day to get the product somewhere, we’ll take advantage of that, either through leveraging other forms of transportation or taking advantage of that from an economic perspective. So give us a little time to adapt, and the integrated UPS network will continue to generate high returns.
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly the technology that UPS has integrated has been a real differentiator on the market side. Having shipping systems, the visibility systems, pick up confirmation. The ability to have a.m. guaranteed deliveries, all of those things that we’ve been so successful with in our package environment is differentiating us on the freight side, although as Myron says, we’ve still got some work to do to get the margins up to our targets. 
Kurt Kuehn: Myron is being humble this was one of the hardest quarters in recent history for weather and operations. Just continued storms, just about everywhere, and even April we’re suffering with the floods a bit. But they managed to execute really well in that environment.
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly we’ve seen tremendous evolution and innovation in both areas. We do think that Europe is migrating very quickly, perhaps at a little earlier stage as far as the maturity of the market. I know Dan, you could talk to that. 
Kurt Kuehn: No, we’ve really not factored in anything dramatically different. We’ve kind of trended as if the ongoing numbers were similar to previous trends in our basic guidance. And maybe Scott can talk a little bit on the status of the contract negotiation.
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly we set out long term targets at our investor conference, of margins of 14%-15%. We’re making good progress towards that, and there’s no specific numbers other than that I’m going to share with you, although you’re seeing great changes, you’re seeing innovation driving both customer satisfaction and improved margins. And we’ll keep investing deeply in operations technology. There’s a lot more good stuff to come on that that we’ll be sharing with you. So there’s still more to come, and I think we feel pretty good on the business overall.
Myron Gray: In a previous call, we talked about how technology has continued to enable us to adapt and adjust and keep strong margins. One recent one that we spoke about was residential consolidation, where in the fourth quarter we were able to adjust and approximately 15% of our Surepost packages were then redirected with a UPS driver, which certainly enhanced our customer experience and allowed us to continue reduce cost.
Myron Gray: While we did experience continued growth in our freight segment, we continue to be disappointed in that business unit. We’ve grown it by offering integrated solutions for that customer segment, and we’ve continued to expect slow but steady growth in the freight group.
Myron Gray: Fortunately this is pretty much an all-weather business, and we have the ability to adapt to changing situations and the U.S. operating unit has done a very good job of making those adjustments every year. In terms of B2B or B2C, as we spoke earlier, the technology that we’ve deployed has just continued to enable us to adapt to changing business, whether they’re heavyweight packages or small B2C retail customers, and continue to expand margin. So we feel very confident about our abilities moving forward.
Scott Davis: The real focus there is just increasing density, and we’re doing a very good job of increasing density on the B2C.
Scott Davis: I’d say generally the international package volume flows have picked up in the fourth quarter last year and really carried through the first quarter, and we expect some of the same going forward the rest of the year. The big change in the middle two quarters last year we had negative trade flows.  This year we’re seeing, we think, global trade growing faster than global GDP. And we saw both in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter strong growth out of Asia, upper single digit growth, both to the U.S. and to Europe. So those trade flows were very weak last year. They’re better this year.  So on the package side, we feel pretty good. The international air freight side, while the tonnage is growing slightly, still way too much capacity, and the yields are weak.
Scott Davis: We see really the next 10 years’ growth similar to the last 10 years. And CEMELOG really is just another piece of the puzzle that’s going to help us in Central and Eastern Europe. We’re very excited about it.
Scott Davis: It sounds like maybe some breakthroughs overnight too, so hopefully we’ll see some corrections on that in the near term.
Scott Davis: I think emerging markets is an area we’re going to invest in. You saw us buy our partnership out in Vietnam, we’re 100% owned in the Vietnam in the quarter. There’s more opportunities like that as we go forward. And like the previous question, global B2C gives us lots of opportunities. We’ll see areas where we can make investments and new acquisitions to help enhance that product.
Scott Davis: I think the way we talked about it earlier too is international air freight market, while the percentage is growing slightly, we’d like to see that get more balanced with capacity. Dan, you may talk about it. It’s a challenging market right now.
Scott Davis: And the segments we saw the growth in the last couple of quarters were retail and [fire] and some healthcare. And manufacturing we think that for B2B primarily it has been weak and still negative. And even though we see a Renaissance in manufacturing coming in the U.S., it’s not quite there yet.
Scott Davis: I think particularly forwarding. We had a good start to last year on the forwarding side, and had a bad finish. And we expect to have good comparisons on the forwarding side second half of the year.
Scott Davis: To Dan’s point, we’re over 40% B2C in the U.S. right now and probably our biggest countries in Europe are maybe 25% B2C. So that gives you a flavor for where they are at this point in time.
Scott Davis: I think we’re quite pleased with the progress to date on the contract. We’ve told our customers that we want to get this done earlier than usual. The Teamsters agree it’s important for our customers to get it done. We’ve taken on the tough issues, issues like pension, issues like healthcare particularly. We’re very close to getting this thing done. And we feel good about the outlook, but we’ll hopefully have something to announce before you know it.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, I think same-day is really going to be a niche offering that’s out there. The real story is about omnichannel. We’ve got about 25 or more major retailers that are either using or moving to the UPS omnichannel solutions.  And it’s really about leveraging UPS’s shipping and visibility technologies. It helps enable a seamless connectivity between the retailer’s website, the fulfillment warehouses, the brick and mortar stores, and the consumers and returns. For the retailer, it enables inventory optimization and less markdowns, and for the consumers, it enables faster click to deliver times and greater access to retailer inventory and a broader variety.  So that’s really one of the big stories that’s driving ecommerce and why customers are coming to UPS. 
Alan Gershenhorn: As you heard earlier, the vast majority of our growth was driven by ecommerce in the first quarter. And easy returns are obviously an important part of driving consumers to shop online at a retail website. And we’ve got a very robust portfolio that provides maximum efficiency, visibility, and control for the retailer. And returns are essentially, like you said, a B2B move that’s created by B2C. Most of the time, these returns are dropped off by the consumer at a UPS drop box or at a UPS store, so you have very dense pickups and then you obviously have very dense deliveries back to the retailers. And I would just add that our returns are up about 10% year over year in the first quarter.
Alan Gershenhorn: I’ll just say that maybe even to the earlier question about what we’re doing with B2C and retail and healthcare, we’ve got a very focused strategy on the industry segments where we’re seeing most of the growth in the opportunity, and certainly the retail and healthcare are two of those. So we’re very focused on creating solutions for both brick and mortar and etail only retailers out there. On this whole omnichannel, getting back to that, what the retailers really like about the UPS solution, in addition to the networking of the technology for shipping and visibility at all their stores, is the one driver pickup. UPS can come in there at the end of the day, or really any time during the day or evening, and pick up all their ground, air, and their Surepost packages and provide, in the local area, next-day delivery for them. So we do think we’ve got a real advantage there.
Alan Gershenhorn: Certainly something like UPS My Choice is out there to drive consumer preference. It’s extremely relevant to both our retailers and our consumers. And unlike our competitor, most of our residential packages get delivered by a UPS driver. Scott mentioned I think in the opening that our My Choice consumers now have the option to initiate a Surepost upgrade to UPS ground residential service. So now essentially all UPS residential deliveries, whether they’re air, ground, or Surepost, are eligible for My Choice delivery options. And that’s really the power of the UPS integrated network.  The other point I’d make is that the offerings like Kiala, which is now being rebranded as UPS Access Point, that we have over there in Europe, that also begins to create that preference. And you’ll see UPS Access Point branded on the retailer’s website and consumers able to pick that particular service under the UPS brand. So we’re very focused on establishing both consumer and retailer preference for UPS services, really through value creation.
David Abney: You know, so far it’s had very limited impact, and we have been working with the FAA and working with the Department of Homeland Security to make sure that continues. We do disagree with furloughing of the air traffic controllers, and we also disagree on certain closing of night operations. We think there are more efficient ways that they can cut cost that will not impede commerce. And I think that more and more people are agreeing with that as we go through.
David Abney: And you know with the acquisition of CEMELOG, we now have over 6.5 million square feet dedicated to healthcare and that is spread out throughout the world.
David Abney: I was just going to add that our early adoption of having trans-border services throughout Europe has certainly paid significant dividends over the years, and how we’re connecting the countries, and certainly in the B2C market, with solutions like Kiala and other ones to come, our ability to network those countries so that shoppers can shop in any country and receive it back in their home country is going to be a really advantage for us, and that’s what we’re focused on.
Daniel Brutto: Yeah, right now, certainly out of Asia, there’s more capacity, so customers are taking advantage of obviously spot rates. I think we still have the best option for our customers in that we can move some of that freight into our own aircraft to fully utilize. And right now certainly our margins are up because we’re fully utilizing our aircraft. We’re still running a 13.1 margin in the difficult marketplace, and that’s primarily internationally, because of the utilization of our own aircraft in this hybrid model where we can move in our forwarding business when we need space on our aircraft and move it back when the market expands.
Daniel Brutto: Yeah, I would say on the whole healthcare, we’re building out primarily on the backs of our customers that are forcing us into other areas of the world, and CEMELOG’s a great example of that. Many of our large multinational healthcare customers have requested certainly that we get into areas such as Central and Eastern Europe. We also opened up in Australia. I’m going to be at a ribbon cutting for a building later this month in [Hang Jo], China.  So as our healthcare expands throughout the world, we will follow where our customers’ needs are. Many of those needs are in emerging markets and certainly we’ll set up a platform to serve them around the world in those areas.
Daniel Brutto: First, I would say that there’s overcapacity out of the market primarily in Asia because of the [belly] space that the 777s have allowed, so you’ve now got upsized newer planes that have belly space. So at this stage of the game, that would be one issue. That would describe kind of the price pressure.  The second issue is that manufacture out of Asia is not what it was. Things are lighter, so there’s not as much freight. Last year, if I look at comps last year, there was a couple of big releases on the technology side that drove up freight. Those releases did not occur in the first quarter of this year. Going forward, we think that that’s probably going to continue for the short and medium term.  On the other hand, an area that doesn’t have overcapacity is ocean, and our ocean business is very robust. In fact, on the [less than a] container load, that business is up over 26%. For the first quarter we added 300 more destinations as of February. So we think that that’s certainly not going to make up the variance in international air freight, but we think that that’s a good product that we put in the market.  So all in all, we think that it’s going to be a little rocky road for at least the next quarter in international air freight until the manufacturing gets back and the capacity in the marketplace gets back to more normal. 
Daniel Brutto: I would say that the whole idea of innovative products is always going to continue, and those products are going to require air freight to move those around the world. As the world shifts, and we look at what’s manufactured in China, now we see a lot of that manufacturing going down to Vietnam. After Vietnam it could be Indonesia. After Indonesia, India.  So we’re very bullish on the fact that there will be manufacture all around the world. Global trade will certainly increase, although it’s been a little choppy here for the last few quarters. And that will require air freight. And that’s perfectly in our sweet spot.  The other thing that I would say is when the market does contract, as it has, we have our own air fleet. So we can move freight into our air fleet. When the market picks back up, we’ll move that same freight and serve our customers through the use of flying on other folks’ planes. So we’re very bullish on the future about air freight continuing to be a big part of our portfolio. 
Daniel Brutto: I guess just to expand a little bit, we call a non-premium product our trans-border product in Europe, which for us is very profitable and growing very well, even in a tough European economy. Our premium product, Worldwide Express, I think worldwide we’ve seen some trade down for customers to use our Worldwide Expedited product. But by all means, we’re very successful in our standard product. Their profitable, they’re strong, and we’re confident that the Worldwide Express products will come back as the world economies strengthen over the year.
Daniel Brutto: I would say Europe is probably three to five years behind the U.S. in the whole B2C, depending on what country you’re in. I think there are some countries in Europe, such as France, U.K., are moving a little quicker, and I think that’s primarily the reason we bought Kiala, because technology and turning a B2C into a B2R is very important for us to be successful, so we’re certainly, from an operational standpoint, and a customer standpoint, preparing for more B2C growth in Europe. We think there will be some acceleration and certainly we are preparing operationally, and through our technology, to take advantage of that when it comes up.
Daniel Brutto: I would say the profitability in the air freight has obviously been squeezed. I think a lot of customers, because there’s overcapacity in the market, have gone out with spot rates and outside the contract, just because of the capacity that’s in the marketplace. We see that continuing at least for the next quarter, but think that it will get back to more normalcy at the end of the year.  On the other hand, our ocean profit has been doing very well. Not enough to make up the international air freight, but this premium [less than a container load] ocean product we think is very successful. We have a supplier management. Again, we couple technologies so a customer can, instead of getting a whole container load, get less than a container load. We have a great road network in the U.S. that we can feed and accelerate the time that the ocean shipment actually gets into the U.S. market and even the European market.
Daniel Brutto: As of this point, there are, outside of some Chinese carriers such as [Jade] that have got four 7400s sitting on the fence at [Chen Zin], there is a lot of talk. I know Cathay has certainly talked about it. There’s been some large carriers that have talked about if the rates continue to be low, obviously we had a situation in 2009 where you saw some folks take down some aircraft. It’s not at that stage yet. I would say from the UPS standpoint, we’ve taken 10% of our capacity year over year out of the trans-Pacific lane, and that’s also 20% down from the first quarter in 2011. So I think everyone is adjusting more frequencies today instead of taking whole planes down. 
Daniel Brutto: Thanks, Scott. It’s been a great 38 years with UPS, starting in Chicago in 1975 when we were essentially just a ground delivery company. And what a journey it’s been to now be an international company serving 220 countries and territories with air products, freight boarding products, distribution products, brokerage products. So it’s been an outstanding run. The foundation of UPS is solid, we have a great management team, and I’m very confident Jim Barber and our international team will lead us on to more growth and certainly better opportunities with our great customer base. Thanks, Scott. 
