Alan Gershenhorn: Hey, Tom, this is Alan. Yes, certainly, it was a solid peak season. We delivered more than 612 million packages over the peak period. It’s the most in the company history, up about 7%. And as you said, the air volume was well above our expectations in the quarter with the deferred growing almost 15 and Next Day at 10. The ground volume, yes, was a little bit below our estimates. Certainly, the soft industrial production that David mentioned and certainly some of the revenue management action on some of the low yielding accounts earlier in the year for peak had some impact. Our B2B growth was positive. If you remember last quarter, it went negative, but it rebounded last quarter. And as Rich mentioned, our resi grew at about a 2:1 ratio to the commercial. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, Nate, this is Alan. Coyote certainly performed well during peak and we are going to continue to expand that role. They were certainly one of the difference makers. They are playing a crucial role in our ability to manage our outside transportation services and cost, certainly year round, but very, very integral during the peak season. So, they provided the flexible capacity to meet the demand surges and they also helped us to improve our capacity utilization. On an overall basis, as David said in his opening comments, the synergies are on track. I would also say that we are getting some good purchase transportation procurement benefits and those are exceeding our expectations.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. First of all, we didn’t turn away 3% of our volume with the control tower. The control tower was an absolute success this year from both a customer and a UPS perspective. And I would also say from an e-commerce, retail and also a year round customer perspective, all the other industry segments that we serve, so a real success. And the primary goal there was to optimize the network capacity and find solutions that worked for our customers and UPS. And in fact, between Cyber Week and Super Weekend, we were able to accommodate all the customer requests. And during those final few days, there was a few that we needed to turn down. But even then, some of those were some dual source customers who chose not to make longer term business commitments to UPS. So we thought it was a resounding success. We had a very disciplined approach to the volume, the capacity and managing the yields to produce the excellent fourth quarter that we had.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So look, I think that the – the air products are resonating really well with our customers and certainly, the just-in-time nature, so our deferred was up 14% and the Next Day Air overnight products mainly the Saver was up about 10%. And I think customers are choosing the services that they need based on the time in transit that they are looking for.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. This is Alan, I am going to take that first and pass it over to Jim. Certainly, what’s happening, international has a forward impact on the U.S. but as you probably all know, the U.S. inventory sales ratio has come down slightly but it still remains elevated, certainly indicating we got continued overhang of inventories in the economy. And customers are obviously attempting to work them down. We expect the strong U.S. dollar to continue to influence the trade lanes. And I guess the last thing I will say is that our omni-channel e-commerce strategies like ship from store, enabling retailers to burn some of that off effectively.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, Brandon, this is Alan. Look, I mean, I think the story with industrial production has been happening now for quite a while. Certainly, it’s trending more negative than it has been. Our business today, as Rich said, even at peak season, we were up to 60% residential, so about half of our business is on the retail e-commerce side now. And I think we are going to be able to manage through that real well. I think the value proposition that we have in place for both retail and the other industry segments, including industrial manufacturing, high-tech and healthcare bode well. So, we feel pretty good that we have embedded these trends into our 2016 plans and are very confident in achieving those results.
Alan Gershenhorn: I would just say, look, we have talked for a while now about bending the cost curve and David talked about some of the things we are doing there with ORION. But UPS My Choice, Access Points, SurePost Redirect and SurePost this year, we redirected over 35% of our SurePost packages back into the network, where we were able to create a two-piece stop, our omni-channel strategy so on and so forth. I mean, all these things are working in concert to help us be able to manage peak at levels today, where this year our peak volumes will almost double what they are during the remaining part of the year. Keep in mind that as we work with these – all these projects here, a lot of them are focused in on delivery density. And one-tenth piece per stop increased creates about $200 million of operating profit improvement. So, we feel like the things that we are doing to our network now are going to enable us to handle bigger and bigger peaks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, hey, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. Certainly, we had strong base rate pricing improvements throughout 2015. The fourth quarter was no exception. We came in at the higher end of the 2% to 3% long-term target range. It’s really – the GRI, the dim weight, some of the tactical pricing decisions as well as disciplined and prudent revenue management. For 2016, our expectation is to achieve again within 2% to 3% of the range for base rate improvements going forward.
Alan Gershenhorn: Look, my point was that during peak, we handle almost double on any given day, but the spike occurs on an ongoing basis between Cyber Monday and Christmas Day. Throughout the quarter, our volume between October and November was softer and December on a secular basis continued to rise.
Alan Gershenhorn: Look, I think that the network that we have today, the air and ground integrated network is second to none and the enhancements we are making to that network, whether it’s the operational efficiencies that Myron talked about with ORION and hub automation or whether it’s some of the customer-facing technologies that we are putting in place that also help reduce cost to make us more efficient and to make us attractive to both consumers and retailers is really the best network in the business. And again, when you think about this e-commerce ecosystem that we are putting in place with our base ground and air package network adding on the UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point, the Synchronized Delivery Solution, the SurePost and the SurePost Redirect, our returns portfolio, i-parcel, combining that with some of the efficiencies really makes UPS network the e-commerce network of the future.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, hey, this is Alan, thanks for the question. So, certainly, in the U.S. here, our B2B business was positive all year with the exception of a slight dip in the third quarter growing at or about half the pace of B2C. And like we said, it rebounded back in the fourth quarter, but mainly driven by retail. Certainly, on the Supply Chain & Freight side of our business, the vast majority of that business is in fact B2B. And in the International business, a much larger preponderance of our business is B2B, so the growth you are seeing in there would impact also B2B.
David Abney: Tom, this is David. When it comes to volume, I think it’s worth taking the time to look at the – over the 2 years, the stock volume for the fourth quarter. And if you compare ‘13 to ‘15, you see that our total volume was up 9% and our ground volume was up 7.6%. So, when you look at it over a 2-year period, what you see is the ‘14 had a tremendous increase in ground and then we added to that, but the 2-year [stag] [ph] gives a pretty good picture of where we have been the last couple of years.
David Abney: And on the volume, just a little bit more on that. In 2015, we said all along due to peak cost and to other cost that we are going to have to focus on yield which we did. And for 2016, we just want to make sure that we have the right balance and I am absolutely confident that the team will between maintaining yield and increasing our volume. So, with the initiatives that we have, feel comfortable that we are going to maintain the air volumes the way they are and felt like that we will improve the ground volumes.
David Abney: And Kevin, this is David. I would want you to tell your wife we really appreciate her efforts to increase our volume. So, thank you for that.
David Abney: It’s a little early to start guiding you on ‘17, but there are certain actions that we are taking on. And as it becomes more appropriate to cover and things are more complete, we will give you a better story on that.
David Abney: Okay. This is first David, and first let me make sure and express that Amazon is a good customer of ours. We have a mutually beneficial relationship. And our goal with Amazon or any other big customer is to continue to show our value to – through the integrated network and through our technologies and to have a value proposition that’s difficult to match. We do add capacity and for large customers such as Amazon, we do it though we ensure we have the proper economic return. And at the same time, we also ensure the integrity of our network for all customers by planning and forecasting our volumes. So I didn’t read anything that in the last quarter that we felt like is in – on any kind of substantial basis is going to affect our pricing, our pricing in the market. We just believe we need to continue to focus on our values, stay on our strategies and our technologies and we feel that we will have another good year this year as far as return to investors.
David Abney: Just last – and this is David. Just the last comment on industrial production, if you are going to look at our results 5 years ago, I think there was a tighter correlation. Now of course, with our e-commerce and residential business growing as fast as it is, I think that maybe it’s not quite as direct. And if you look at the fourth quarter, industrial production was down all 3 months of the fourth quarter and we had record results. And I think part of that was because consumer confidence is still high. And so, I wouldn’t draw too much of a connection there if I was you, but thanks for the question.
David Abney: Yes, this is David. Just to put a recap on that. Each of these automated facilities we see about a 20%, 25% efficiency. So it gives you an idea of what they mean to us. Thank you. Next question.
David Abney: Good. Thanks, Joe. We are successfully executing our strategies and capitalizing on our investments. Due to the strong peak, the fourth quarter, the four consecutive quarters of 2015 where we exceeded expectations are all evidence of our execution. We are carrying this momentum into 2016. We feel good about the year even with a little less certain environment around us and we expect once again to deliver strong earnings growth this year. Thank you for your time and see you next quarter. Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Sure. Scott, so the question you asked around pension is that we currently use a mark-to-market, it’s on a – there is a deck presentation on our website, it explains the mark-to-market and we use that corridor approach for that. And I think that’s – goes through the process and we have done that each year the last few years whenever we make an adjustment. This year, it was a much smaller adjustment. And I think once you go through that, after some more questions, we can handle that appropriately. In terms of the volume and the guidance on volume, we did have solid top line growth this year. In fact, it was 5% growth this year and we really see 2016 as the continuation of what we did in 2015. It does have some cycles through the quarters. Obviously, we talked about each quarter kind of looking similar to the previous year. And so when you think about how our volume grows, our revenue and our profits, I would point you back to that, but we feel real good about where we are at. We think it’s not just what’s happening outside externally on the macro environment, it’s also all the initiatives and the things that we are doing inside UPS right now that are gaining traction and are actually the reasons that the results were so good for the fourth quarter and for all of 2015.
Richard Peretz: Sure. We use our currency hedge program that really is about protecting our profits. But when you separate that out, right now we do have protection for all of ‘16. And at different points through the last few years, we have gone in and made the necessary adjustments. But when we looked at the operating margin, it has improved a little bit because of the hedge and it’s about 200 basis points or just over 200 basis points in the margin that you should be thinking about that’s really driven because of the hedge program that’s really meant to allow the operators to look at the business and step away from what’s happening with the currency and come straight on growing the business. I am actually going to ask Jim to talk a little bit about the record setting year that international has had.
Richard Peretz: Sure. Thank you, Allison. When we look at the pensions overall, we are expecting our expense to actually be flat this year with 2015 and that’s what’s embedded in the guidance. The activities around pension are an important area for UPS, we continue to actively managing that area. And as I said for the year, it’s going to be flat, so there won’t be any increase in expense for 2016.
Richard Peretz: And this is Richard and just a few other things I think that’s important to think about when you think about what’s embedded in our guidance is that the volume is based – is not just based on what’s happening externally, it’s also what’s going on within UPS. And so we started out externally and look at various scenarios of what we think could happen. And so embedded in the range is different volume assumptions and that’s why there is a range. But also it’s the story about the economies that we are getting out of the ORION project and the adjustments we are making in the air network. You bring all that together and that’s why the range is as we put it out there. So, we feel very confident that what we are putting out there is the expectation based on both the external and the internal efforts we are doing here at UPS.
Richard Peretz: Sure. This is Richard. And John, I think the last few quarters we have talked about the revenue management initiatives and David mentioned improving the yield in some of his comments. And the thing to keep in mind is it’s really broad-based. We are doing it in small package. We are doing it in the international air freight market and the LTL. It’s really about making sure we have the right customers and the right yields in each of our networks.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Matt. This is Richard. Our CapEx, as I mentioned in my talk, is expected to be about $2.8 billion right now. The model that we built at UPS in the network is very unique and we are continuing to make the necessary adjustments in automating our Tier 1 buildings, but we are going at a measured pace because we also have to make sure that we continue to provide the service that our customers expect. In fact, in the last few years, we have actually doubled the spend in our buildings and facilities and we expect that, that will continue and that’s probably the area where we will be spending the most money next year. But the results of this quarter were really driven by the investments we made in the last few years and that’s helped us to achieve the margins and the profit level that we got for 2015. Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Yes. Kelly, this is Richard again. When you think about the total company, obviously the U.S. is a very large piece of our business and we have talked about the importance not only of the U.S. but also both imports and exports coming into and leaving the U.S. And today of course, the imports into the U.S. are stronger and that’s really something we have seen because of the strength of the dollar, so exports coming out of the rest of the world coming into the U.S. are much higher. And we have talked about in the past that Europe is a very large part of our international. It’s about 50% of the International business. So together, those two are a large – very large part of the company, but the other pieces of the network are important because the customers are sending packages all over the world back and forth.
Richard Peretz: Rob, again this is Richard. I think you have to look at 2016 and David actually made a comment earlier that this is going to be a balanced year. So there is both volume growth and making sure that we align the revenue with the resources that are used in UPS, that’s very important. As well, in the last few years, we have been down this road of improving our internal operations. You saw that because for the first time, you actually see stops going growing twice as fast as volume, yet your cost per stop came down. And that’s a testament to the technology and the U.S. operations it had a good quarter. And I will actually ask Myron to comment on that.
Myron Gray: During the year, we increased the deployment for ORION from 45% in 2014 to up to 70% by year’s end. We expect to be completed with the deployment of ORION by the first day in January of ‘17 and we are extremely pleased with the results that we are getting today.
Myron Gray: Alex, this is Myron. If you go back to the fourth quarter of ‘14, each corresponding quarter, we have continued to see softness in the market and it’s adversely affected each of the carriers in the market. However, base rate improvements have remained steady and we are not seeing any adverse actions to the negative that are being taken by any carriers that we would expect that to remain that way moving forward.
Myron Gray: So Rob, let me begin by thanking the thousands of UPSers who help to execute on the well designed plan. We will continue to deploy technology, tighten our direct labor hours and add capacity where necessary to take advantage of this expedited growth in residential deliveries. Deployments like ORION that helped us control our miles actually they were flat in the fourth quarter. Our direct labor hours were down from last year and the service was exceptional. And we continued to deploy Access Points that gave control and convenience to our customers. So, we believe that this expedited growth and residential deliveries don’t pose any support moving forward. Thank you.
Myron Gray: I think our automation strategy will allow us to not add headcount. And our automation strategy moving forward is to either deploy technology in the existing footprint that we have when we build new buildings or where we may need to add capacity that would help us reduce handles. In the fourth quarter, our direct labor hours were flat. Now we hired what we expected in terms of people that 90,000 to 95,000. But because of this automation, we were able to bring them on much later at peak and our actual hours were down 8%. So we don’t see a need to add headcount. Thank you.
