Scott Davis: Thanks and good morning. Our third quarter results improved from the first half of the year even though our business faced similar market dynamics. Customers continue to streamline the supply chains allowing UPS to meet their needs with our integrated solutions and logistics expertise. The U.S. domestic business continues to benefit from the e-commerce, while international experienced strong demand for UPS deferred products. Performance in our Supply Chain & Freight segment improved, primarily from ocean forwarding, brokerage and North American Airfreight results. Regarding the global economic environment, forecast for growth in EU have been revised upward as it begins to recover from recession. However, Asian economic projections are mixed as expansion in Japan has been offset somewhat by slowing China growth. Here in the U.S., uncertainty created by the partial shutdown of U.S. government has created some anxiety, while the impact to UPS on surface appears to be minimal, some experts predict the shutdown will be a drag on fourth quarter GDP. Though the shutdown is behind us, temporary solutions like sequestration and government furloughs only delayed the inevitable. Hitting the snooze button on our fiscal problems only extends uncertainty and dampens economic growth. No business could survive without careful management's resources and our country can't either. Now is the time for the government to fix the debt and put America's house in order. Although our political leaders struggled to effectively implement economic policy, companies worldwide are successfully adapting to evolving market conditions and evaluating all options to improve their bottom lines and UPS can help with our comprehensive portfolio of capabilities. We are built to meet the needs of business whether it's via ground, air or ocean, an integral part of developing these solutions, is listening to our customers. For example, our Latin American executives told us they expected strong growth in the region, we took action. During the quarter, UPS launched the industry's first Guaranteed Standard Service from the U.S. to Mexico. By leveraging our extensive network and brokerage expertise, UPS now provides a seamless delivery experience for southbound shipments. The company also expanded our preferred LCL Ocean product to serve the Asia to Mexico lane. In addition, UPS has opened new express service centers to serve the fast-growing region of Northern Mexico. Continuing our commitment to invest across the portfolio and around the world, we opened distribution to Hangzhou and Shanghai, China further expanding our capabilities. Now, I want to take a moment to update on our labor negotiations. As we announced back in the summer, our employees approved the National Master, which covers the key elements to contract, wages, pension and healthcare. Work continues on the open supplements. In the last month progress has been made with majority receiving approval. This includes a largest area, the central region and other large areas like New York. The remaining supplements will go out soon and we are confident in their approval. UPS will continue to work to expedite ratification to our employees to start receiving improved wages and benefits in the new contract. Until then, the current agreements remain in place. Now, let me turn it over to Kurt to provide more insight into UPS third quarter results.
Scott Davis: Well, that's certainly something that UPS has been working on for many years and we think as a benefit of us being able to have one integrated network or we can shift capacity. You know, having a ready fleet of aircraft we can adjust to and certainly having ability to move those quickly is important. One area though that clearly we do this time of the year especially is, we spend a lot of time talking to our major shippers about the holidays and that helps get us a little bit of shake for the peak season anyway. Alan, maybe you could talk a little bit about our approach of preparing expectations for peak.
Scott Davis: I guess the other component in your question there is, the international component. Jim, maybe you can talk a little bit about the flexibility that we try to build and react to customer demand this time of the year.
Scott Davis: Kurt mentioned that fundamentals, we really grew profits 10%, take care of the currency and the fuel, so we felt good about the fundamentals of the business. As you look to 2014, again, we think that currency will not be the issue we saw on 2013, so that will eliminate one of those headwinds as we move into next year.
Scott Davis: Yes. Certainly, the market continuing to stable, we did show some improvements, but I will let Alan talk a little bit about some of the other issues.
Scott Davis: I guess one other point just to remember on the air is, we did have a very strong air quarter last year. I think our next day shipments were up 7%, so part of that is the much tougher comp.
Scott Davis: Yes. Do remember though that the ORION is a multi-year rollout. It's very deep integrated expansion that has to be route specific, but thanks.
Scott Davis: Well, I think the B2B did show modest growth, really B2C continues to outperform. I don't want to put too positive a spin on it. I guess, it was really the retail sector, especially with the omni-channel and us moving goods between stores and retailers adjusting their supply chains that drove up the B2B component. The rest of the sectors were fairly flat, maybe slightly negative.
Scott Davis: If we would be successful on projects like ORION, naturally bodes well for domestic margins and Jim talked about where we are going internationally and then we will tell you a lot more in January.
Scott Davis: Let me start off with David Abney talking about their air network and utilization and how we reacted there.
Scott Davis: Before I turn it over to Jim, in our guidance, we do expect to see modest revenue declines although the unit's done a good job of adjusting. Jim, maybe you could fill us in a little bit more on the view of the market.  
Scott Davis: I will take a shot at that. I think, Kurt, used the term wildcard. Frankly, a compressed holiday period, if weather is perfect it's good. Probably it will benefit us as we have been able to move our volumes to our network efficiently in the shorter days, shorter hours. The question is, if we get a nice storm (Inaudible), you know one of those days? It's going to be hard to make up for it. I think it's one of those things that are kind of a risk reward type deal. If whether is great, we will probably get rewarded. If weather is bad, there will be a challenge for us.
Scott Davis: Looking at this year, we weren't very far off those goals when we set our guidance at the start of the year taken out the currency and the fuel impact and pension, particular, so hopefully if interest rates stay where they are, pension will not be a headwind next year. We think currency will not be a headwind next year, so we are positioned better to get close to those targets.
Scott Davis: Well, right now if you stand inside Europe from that geography, obviously, our intra-European growth is very good. You have got a double-digit growth in the inside, because of the great network we have there. We have got some lanes depending on where you are going our U.S. lane continues to grow nicely across the globe. Again, we are pretty proud of being able to offer domestic customers and geographies from Turkey to the U.K. to Germany, across the world and that piece of the world some great opportunity and they grow at double digits as well, so it's growing in many facets.
Scott Davis: Yes. In general, we do have higher margins in our export business than the domestic business. The benefit of our domestic business is, they give us a decent margin, but they also create the density that allows this UPS integrated network to create the returns that you guys enjoy so much. As far as the targets, certainly the priority is growth in export. Jim's people balance them, what the appropriate amount of domestic business is country-by-country to create infrastructure. Beyond that, what we really look at is return on capital, so we make sure that those products that drive the most assets, those flying across oceans and those things, generate the higher margins. Beyond that, we don't really open up the can of worms.
Scott Davis: Yes. First let me correct fact. Yields were up in the quarter, so they weren't up quite as much as in previous quarters, but still we showed a 2.2% increase in revenue per 100 weight, so that's not an issue.
Scott Davis: As far as the contract, I think we are making progress. I think we would spend lot of time between the UPS teams and union leadership really communicating and educating the people about the new contract, there were changes in healthcare that were confusing to people. We have done this process and the package side of the Master have had good results and we communicated the new contract. We expect the same on the freight side. Hopefully, we will get it out for vote here in near-future.
Scott Davis: Yes. Well, certainly, as we said we remain on target to deliver the redistribution with the share repurchases. We spent just a little shy of $3 billion year-to-date on that front, so we are moving along as said and we tend to set a target each year and complete what we do, so barring any unusual market conditions or something, we expect to continue the remainder of that. The higher priority always is to invest in growth. Certainly, we have got the balance sheet to do it. Although, we have been targeting more smaller acquisitions things like CEMELOG in Eastern Europe to expand our healthcare network and other targeted acquisitions, so we will continue following that path, also continue to support a very strong dividend, so we are looking for opportunities and application, capital, plus we would also used capital in some cases to reduce the risk and volatility to the balance sheet. You have seen that with some of the moves we have done on the pension, so we have got a lot of choices and part of our job is to prudently allocate capital and keep remembering that it's share owner's money and it's our duty to use it prudently or return it.
Scott Davis: It's actually both. As you know in the United States, we are very big in retail. Retail has not been our focus really in the past in Europe from a B2C perspective, so this is the big opportunity for UPS to penetrate the retail market throughout Europe with better solutions that are available in the market today. To your point, do it in a way that is profitable, because of the density that we can create and the other point I would just make is that many of the consumers in Europe really prefer getting their deliveries at these access points versus at home and some of our retailers have over 50% of their packages being delivered to these access points versus their residential homes.
Scott Davis: That's good question, David. We certainly have some flexibility that maybe, David, you could talk about that.
Scott Davis: Yes. One of the real value creations, where we have been working on the last few years is to take advantage of both, our forwarding network and our owned fixed assets and have enough flexibility to move volume and freight especially in and out of them.
Scott Davis: Tom, as said earlier I guess the fact is the export market is not shrinking. It's growing at a slow pace. The reality is expedited is on the fast pace right now. As we get more innovation development, more technology products and the economy gets a little bit better, I would expect to see some better growth in express going forward.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. You all know that shippers and consumers around the world have come to depend on UPS to successfully deliver the holidays. Peak season UPS is a combination of months of planning, training and preparation for the ultimate test. The timely delivery is almost double our normal's days worked. In advance, I want to thank more than 400,000 dedicated UPSers around the world, who put in the long hours and go the extra mile for our customers this year and I also want to thank all of you for taking part in today's call. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, Kurt, and good morning. The holiday peak season is always an exciting time at UPS, and this year will be no different. Consumers around the world count on us to deliver their holiday gifts on time and in perfect condition. For 2013, the National Retail Federation expects holiday retail sales to increase 3.9%. More importantly, for UPS, online sales are expected to rise between 13% and 15%. At UPS, some of our retailers are cautious in their holiday outlook, however they go into the season with more flexible supply chain options than ever before. Retail customers are focused on managing inventory levels and providing the right customer experience to drive growth. This includes working with UPS on omni-channel strategies, which help to create better touch points for consumers, improve utilization of brick-and-mortar square footage and to ship inventory directly from stores, all enhancing the overall customer experience. Retail customers also talk to us about having a flexible supply chain, so they can respond quickly to market changes. At UPS, we expect this year's holiday season will be another for the record books as we picked up more than 34 million packages on our peak day. As Kurt mentioned in the fourth quarter, we expect package volume to grow 3% to 4%, however with the later Thanksgiving this year, there are six fewer shopping days from Black Friday to Christmas. As a result, we expect daily volume over this shortened window to be up 8%. UPS is continuing to make the holidays easier for consumers too. Our industry first solution UPS My Choice has now exceeded 5 million subscribers. Recent enhancements will provide subscribers the ability to organize their hectic holiday schedule by managing their online orders with the UPS delivery calendar. In addition, UPS My Choice consumers can choose to receive their UPS SurePost shipments earlier by upgrading to UPS ground. By the way UPS, MyChoice services are now available on Facebook, the online home to more consumers. Peak season does not end for us at Christmas. The rapid growth of e-commerce has created a third peak for UPS that starts after the holidays and keeps us tussling into the middle of January. During this period, consumers are taking advantage of gift cards and retailer year end close outs as well as returning gifts received during the holiday. The UPS returns portfolio offer several solutions that help shippers control returned goods and provide their customers with a hassle free returns experience. As you can see, there's a lot going on at UPS to prepare for the high demands for service. I want to wish you and your family a wonderful holiday season, and of course order early, often, and most importantly, have it shipped through UPS. Now, I'll turn it back over to Kurt.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. As I said in my opening comments, some of our retailers are a bit cautious, but they are ready more than ever with the execution of these omni-channel strategies that we are helping them with, and really what that does is it helps these retailers better optimize, minimize and better utilize both, their in-store and their DC inventories, so they are prepared for any online growth acceleration. It obviously also helps them maximize the price they get for their goods by avoiding markdowns and it also creates that seamless in-store and online experience for the shoppers, so we are pretty excited about the solutions that we have in place for our retailers this year to adjust for any eventualities.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Certainly, we had strong growth in our ground and our deferred products. Speaking specifically to the Next Day Air, certainly our letter volume was down and that's tied to professional services with a slowdown in the financial services sector as a result of the interest rates climbing a bit and we did see a few losses from some of our large banks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. I think to that point, Jim, it's a Swiss army knife really, because we are changing residential into high density commercial sops, we are using it for these not-in-one alternate deliveries back to these access points. We are using it for e-commerce returns and prepaid drop-offs, so we are really excited about what it's enabling us to penetrate the B2C market in Europe cost effectively. We are over 10,000 in access points now, so we are now in the U.K. and Germany. Those were our expansion plans and we are continuing to grow in France, Benelux and Spain, and we are serving about 450 retailers at this particular point right now in the Europe, so we are really excited about the opportunity it's creating for us in the European environment.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. I would say that initially that the retailers were really looking at it to optimize their inventories by better utilizing their in-store and D.C. inventories. Shifting inventories sometimes all the way across the United States, in fact the goods were not selling in one part, but they could still get the list prices in another part of the country. Now what it shifted to is, how to compete in the local markets, so they are enabling - we are doing some things with late pickups in the evenings for these clients and enabling next day fulfillment in the local territory by utilizing our night source, so they are really using it in a wide variety of ways to both, become more effective with their inventory as well as serve the consumers in a better way to compete with other retailers in the marketplace. We have got probably about 25 large retailers underway today and they are using it to ship-to and from-stores, store-to-store, returns to the store and obviously some of those create even more B2B moves, which Kurt talked about earlier.
Jim Barber: No problem. Obviously, the base network, I think you would note as you said in the opening open, we have done a pretty good job over the years to balance that and utilize that. I think the other capabilities that we have in our forwarding unit go down the charters, the ability for a large customers to flex when they needed, so we can bring chatterers into the network or not. The other advantage that we have with network, the ability to flex it with extra rotations at peak capacity, so at that time we feel like we have got the baseline and the foundation, we have a very optimized network at the same time.
Jim Barber: Sure. Obviously, this quarter down $32 million, we had [$75 million] headwinds going against that. We talked about the headwinds coming, but at the same time, beneath that when you look across the geographies, you can see increasing momentum quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter. Right now, we have got very, very good growth and capabilities in Europe and our Americas business and you have heard some of the comments in the opening lines of the trans-border network, so as Asia continues to struggle a bit, in the middle of that, we adjust, we go forward and you have heard a couple other comments about some of our new integrated networks in Turkey and Poland that have great 20% growth year-over-year, so we are confident for best and we are confident when some of these headwinds get behind us, you will see that as well.
Jim Barber: Tom, the issue in international even though I know the currency adjusted yields for exports look very weak with the negative 5%, the vast majority of that impact is not pricing pressure. It is the trade lane mix and the user deferred products. As we said, our deferred products grew by 11%, and a very strong growth, the continent of Europe showed a 10% growth in shipments, so packages moving around Europe have substantially lower revenues, but also a lot less cost so we feel very comfortable that the market is competitive but stable on the price side. As we adjust and adapt and it is great to see Europe picking up steam, I think part of that is the economy getting a little firmer, but most of it is company-specific. As we had talked about early this year, we felt that as we focus back on organic growth strategy, you would see the results of that, so we are pretty comfortable with the pricing environments rational.
Jim Barber: I don't think it's a huge gap against the historical trends anyway. You know, we are seeing good positive momentum in International. I gave you the guidance on that. International, we are looking for profit growth, although frankly there are both, great opportunities and also some risks of a compressed peak season that and Myron will certainly talk about in little while. As you compress the holidays into less days, if things go smoothly and the weather is positive, then there is good opportunity. On the other hand, it does create some challenges, so we comfortable that we can deliver in the range that we have given and I think that the parts of the [Parcel] that we gave will help to back that up.
Jim Barber: We are still looking for that pickup pick up in manufacturing that's been called for. It's been slow all year long, but hopefully if we can make some decisions on Washington, we will get the manufacturing going again.
Jim Barber: Well, we have given you some pretty good sense for fourth quarter anyway and both, the opportunities and the challenges. We will be talking a lot more about 2014 next quarter anyway, so we are really not at a point to give any guidance going forward, but rest assured we are working hard to keep our customers satisfied and manage our cost.
Jim Barber: But it is something like as Kurt said, over the last 10 years pretty much every third quarter, we do an actuarial evaluation. We have done a great job on safety and every year we see benefit.
Jim Barber: Yes. I guess, over the last couple of days and about the last week or so some information has come out that actually contradicts that and that there are some backlogs out in Asia coming out. Quite frankly, the way we look at it right now is that there are some upticks in volume, obviously that would obviously coincide with some rate, but we planned for that. We know there is some capacity reductions in the market as well that kind of go in hand-in-hand, but I think over the next couple of weeks we will ultimately see what happens with the demand side, but we think, we at UPS, we are in good shape to handle that obviously with the way we run the network, but the other side of about the forwarding businesses is, it is a pretty volatile market all the time, you have to adjust to it and we feel like in the last couple of years, we invested nicely in some technology to help us do that in the years to come, so we are very comfortable with where the rates are going.
Jim Barber: We have made pretty good progress on our domestic business with the margins steadily improving and moving forward, so we feel that clearly we have done a lot of adaptation both, product shifts and economic changes. International, clearly with the headwinds and global trade that we saw for the last couple of years has probably been the bigger surprise and that is one where Jim and the network people have been very busy adapting to that, and hopefully you get a sense that we think we are making progress on that, but that's really the bigger probably difference since the investor conference couple of years ago.
Jim Barber: Really both in Europe, I think we are pretty proud over the last couple of years, we had some acquisitions in Poland, in Turkey and the U.K. all those integrations are done, behind us, and all of those markets quite frankly all growing double-digit, so that in the combination of the trans-border network over there and the express network, it's a really good story for us right now, so everything for the most is good obviously. Our next step with TNT, that's behind us now and now kind of turned our focus over our people and all that UPS has to offer the customers to emerging markets in some of the other places that we are now going, so we think the future is bright.
Jim Barber: As I said a minute ago, I mean, over the last couple of days some of the competitors have seen what appears to be some pickup in demand that's match against the capacity constrictions, but from our perspective, we feel like we are in good shape. As I said last quarter, we feel like we are bit too concentrated in some areas in forwarding that we will move in the next quarter to work through that, but we know that based upon the charter activity, we are being asked to perform right now in the previous couple of weeks and going forward. We know there is demand out there and we need to fulfill that, so we even feel like we are pretty comfortable with that.
Jim Barber: Yes. It is. I mean, the network has more expedited this year than last year, but that's something we have to adjust to and the network essentially is flat. It's got a different type of product in it this year, but that's not just with UPS. The whole supply chains across the world are moving that way. It doesn't mean it's going to stay that way in the future, but as it exist right now in the flat discussions we have had, it is flat and it has also got some down trade in it, but we have to then, back to David's comment adjust the network the right way to be able to keep it going forward for the customers and shareholders.
Jim Barber: A little bit. I mean, Europe, quite frankly, you have got obviously big strong ground trans-border networks that are a little bit different, but you've got I think the trade-down to expedite is more predominant in Asia obviously, because of the length of supply chain, so it's more predominant there from my perspective.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Ken. Thanks for the question. We are feeling very good about the activities in international. I'll let Jim talk a little bit about it, but you saw the very strong growth that we had in the quarter. We think that momentum is going to continue. Also the headwinds of the fuel and the currency did offset a lot of the hard work, so Jim, maybe you could talk a little bit about why you have increasing confidence in our international sector.
Kurt Kuehn: I guess to what we have I think pretty consistently estimated that an extra working day usually gives you about $50 million, maybe $60 million depending on when it hits anyway, so that's something we anticipate and plan and forecast for. Third quarter, every year is a year usually where we make entries for workers' comp and safety. Actually, last year, there was a little more of that in the fourth quarter than the third, so that gave us a little bit of a boost, but not material. Yes. We are accruing for the contract as it stands and as Scott said, we are working through the details on that and are looking forward to getting that wrapped up pretty soon.
Kurt Kuehn: Our healthcare expenses continue to be a challenge. We had made some modifications to our plans to help to manage cost, but still the Affordable Care Act is continuing to add a burden to us. The transition tax for covered life is a big deal for us. We think there is over $100 million of expense, so all-in-all that is a headwind that will be in the healthcare for next year on that.
