David Abney: All right. Thanks, Scott. This is David and then I’m going to hand it over to Jim to talk about some specifics. UPS, like most other U.S. multinationals, we certainly advocate for fair and balanced trade. And the China-U.S. trade uncertainty is prompting softer industry forecast in the region. We certainly encourage leaders of the two countries to find solutions that support increased two-way trade but also by ensuring many U.S. companies have access to export to China. Our customers have – some of our customers have adjusted their supply chains using the flexibility of the UPS global network to adapt to changing trade dynamics. And Jim, I’m going to ask you to talk about a couple of specific instances.
David Abney: Yes. So all of these products that Scott and Kate talked about and then the ones in the future that Kate kind of inferred, all of these are about giving our small and mid-sized customers a platform to really punch above their weight. So it allows these smaller businesses to actually compete with larger e-tailers but without having all the infrastructure and the costs that would burden them. So this is really where we can give them an alternative solution. It is a big focus of our SMB imperative and we’re really excited about it and have gotten excellent participation and feedbacks so far. So thank you for the question.
David Abney: Yes, Richard. When it comes to Amazon, we have to remember a very large company. They in-source and out-source different portions of their transportation network. As they grow they continue to change and add those vendors. We do not believe that there’s been a decrease in our volume levels due to them making a switch from one company to another. We still have a mutually beneficial relationship with Amazon and we feel that while we continue to focus on serving their needs that there is so much more to e-commerce than Amazon and we also have shared how we’re focusing on working with these other companies, SMBs and so we’ve shared that at the end of last year and it’s just a continued focus on improving the revenue quality. And we’re going to continue to do that. Thank you for the question.
David Abney: Yes. Helane, this is David. Let’s start with the U.S. And U.S. forecast reduced slightly. There was a few mixed signals but we still see growth and we see opportunity there. So starting out with what’s driving the economy and the solid consumer spending and inventory replenishment. And so we’re certainly focused on those two areas. When I said mixed, the manufacturing activity has slowed a little bit and we’re predicting a little bit lower industrial production in the second half. And while that’s small, the percent of increase has been reduced for 2019. Still plenty of opportunity there and that’s where our e-commerce strategic imperative is focused. And then we’ll switch to the global economic environment. It remains in a growth mode, slightly slower pace. And in Europe, the Europe GDP has been lowered for 2019 in part because of manufacturing slowness. And then Brexit of course remains a risk. We certainly have plans in place to handle however that turns out, but – so we are prepared to assist our customers. In Asia, China is still strong, maybe not as strong as in previous years, but Jim talked about some of those opportunities we see there, including into the U.S. and from the U.S. to China, but also China and the rest of the world. And so there is a lot of developments there that sometimes gets lost in the China-U.S. discussion. So that’s where we see the economy and we think that it gives us plenty of opportunities to focus and to apply our strategic imperatives. We feel good about the economy for the rest of the year.
David Abney: So as you heard during the call, UPS is adding innovative solutions and using technology to enrich our integrated network. Our transformation initiatives are improving efficiency and revenue quality. And we’ve made good progress this quarter in a dynamic environment. Strong execution in supply chain and international. U.S. domestic investments are driving momentum. Our built facilities are coming online earlier this year creating earlier benefits. And we continue to see growth opportunities that Kate has talked about earlier. So in summary, we had a good start to the year and we have momentum to embrace our future performance. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Jim Barber: Okay, David. Thanks. So I think David hit on it a couple of times on this uncertainty word and I think that’s an issue when you run a global network that you got to balance and deal with. With regard to China specifically, David also talked about in his opening remarks our addition of one of the 747-8s from Hong Kong into Europe. We still believe in China. We’re going to trade in and around China and how China evolves in the world we’ll move our network to support it. Keep in mind we’re still bringing the 747-8s and very specifically as well I’d like to add that the position of our South China hub in the Guangdong province connecting to Hong Kong, connecting to the other growth markets really continued to power our APAC network across the globe. In fact this quarter that we just finished, we actually had 3% more express on our airplanes out of APAC than we did last year in the same quarter for the U.S. and 2% more to Europe. So we adjust the network, we get the utilization rates right and we’re putting the right volume in the right network and we’ll continue to adjust as trade develops in the world in front of us. So I appreciate the question.
Jim Barber: Tom, it’s Jim. Let me add something to what Richard opened with and just to remind you that this year – when we came out of the gate, we said 2019 in the U.S. is about creating operating leverage. And you can start to see that in the first quarter if you look at the cost structure. To remind you of a couple other points that are beneath that and we think are important. First of all, hand-in-hand with that comes our service. Our service is at very high levels relative to the competition and even for ourselves over the last couple of years. We’re pretty proud of the service and by the way that leans into cost as well, because if you do things right the first time it’s actually cheaper and we provide the customers the great service. We’ll keep on the revenue quality. Kate and others will talk about that as we go forward. The transformation [non-ops] [ph] is coming through. The efficiencies are coming through. We’re focused on almost 80% of our network touching automation by the end of this year which is very good going forward. Remember, we got 323 ground Saturday operations running in full flight this year and you just keep going and then you’ll hear more in the future about peak season. So for us as we move forward and to the margins Rich talked about, you should start to see us perform better and better and better on operating leverage in the U.S. and that’s our commitment to our shareholders this year.
Jim Barber: Let me start and then I’ll give it to Kate too. Certainly as we mentioned a minute ago, the trade setup for this year has changed a little bit than we saw coming in, but that’s our job to adjust to that. So we’ve got situations in all the regions that we’re adapting our global network. Out in Asia as I talked about a minute ago with David, it’s moved. Keep in mind what I didn’t mention to you at that time is that our block hours are down. So that’s how we end up creating operating leverage. Ultimately Rich talked about the margins and we talked about the movement of that. When you really get behind international and how we are on maturity, we’ve got great options to continue to grow no matter what products our customers chose from us. They’ll migrate between products based upon their needs and growth aspirations. Our job is to get the network right. We did manage some customers, as Rich talked about, some low yielding ones in Europe this quarter that kind of mask some of the results and puts some of that intraregional growth in the mid-single digits. Absent that, you look to the bottom line profitability of the margins, it was a really good quarter for us and we plan to continue that. I’ll ask Kate to add a few comments to that.
Jim Barber: So, Rich, I’m going to take it from Juan, because I think – I want to package it together with some of what Juan mentioned on the first time he spoke. I think it’s important to remember that we went into transformations. You hear Scott and us talk a lot about non-op and procurement and the other benefits. But make no mistake, because we invest in this network and put the capital in, there are efficiency gains that are material in this business that will come through between now and this run rate of 2022 as we go forward and they are not insignificant and we are in the early innings of that. 2018 peak was step one. You start to see the cost mitigate in Q1. And the leverage we’re talking about in this pivot year is there’s a material piece on the cost side, it’s not just revenue quality and you’ll see that unfold as we go quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter, Allison. And it’s in all facets of the business, that’s the thing is when you get the hub and spoke opened, back up, the efficiencies come, on the inbound side, in the hubs, in the network, on the road, then you put ORION and you put EDGE and you put all the other technology Juan talks about, it is material. And as we go quarter-by-quarter and we actually put this on paper for you, I think we’ll do a really good job of laying out for you more and probably in a cost per piece example than we are right now in the first quarter.
Kate Gutmann: Thanks. I’ll start with the customer. Small medium-sized customers really needed help with managing the complexities of bringing their product to market as they brought it through different channels and marketplaces. So UPS e-fulfillment which we announced recently actually connects them to 21 marketplaces through just one easy UPS login. We bundle the fulfillment and transportation services and give them two-day time in transit which helps them better compete in the market. It also opens up opportunities for us as a company in different revenue streams. So this along with what Scott covered has given us a wide array of offerings for the customers and we have additional exciting new products coming soon.
Kate Gutmann: I’ll just add that for the 14th consecutive quarter we did see export growth in our international regions. And also as Jim mentioned before, in Asia as an example more express on the airplanes and again exports in Europe continuing. So we are – our portfolio allows the customers to trade up and down and many are doing some of each. Thanks.
Kate Gutmann: Yes. Hi, David. This is Kate. I’ll take that. So overall we improved the revenue quality. And again I’ll just note the changes that or points that Richard made on weather impact and the underlying performance, that also impacts revenue per piece. But ground RPP was actually at 2.9% in the U.S., strongest quarter we have had first quarter growth in four years. And then if you look to your question, we had above market air growth rates which we actually saw a broad base of customer usage; small and medium-sized business, healthcare related as well as of course retail. And yes, to the question on mix, we saw more saver growth specifically within nexAir [ph] product and that can impact revenue per piece as well as a shorten zone which impacts that, but it’s just less of a flight path that the package takes. So that’s – obviously we do continue our focus unchanged and remain committed to both quality revenue as well as maintaining market share. Thanks.
Kate Gutmann: Hi, Allison. This is Kate. I’ll take that question. So B2B growth as you noted was strong and the best first quarter growth in several years as well as we saw similar rates of growth with B2C, so a nice balance between the two. When we look further into it, we continue to enhance our leadership position in B2B and our solutions are resonating with healthcare customers, for instance, hospitals and labs and seeing the growth there throughout all of the segments. And then also in retail extensive returns, shipments going through say the UPS Store and our other access points to distribution centers and return centers grew quite well. So we continue to focus on growing both and just will continue to fortify the mix that we see.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Tom. This is Richard. I’ll start the question and then Jim will talk a little bit about it. If you look at the actual guidance we do see 2019 as a year of real progress. The quarters are changing a little bit, but they were in our plans that way. We wanted to make sure that you had the right visibility and understanding with transformation. The quarter’s changed because we’re opening new buildings in the second quarter that drive benefits in the second half of the year. In the third quarter, we’ve got those new buildings. We see escalating efficiency in the buildings we opened in late 2018. We have the extra work day. We have the commodity tailwind versus last year and we have the DRP, a full run rate in the third quarter. Those are all good proof points of why the year sets up well and the second half operating profit growth will lead to the double digit operating growth that we expect for 2019 in U.S.
Richard Peretz: So I’ll first talk a little bit about the unpacking of the guidance and the revenue and let’s actually start with the revenue and then David’s going to talk a little bit on the second part of your question. When you look at the revenue especially in the U.S., what we see is underlying growth about 4.5% but we recognize we had weather and operating day change as well as the movement of Easter. So the organic growth was strong. When you look at what we’re doing in opening new buildings we’ve called out in the past as we open buildings, we do have certain startup costs that go into those buildings. By opening that 30% in the second quarter to total 50 by end of the third quarter, what we’re really doing is making sure that as we move into the fourth quarter the efficiency gains that we’re seeing right now in the new buildings, we’re also seeing in this year, in the second half of the year as we especially go into third and fourth quarter. Those startup costs are around things that you would expect as we hire and train people, as we put in the last bit of supply tools and needs, things like that. So those were all part of what we put into the second quarter, what we expect out of the third quarter and fourth quarter. It’s very deliberate in the third quarter and you see benefits from these new buildings as well as the other things I’ve called out. And with that, I think that kind of tell you about why guidance and why we believe 2019 will be so well. And I’ll turn it over to David.
Richard Peretz: So we do look at that and over one quarter doesn’t define how that product is moving. Generally speaking if I take the last four quarters combined, the characteristics haven’t been as pronounced as this quarter. But I think you have to also remember weather has an impact. Because when you start having weather impact, your small and medium-sized customers lose that day of business where your larger customers when it gets to customer mix can move it around the country and avoid the weather. And we saw some of that in the numbers this quarter. If it’s appropriate at the right time, if it’s really changing, we would give you that color as well.
Richard Peretz: So, Scott, I think the first thing is and let’s knock out the easiest one first. We called out a specific number around commodity FX headwinds in the third quarter principally driven by the Turkish lira last year that lost something like 60% during the third quarter and came back a lot of it in the fourth and we called that out as well. In terms of the work day, we’ve given you the information on that. And then the VRP full run rate is also something we gave the range, annual savings in the low 200s and so now we get a full quarter of that run rate. So those are all very specific dollar amounts. And then what you look across the international business separate from the commodities, you also are wrapping the benefits we saw from some market activity based on some cyber attacks that occurred with one of our competitors. And so this first and second quarter we’re still wrapping that year-over-year, but in the third and fourth we don’t. And then in supply chain and freight we continue to see the benefits we’re seeing in this quarter we do expect to continue to see mid-double digit growth there as we called out in the first quarter. So third and fourth quarter are better returns and they’re better returns for very specific reasons that we have set out both in the U.S. because of what we’re doing today. I actually mentioned that the third quarter earnings per share should be about 28% of the annual guide number that we called out earlier in the year.
Richard Peretz: Sure. So I think the first thing we look at is, UPS generates strong operating cash flow. We think 2019 will be another good year. Last year, we started doing initiatives around working capital and we saw that benefit. Those working capital initiatives, we have additional ones on the list that we’ll continue to complete and as we complete those, we will share the results and a go-forward look at that. Now, you did hit on this permanent shift. And what that means is we actually have better cash flow in the fourth quarter going forward because of the long-term value of the transformation initiatives we put in place. But most importantly as we do see upside potential, we’re implementing initiatives. And as they come through, we’ll start sharing that a little bit more. In terms of the CapEx side of it, our CapEx really is about improving the efficiency of our network and at the heart of that is both the technology and the buildings that we’re creating. So this year, we expect to spend about $7 billion, we spent $1.5 billion in the first quarter which is right in line with where we expected and we’ll continue to lean into that. We talked about this year level being about where we just talked about a moment ago, and it’s really about driving efficiency and lowering costs in the network over the long term and we do expect and we are seeing some of that now, and we’ll see even more of it in the second half of the year.
Richard Peretz: Well, I think we’ve given you guidance for that – we’re in the middle of the three-year process. And at the appropriate time and we continue to look at that and evaluate that, we’ll come back to you with the right numbers.
Richard Peretz: So, Allison, we are in the middle of really three years of opening some large amount of additional capacity. The timing across quarters is going to be a little different because what we’re seeing is the benefits are apparent. Our cost per piece ex-fuel grew about just under 2.5% and if you adjust to weather, it’s actually around 2% growth, which is the lowest it’s been in several years. That’s principally driven by the efficiencies that we’re getting out of the network. We now have somewhere between 55% and 60% of eligible volume going through automated facilities. That will keep growing. We’ve called out not only the facility automation, but we’re in the middle of implementation of the ORION 2. And I’m actually going to hand it off to Juan to talk a little bit about it. But it’s all part of what we laid out is our margin growth and getting to double-digit operating profit growth for the U.S. for 2019.
Richard Peretz: So, Brandon, this is Richard. I think on the CapEx side, I’ll take that part. And then I’ll have Juan talk a little bit about the actual buildings. But on the CapEx side, you’re right. We talked about a three-year peak of CapEx and then it’s moderating down. We’re still on plans for that. It’s just a little early to give you what we’re going to do in 2020 and 2021. But we continue to look at different options and alternatives based on the flow of packages and really the benefits we’re getting out of these buildings, which are slightly better than we originally thought even. So it’s a little too early to give that but at the same time, what we’ve guided in terms of three years and then coming down, that moderation will occur. And at the appropriate time we’ll give a better feel for that. But I’ll turn it over to Juan to talk about the actual buildings.
Juan Perez: Good morning, Scott. Juan Perez here. Thank you for the questions. Let me start first with the first part of the question related to automation. A couple of parts to that question. In 2018, to your point, we opened 22 new or retrofit automated facilities globally. That represented an addition of about 5 million square feet globally; 4 million in the U.S., 1 million in international and we ended up opening a number of regional sortation facilities that provided great benefit to the organization this past peak and we continue to see that now in Atlanta, Salt Lake City and a couple of other parts of the organization. In 2019, we will be bringing on an additional 20 new or retrofit automated facilities globally. That will also represent roughly 5 million square feet or 400,000 packages per hour of automated sortation capacity in the organization. And these expanded automated facilities are in Tennessee, in California. We’ll have some in Kentucky and Ohio as well and we’ll go to Germany as well this year. Now looking at the benefits of that technology, certainly we’re seeing significant improvement in our productivity in those automated facilities as they continue to reach maturity. The second part of your question related to some of the operational technologies we’ve implemented, we are on track on getting the expected benefits of our ops technology. They’re all part of the smart logistics network strategy that we’ve defined in the organization. We’re already in deployment of ORION DIAD navigation in almost 10,000 drivers across the network, seeing significant benefits in terms of miles reduction related to the technology. When it comes to EDGE, the EDGE initiatives are in deployment. We’re now seeing improvements in consolidation of operations, reducing expense, work simplification. And lastly, as we look at the future we continue to find other opportunities to continue to improve our network. We’re well on our way on our small package [ph] initiative. That is going to provide great benefit to UPS in the years to come, new automation solutions as well. And by the way I don’t want to forget about this. We’re also very excited about the types of customer technologies that we’re bringing onto the mix. New solutions that we’re deploying today but as Kate alluded earlier, we’re also building new solutions to support our customers across the network. Thank you.
Juan Perez: Great. Thank you, Scott. We’ve learned a lot through our tests with drone technology, one-off drone solutions are not scalable. To complement our already robust delivery network with drone deliveries requires an effective ecosystem of solutions. So what we’re doing for that is we’re bringing the great expertise we built over the years in analytics and operations research to be able to do a few things to support these ecosystem. The first one is, we’re using analytics to identify how to best utilize this technology. We’re applying operations research expertise to determine how to maximize the value of this solution within the network that we already have, which is very efficient. And lastly, we definitely believe that these are required to have a solid approach to optimizing the value of this technology in the future and we believe we have that.
Juan Perez: Sure, Richard. Close to 60% of our planned building automation projects by 2022 are already completed. That’s on the large building automation type projects. And as David alluded earlier, we’re already seeing the types of benefits that we get from these automation in the network. Close to 65% of our small sort automation projects that we targeted by 2022 are also completed. And in both scenarios, we’re actually on track to get to the targets that we defined to have solid automation across our network to provide benefits to the organization.
