David Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings review. We will talk in a few moments about the CFO transition announced this morning, but first, we are going to review the quarter.  I am pleased to report UPS produced solid performance across all the segments. Earnings per share increased more than 14% led by International. This segment continues to demonstrate positive momentum as our unmatched integrated network generates high returns and significant value for customers around the world. The US Domestic segment performed as planned. Our actions on revenue management and pricing drove revenue per piece higher during the first quarter. The pace of volume moderated as we chose to forego some lower yielding opportunities. And in the Supply Chain and Freight segment, revenue and operating profit improved over last year as all three business units made progress.  The first quarter’s results demonstrate that we are on track with our core business initiatives, both for the remainder of 2015 and for our long-term financial targets. Last year, at the Investor Conference, we outlined five key investment areas. These include improvements in capacity, efficiency and our strategies for growth markets.  In addition, we’ve detailed our industry-specific focus and the One UPS initiative. We are moving forward in all five areas. In terms of greater efficiency, we improved productivity and operating leverage during the quarter. Investments in hub automation and route optimization projects are on schedule.  In fact, we expect the accelerated deployment of ORION will reduce a 100 million miles annually once fully implemented. We are on plan to complete 70% of driver routes by the end of this year. To support the core business initiative of expanding industry-specific solutions, UPS enhanced two services to assist healthcare customers.  We introduced our new Temperature True Packaging service which includes expert consultation and exclusive packaging options. These shipping containers are pre-qualified for use in our network and designed to fit our customers’ budget and risk requirements.  Next was the expansion of our international special commodities program to 20 new destination countries. This allows UPS customers to ship biologic samples and specimens to more than 50 nations. These solutions will provide growth opportunities with new and existing healthcare clients.  Our third initiative is capitalizing on growth markets. As demonstrated by our International segment, especially the strong growth that we continue to produce in Europe. The multi-year investments we’ve made there have positioned UPS to extend our ten plus years of near double-digit growth rates for the region.  Another great example of a growth opportunity for UPS is the online retail. To strengthen our position as the e-commerce shipper of choice, we are expanding the access point network, our unique network of retail locations that both improves the consumers’ experience and provides better stop economics.  In January, we increased the US footprint to include the more than 4400 UPS store locations. In May, we will add non-UPS store locations in the Boston, San Francisco and Washington DC metro markets. These expansions will bring the total access point locations to more than 20,000 by the year end. This unique channel is a key component of our global B2C strategy.  As I reviewed at the Investor Conference, combining the many capabilities of UPS to meet customers’ supply chain needs is the foundation of our One UPS strategy. To increase awareness, we began a campaign to highlight the breadth of services that differentiates UPS in the marketplace.  The tagline says it all. We are UPS, and to customers, we are united problem solvers. This play on our name and the entire campaign invites shippers to experience the can do, customer-centric, problem-solving culture of UPS.  The goal is, both the new customer acquisition and deeper collaboration with existing shippers. These five investment areas are key to achieving our financial targets.  I want to reinforce that UPS is intensely focused on creating and enhancing long-term shareowner value. This will be achieved by providing differentiated solutions delivered by highly skilled UPS.  Our belief in both the UPS business model and the execution of our strategy was conveyed by the recent 9% dividend increase. We have a 46 year history of providing UPS investors an increasing or stable dividend. When combined with share repurchases, we expect total returns to shareholders to exceed 100% of our net income again this year.  This quarter clearly affirms that we are moving in the right direction and on track to achieve our financial objectives.  Now, Kurt will take you through the details. 
David Abney: As you know, UPS issued a second press release announcing the retirement of Kurt Kuehn and the appointment of Richard Peretz as CFO. Kurt has served UPS for nearly 38 years and has been the CFO for the last eight. I have come to relying on his leadership and support over many years.  I’ve also worked with Richard in previous assignments, especially when we were on the front-lines of expanding UPS’s International footprint. He has broad financial leadership experience and operations and corporate across many aspects of the finance area.  He is well prepared to take on this elevated responsibility. Kurt will be with us as CFO until July 1st in order to assist Richard and the UPS team with the transition. An important part of that transition will include visits with investors for Richard to gain further insights into our company and markets.  Following the Q&A period, I am going to turn the phone over to Kurt for closing remarks, but now, I’d like to introduce, Richard. 
David Abney: Our revenue management initiatives certainly are gaining traction. We expect that to continue, but we have to remember, this is a multi-pronged strategy. I mean, yes we are working on pricing initiatives and especially along peak season lines, but we are also focusing on creating unique solutions for our customers that brings additional value.  And then of course, focusing on operating efficiencies that would give us the results we want to. So, it’s a multi-prong strategy and it’s something that will be throughout the year. 
David Abney: You know, and I think, I’d probably word it just a little bit different than maybe on the question, as far as walking away, I think it’s more that we do choose sometimes not to pursue some of these lower yielding contract renewals. But we are constantly working with our customers on how we can add value and how we can optimize our network for them. So it’s not like we just walk away. We try to give options and we try to show the value. There are some cases that we choose not to pursue. 
David Abney: Certainly, I can, first, I’ll just remind everyone that the FedEx, TNT deal that is complex deal and we expect that regulatory agencies will be as stringent on this deal as they have been on previous deals. Then when you talk about opportunities in Asia. Obviously, Asia and emerging markets were always pursuing those opportunities.  Let’s don’t forget the fact that that we have experienced just great returns from our Europe markets and we certainly don’t expect that to change. Over the last ten years, our Europe export average daily volume has more than doubled and we’ve previously announced a five year capital deployment plan that’s approaching about $2 billion. So, we are adding capacity. We are expanding our capabilities. We have a real good business in Europe and we expect it to continue to grow and we are as excited as we have been at any time about Europe. 
David Abney: The first quarter just really affirms that we are moving in the right direction. And that we are on track for our financial objectives and we really had solid performance across all three of the segments. 
David Abney: All right, from a macro point of view and then I’ll turn it over to Jim. But the – International growth is not expected to be quite as strong as previous estimates. It’s not 2.8% GDP growth versus 3.0%. So the outlook is really mixed at the regional level. In Europe, the growth is estimated to be 1.9%.  So, previously forecasted at 1.7% and that’s really driven by Germany, and one key point here I think is, for the year, the real UPS – excuse – EU real exports are forecasted to grow at 4.8% this year in 2015. So, Jim, turn it over to you to talk about the specifics.
David Abney: We feel real good about Europe this year and we do have a great track record. We are investing heavily to expand our business. But there is a little bit of transition going on with some of the players in the market and we are certainly going to emphasize our message that we have a fantastic service offering. We meet our customers’ needs there and we are going to continue to invest and grow in this important part of our business.
David Abney: Okay, first when it comes to the US, the outlook is certainly mixed. I mean there were some recent disappointing employment news in March and we’ve seen IP and the retail data maybe be not as positive as we would have thought.  There are some headwinds. We talked a little bit about the West Coast Port, don’t know if that’s going to fade away pretty quickly of if this is going to continue. But the strengthening US dollar and the cautious consumer when it comes to spending, but then on the bright side, you see that, ASMO has gotten off to a strong start this year. January over 14% and February, almost that same level. So, I would say that, it’s just a mixed performance. We are focused on maintaining our strategies and I think it was a good solid performance for the first quarter. But there are some headwinds out there. 
David Abney: Okay, and thanks for your questions. I think as you can see today that, our answers were really focused about creating unique solutions to our customers to create more value on our pricing initiatives and obviously on increasing our operating efficiency.  But now, we are going to cut it a little bit short today to give Kurt a chance to say a few final words before closing out the call. Like many long time UPS employees, Kurt began his career as a package car driver, while in college and progressed quickly through management.  Whether working on international growth, expansion into the industry segments or integration of several strategic acquisitions, Kurt has contributed exceptional judgment and fresh perspectives. His partnership character and capacity to find solutions has helped UPS advance through many challenges while remaining true to the needs of our customers, shareowners, and employees.  Kurt is just a great example of a business executive first and a finance executive second. I appreciate his thoughtful candor and welcome his knowledge and broad perspective. While I’ll personally miss Kurt as a partner and as a friend, I am happy to also announce Rich’s appointment. Richard has been with the company nearly 34 years. I believe he will contribute the right mix of experience and new thinking to help UPS continue to attain profitable growth.  So, Kurt, it’s all yours. 
Kurt Kuehn: Great. Congratulations again, Richard. Richard and I’ve worked together for more than 20 years on many of the most important company developments throughout our shared history. I think he will learn that he has tremendous ability to simplify complex business issues and develop a sound financial perspective, even on the most difficult transactions and issues. He is a capable leader who is ready to take on the critically important job of guiding the company’s financial strategies and leading the financial team.  And I can’t hope but note, Richard that since this is your first appearance on an earnings call, it will also be your easiest. I am still going take on point on answering questions for this quarter, but Q2 will be yours and with David’s leadership and the rest of the management team of course to help.  David, I’ll turn it back over to you. 
Kurt Kuehn: Okay, great. Okay, operator, it is my pleasure for the last time to say, we are now ready to take questions on the quarter. Please open the lines. 
Kurt Kuehn: Sure, the – clearly, you can see on our reported yields that even with the headwinds of fairly substantial fuel surcharges, we showed substantial gain. So, the dim weight is one piece of that. Alan, maybe you could talk a little more about the revenue management more ahead. 
Kurt Kuehn: No, I think, we are pursuing a consistent revenue management strategy. We have talked last year that following peak season, we were going to migrate and to being more price disciplined. And so, this is not a one-time issue. It’s just a continuation of our strategy. 
Kurt Kuehn: So, if I look at April, compared to the first quarter, it continues on and remember in the Freight segment, we are kind of in that transition we have a very targeted growth plan. You can see that in some of the numbers coming through. So you will see lower growth, more targeting of the freight that’s in the network. We’ll continue that.  The West Coast Port stoppage in the first quarter gave us some lift, that’s mitigating as we speak. But we have to balance that network obviously with the small package network. Chinese New Year, we had a really good new year this year. We had some great alignment of the network to the volume.  That will continue and so it’s just a continuation in our minds of balancing the right network with the right volume at the right levels going forward and I think the first quarter was a success and we see the same things starting off the second quarter. 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, so, a couple of things. We are very focused on industry-specific solutions that we are building for the hi-tech, the healthcare, the automotive industrial, manufacturers that’s out there. So that we can win more and win faster in those specific areas.  Certainly, e-commerce though is also driving a significant amount of our B2B growth through returns as well as manufacturers that ship B2B going more into the e-commerce realm. So, it’s really a mix there. So we are pretty excited about the fact that e-commerce is beginning to generate some significant B2B business.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Kelly, it is becoming pretty blurred these days. So we are – at this point, we are really not adding anything to that. 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, those trends have been pretty consistent. We have seen our standard and deferred products grow faster than our premium express products for a number of years. So, with our aligned network, it’s not a big deal. One thing though that I guess, I do want to highlight, if you look at the yields that there was certainly some impact from the shift of products, but the biggest issue on yields by far is the currency impact.  And so, it is – we do have on Page 3, the schedule of revenue per piece that we’ve always had there. But with Rich coming in as our Treasurer, he decided to give a little gift to you guys and we actually created a new schedule on Page 3 there that shows total company revenue-adjusted for currencies. So, Rich, maybe you could talk a little bit about currencies.
Kurt Kuehn: So, that’s really been the biggest issue on reported revenues. The trade-down is a small piece of it, but, anyway, we thought being transparent on just what is happening with currency was an important element there and we are fortunate to have locked in a couple of years worth coverage on the euro and the pound that’s certainly helping to keep the financial results solid for the foreseeable future.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think one way to look at it, and I’ll let Alan talk a little bit about the contracts, but certainly the initial impact of dim weight has been primarily on the revenue side. But ultimately, we are working with a large number of customers to adjust their packaging, that’s the real intent to this. And so, if anything we have said, the revenue impact will moderate a little over time and the economic benefit of less air in our feeders will come through.  So, we did see a big benefit in the first quarter and as we work with customers to reduce their costs then that will migrate. And then certainly with some long-term contracts there are some other ramifications. 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I’ll let you cheat. It’s because the final farewell question here. And I’ll let margin – I’ll have Myron – excuse me – talk about the margin enhancement activities. In general, just to highlight the impact of fuel a little bit, for the International business, there was a benefit of fuel of about $30 million or so. In general, coverage for fuel and International was not a 100%, so as fuel dropped we got a benefit although the lag accounted for a lot of that. On the Domestic side, actually, fuel was relatively neutral for us in the quarter.  Traditionally, there is a benefit from the lag as it drops, but with fuel dropping frankly to unexpected levels, our coverage ratio is at the very low end of the fuel curve were not complete and that in effect, offset the lag. We did tweak the curves a little bit in February and so that will be relatively neutral going forward. But, we did not get a material benefit on fuel in the first quarter. So, Myron, maybe you talk a little bit about the margin enhancing activities we are working on. 
Kurt Kuehn: I’ll start with the last piece of that once again. No, the cash build in Q1 is more just typical seasonal from Q4 where we have a lot of receivables coming at the end of the year. For Q1, where our CapEx is usually low that we do see the balance sheet swell. So, if you go back to last year, you’ll see similar trends.  So, no, we are on track for our guidance of about $3 billion in CapEx this year and certainly continuing to modernize hubs is important. Myron, maybe you could talk a little bit about the status and benefits of that.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think, depending on which segment of the business you talk to they, that are enjoyed it or struggled with it. So, Jim, maybe you could talk a little bit about the West Coast disruption in general and how that impacted results.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, unfortunately, we are not a manufacturer that has a lot of discretion, Helane. So, certainly, we continue to look at our tax structure in the very high statutory rate of the US is a drag on US companies. And certainly, we are a great example of that. So, David constantly ask me that question and we do what we can. But, to some extent, we are a business where you have to operate where the volumes are. So there is not a tremendous amount of discretion.  But, as the International business continues to grow and we expand across the globe, that does have a somewhat beneficial effect that lowers it slightly, but still in the main – the majority of that does get hit with the US taxes. That’s why we are big proponents of a more rational US tax platform and that would be a good step for us and help us compete more effectively across the globe.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, thanks, David and thanks for letting me get the final word here. But now it’s been a wonderful career at UPS and I’ve been privileged to tackle a number of major projects working for this great company.  Certainly, the one event that comes to mind is when I first met many of you on the call, which was our IPO in 1999 and got the unique opportunity to be UPS’s first Investor Relations Officer after a history of 92 years as a private company.  I was a bit overwhelmed at first, but was extremely proud to represent this great company as we migrated from the private company we were to the public markets and would like to thank a number of you on the call there for your professionalism over the years have given us the benefit of the doubt and helping us communicate the UPS story.  There have also been a lot other highlights along the way and in every case, my recollections will be strongly enhanced by the memory of working with such a great team that we have here at UPS. I’ve had the great fortune from starting as a package driver to assuming the CFO role back in 2008 to have an incredible breadth of assignments and clearly it’s truly transformed both me and my view of the world.  And so, I’ve been honored to have served and helped position this company for the future. But I do know, it’s now time to get out of the way and allow more capable executives like Richard to takeover, little younger, little faster, little smarter. He joins a dynamic management committee that has been assembled by David and together, they have both the vision and the dedication that will take UPS to new levels of success.  As the official old-timer on the UPS team, I am already dreaming about having some leisure time to do some of the other things I love, maybe learn how to play piano, get in shape and certainly work on my ass fishing will be good places to start.  In the near-term, I am looking forward to seeing many of the participants on today’s call in the upcoming meetings or conferences that Richard and I make visits during this transition. So, thanks to everyone for your well wishes today and I look forward to seeing many of you as the part of our upcoming meetings.  With that, our call is adjourned.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, Kurt. Pricing has been a real positive story. We are certainly proud of our sales and marketing team discipline and the value selling. As you can see, we were 200 basis points better than last year’s year-over-year growth rate with even a much larger fuel drag. So the impact came at the high-end of our expectation range and certainly the dim weight along with other revenue management practices contributed to that.  Also on the call, previously, Kurt’s and I believe David’s comments, they talked about us not renewing some lower yield in customers. Switching to peak real quickly, we’ve got a comprehensive strategy in place that’s already begun to increase the revenue from customers that urge during the peak season and then also drive additional operating expenses.  Price increases again it can be generally applied to the residential products and other high cost areas, but they will vary by customer and those revenue initiatives are already built into the guidance. 
Alan Gershenhorn: It really all comes down to, I think what David talked about the balance as well as the value that we are creating for the customers. So, we are very focused on creating value for the specific industries that we are targeting and yes, in some cases, we do see those customers come back. But I just want to reiterate that we are firm in our strategy to further align the revenue with the cost throughout the year including peak season. 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so, yes, we are actually encouraged by the progress we are making in balancing the volume growth and the yield. We did actually see a dip in the average daily volume in February that aligned with some of the bad weather in the Northeast and other areas of the country. And also some of those pricing decisions not to renew the low yield agreements. 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so, for the first time in a very, very long time, our B2B growth was actually a bit stronger than our B2C and as you know, our deferred volumes were also strong and the SurePost while it’s still strong, certainly, year-over-year slowing down as that product becomes more mature. Just keep in mind that this is just a one quarter data and we are still expecting about 3% growth for the year. 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, I mean, I think it’s a combination of both. So you’ve got our customers that we are working with to get smarter on their packaging which obviously helps us add on the side, but we’ll take the revenue down a bit and then we’ve got some longer term contracts that we’ll be able to capture a bit more the dim weight opportunity going forward.  What we are looking at this year is that, we already stated that we are at the high-end of the 2% to 3% base rate that we look for and our expectation is that that’s going to continue through the year. 
Alan Gershenhorn: No, again, so, all of our – so all the packages in the US package portfolio are now dim weight eligible. So it really becomes a question, we are talking about really is, what’s under the covers in the contracts and I think again, you are going to see what the work that we are doing with our customers to improve their packaging to reduce the size of their packages will probably be an offset to some of the gains we get from contracts expiring and being renewed with stronger dim weight language.
Jim Barber: Sure, I would appreciate the question. I think it is a blend. I think if you start in Europe, you’ve heard us talk for a couple of quarters about the growth there and some of the challenges we had and the Group has done a great job over the last couple of quarters to put that into the network and you also heard us discuss the expansion of the network in Europe in investment, that’s starting to payoff as well and some of the operating efficiencies and I think the other big one for us in the quarter is out in Asia.  Even with some of the slower growth, I think the team has done a very good job to cut the network and balance what’s going into the network and I would say, those are the two biggest drivers especially in the Inter-Asia network and the European network as well to drive the numbers this quarter. 
Jim Barber: Sure, David, the – I guess, I’ll just hit on trade flows real quickly. The kind of the balance of the network certainly at this point with the strength of the dollar, we are seeing a move of imports to exports. Europe is a big piece of that. We kind of right now after the first quarter have a gap of about 6% between growth of imports and exports. We’ll balance that.  We have to balance the network. We’ll look at how we rate export and import rates across the world, but that’s just part of the normal running of the business. The domestic in Europe, specifically, that just is a continuation of the investments over the last decade as David referenced. We continue to do that and invest in some of those. The acquisitions we’ve made over the previous years help us grow. So, the solutions that are in place will are paying off and they will continue to pay off going forward. 
Jim Barber: Yes, I would add probably three quick points to that. One, and then we already touched on one, one is kind of the balance of trade here. And how that plays out relative to some of the currencies moving in the world. I think, you also have fuel in here that is one of those wild cards that we are not sure how that’s going to work We also have to look at a little bit of China slowing in this discussion.  We can’t forget that at any time. And I think the last part is that, as we’ve gone through this, we have purposely said that we are going to slow some of the growth until our investments catch-up with it and then we’ll fire the engine up faster again.  So this is kind of one of those purposed slowing to let the investments catch-up, reinvigorate it and keep moving forward. So, we are going to kind of dip it down a little bit from a revenue or a volume revenue. But that will be very targeted in our revenue management activities to do that. So that’s our plan. 
Jim Barber: Sure, I think that, David, I think it’s in all segments. I think, from a Cargo perspective, our first quarter was very big, no question about that. That was up heavy double-digits and that actually runs through obviously the impact of the small package network we had trade-ups from – into the Air segment from our Freight business and we also had some moving into small package business.  So I think, Kurt has framed it at somewhere between $5 million and $10 million impact to the first quarter. As a lift in total, we don’t see that continuing long-term. Therefore, we kind of pull that out, but that’s kind of the impact from this segment. 
