Brian Newman: No, just Ravi, if you back out that SurePost volume that Carol alluded to we’d actually be up 4% in ground in Domestic business for the quarter.
Brian Newman: Ken, on the cost front, I think I articulated what drove the 730 BPS of increase in the second quarter. If you look at the first half of the year, our cost per piece was about 6.5%. So, mid-single digit. I think we would anticipate that looking to be somewhat similar from a CPP basis in the second half of the year. We can unpack that for us if you want more detail.
Brian Newman: Well, I think from a cost perspective, Ken, one of the elements that’s driving that cost per piece is our union labor increase in August. So, when you look sequentially from the first half of the year to the back half of the year, it’s a fairly material number when you look at the market rate adjustments and the union increase. It’s a north of $400 million. So it’s about 150 BPS on the margin.
Brian Newman: Sure, Amit. Our current forecast that we are holding for the second half of the year is low-single-digit from an ADB perspective. So, I am not going to get into Q3 versus Q4 as there is a lot of movement right now in the market. But we had one each was about 4%. We are expecting low-single-digit, slightly lower than that in the second half.
Brian Newman: Hey, Allison, I’ll take that. So, when you look at the RPP in the quarter, we were up Domestic 13.4%. Two-thirds of that improvement came from customer product mix and surcharges. And as you think about the surcharges and the mix, the big driver of mix was SMB volume, which - it increased to 27.2% of our total mix. If you think back to last year in Q2, that was down at about 21.2%.  So we’re on that journey at the Investor Day. We talked that we wanted to get north of 30% to hit the high end of our guidance. We’re well on the way of that journey and we feel good. Lastly, on the rate component. We are not even really halfway through the rate contractual negotiations as those contracts open back up. So there is still more gas in the tank across the three levers.
Brian Newman: Allison, just in terms of the margin and sequential performance, look, we plan for positive spreads between RPP and CPP on a quarterly basis. So, that’s our objective. It’s probably a little tighter in Q3 than it is four. And I just remind you the journey we are on, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are going towards that 12% by 2023.  And I think at the Investor Day I had mentioned we want to be more than halfway there by 2021. The guidance of 10.1 versus the 7.7 last year, we had 240 basis points in the first year that leaves another 200 basis points over a two year basis. So I think we passed that 50% mark and we are confident that we’ll deliver that 12%.
Brian Newman: And I just, Helane, I just follow-up, we are still adding capacity when we look at the business. So, in terms of this year, we’ll bring on seven new retrofit lines, about 2 million square feet of space, 130,000 pieces per hour and it’s a journey. As Carol mentioned, we’ve got about a 60-40 split in terms of our buildings and facilities and capacity and future growth making 60%, maintenance 40% or less.  So I think we will continue to evaluate. The thing I would highlight is, with ROIC going up to 28% on a full year basis, we are very happy with the returns that we are making in the business, as Carol mentioned with the excess cash, if we find areas to continue to invest and grow the business, we’ll certainly do that.
Brian Newman: Yes, I think from a margin perspective, Scott, what’s plus up or plus down drivers, I think Scott and the team are focused on controlling what they can control and doing that very well. They’ve remained - they’ll continue to deliver these elevated margins which are terrific.  I think this is a thing that we are really plus it up or plus down would be the external factors in terms of the inventory pipeline and COVID spikes with the Delta variant to the extent there are less impact - impactful, maybe we go up to the extent there are more shutdowns and inventory remains tighter. It could be a challenge. But that - those are really the external factors that I would highlight.
Brian Newman: Yes. So, the first two questions, Scott, you got a few packed in there. The one-time bonus cost about $20 million in terms of the impact that we put out. The increase, we have step-ups in our wage contracts and so, it would be higher than previous year. Obviously, we are always talking more sequentially what was in the first half versus the second half and that’s the big impact, which is about - in or about $400 million in totals, so about 150 BPS on margin.  And then I think, the margins, as spreads get a bit tighter, I laid out the - what our assumptions were in the back half of the year. So there is still positive leverage. They just get a little bit constrained by two things. One is the mix that we talked about during peak and the higher enterprise and B2C and then the additional headwind pressure in terms of the labor piece that I mentioned.
Brian Newman: So, next-gen profits has evolved Scott, to look at both the RPP and the CPP and so the team’s got together each and every week to think about, how do we drive the right customer in and the service trade-offs to deliver the right product availability. A lot of it has to do with the dynamic pricing. So when we announced our surcharges, we are trying to target specific areas and basically play the mix rate and surcharge lever.  We still got plenty of room to go as I mentioned on the rate renegotiation on the cost piece. We are looking at bigger ticket items to change the game. So, Nando and his team or are thinking about – they are doing the blocking and tackling every day, but how do we take on a few initiatives in that much bigger cost bucket.  Non-ops were making good progress. We’ve delivered about half of that $500 million in non-ops on a year-to-date basis, about $220 million. But on the back-end of the year, we’ll be getting after some of the operations opportunity and going into 2022.
Brian Newman: So, on the first question that you are asking about the next-gen profit, look, Scott Price and the international team are really focused on value share growth. And so, this is mainly a domestic initiative at this stage of the game as we look at margin opportunities between RPP and CPP in terms of it being fully deployed.  Now, the cost runway takes a little longer to get after. So we still catching up with some of the initiatives taking hold from an operations and a cost perspective that will have a longer tail to it. And then we are well on the journey in terms of getting a playbook. I would say the piece on RPP that still needs some revenue that still needs to catch up would be the dynamic pricing that relies on technology.  So that’s the next chapter on the revenue side. Cost, we continue to work on and it’s more of a Domestic focus.
Brian Newman: Yes. And Tom, one of the other things that changed this year, if you look at last year’s Q1 in which there was 3%-ish. Nando and the team did an extraordinary job of focusing to get the cost out from peak and that changed the shape of the calendar a bit and that’s one of the reasons of that combined with a strong 2Q performance why the first half of the year.  But as Carol said, we are managing on a full year basis and to go from 7.7 last year to 10.1, it’s more than 50% on that journey to get to that 12%.
Brian Newman: So, from a 2H risk perspective, Dave, look, there is a lot of uncertainty out there with COVID and Delta variant and what happens. We are using the data we have today to build the best forecast we can. I think then from a sequential margin perspective, look I think the improvement from 7.7 to 10.1 is positive. Next year what can accelerate? We have an annual GRI, we can relook at our pricing. Our cost and productivity initiatives are taking further hold.  So we are going to continue to press and the journey on SMBs, that’s been a great story. As we’ve been walking up, obviously in Q4 with peak, the mix of SMBs will be a little bit less and then the B2C enterprise customers. But, I would look for that journey to continue next year. Kevin and the team and Kate, they are doing a wonderful job of working with platform customers and SMBs to drive that.  So as that mix goes up, margin improves. So there are several levers. Carol, I don’t know if you want to provide some color.
Carol Tome: So, we value our very large ecommerce customer that doesn’t have a storefront, as well as all of our enterprise customers and if I look at our very large enterprise customer that doesn’t have a storefront or much of a storefront, the percentage of our total revenue was about the same as it was in the first quarter.
Carol Tome: And I think a lot of this on the volume side is still highly dependent on the inventory to sales ratio, isn’t it? We’ve been talking to our large customers about what they are seeing in their business and interestingly, one large brick-and-mortar customer told us they had 50 containers that were stuck in the port. And until those containers can get into their warehouses and into their stores, it’s hard to sell.  So, there is a bit of an uncertainty out there. But we are going to control what we are going to control and we shared this back half view with you because we thought you should know what we are seeing and what we’re thinking about our business. On the balance sheet question Amit, gosh, from where we were a year ago, the financial condition of our company has greatly improved, even from the end of the year it’s greatly improved with our debt and pension liabilities down $10 million from the end of the year end and having a strong financial condition lets us all sleep well at night. So that we can lean into our customer experience and do the right thing for our people, for our communities and for our customers. As we think about our strategic opportunities ahead, we are opportunity-rich. So we are going to continue to lean into those 16 customer journeys that we’ve talked to you about, because we really think by improving the end-to-end experience, we get stickiness with our customers and can grow that value share that we are sticking to grow.  Could there be a capability that might - we might want to acquire to enable or speed up those journeys? Perhaps. But we’re not seeing here building a large M&A war chest, if you will. In fact, risk and try to run the best business that we can. Now we do believe that cash belongs to the shareowners and not to us. We told you that at the beginning or at the end of this year, if you will, we have a new dividend payout target which is 50% of earnings.  So, based on the guidance that Brian has shared with you today, that could imply a fairly nice use of cash when we announced that new dividend. We are also looking at re-entering the share repurchase market. This is something that we discuss with our Board every quarter. We have a Board Meeting next week. So, Brian shared with you in his prepared remarks that we are looking that as well.
Carol Tome: So, I think as we reported, we generated more free cash in the first six months of this year than we have in any year and any time in our company history. So, with the debt-to-EBITDA ratio now of 2.1, things are looking good for UPS and our ability to return capital to our shareowners. So, when we get ready to change, how much you should put in your model for share repurchases, we’ll tell you.
Carol Tome: So, I’ll start with the expansion of our weekend delivery, which we are so pleased with. And we commented that we saw 13% growth on Saturday in the second quarter. We are about half way through this initiative to reach 90% of the U.S. population by October of this year. We are expanding services in over 500 buildings, existing and new. So, we’ve got some more costs coming out of this in the third quarter, but then, as you point out, looking to lap that next year, which we look forward to.
Carol Tome: Yes, I am happy to talk to you about philosophically, then Brian, please add on. When we had our Investor Day back in June, we laid out a capital investing plan on the high side of about $14.5 billion between now and 2023. That’s based on what we know.  If we have an opportunity to invest that returns, the kinds of returns that we are looking for, we’ll increase that capital. So we laid out what we knew. There is no gating factor here. We will continue to invest in the capabilities that are necessary to drive the business forward.
Carol Tome: Well, I’ll address the SMB. We were very pleased with the SMB performance in the second quarter. It grew 17% year-on-year. Many of the customer journeys that we are introducing in the United States, we are taking outside the United States, as well. And Scott Price and his team are doing a really nice job of understanding customer pain points and where we need to invest.  One of the areas that we need to invest candidly is time in transit. And that’s one reason we were so excited about the new Osaka to Shenzhen lane that we opened up in the second quarter, where our time in transit was something like 26%, it’s now 76%. So we are leading the pack in that regard. So, pleased about that. You might talk about margin.
Carol Tome: Yes, it’s a tight labor market for sure. And to your observation, we are pretty much locked in, because of the way that most of our people are employed. But in certain parts of the country, we’ve had to make some market rate adjustments. That’s a smaller piece on the cost pressure that we have in the back half that Brian detailed for you in his remarks.  We need to hire a lot of people for peak and I’m happy to say that even in the face of this tight labor market, we are ahead of where we were a year ago. And Nando and his team are just managing this on a day-to-day basis. And just as it relates to peak, our peak planning is well underway. The good news is from an operating perspective, we have one additional operating day this year, which helped us.  We are lining up the aircraft that we need to lease to manage the volume. We are lining up all the rental equipment that we need to have in place to handle the volume and of course, on the people - on the people side. So, we’re - every day we are working on peak. I know it’s just July, but we are working on peak every day.
Carol Tome: The broader pricing market. So, pricing remains tight. It’s projected that at peak there’ll be a demand capacity imbalance of about 5 million pieces per day. So that is a nice environment to be working in. But you don’t want to run the business just on price lift, day in and day out. You really want to right the total value equation. So, we’ve got a laser-focus on cost and productivity, as well as providing the capabilities that our customers value the most.
Carol Tome: That dynamic pricing is such an exciting aspect of our future. But it is highly dependent on data and technology. We have in one of our wildly important initiatives is enterprise data strategy. We’ve got data and lots of data and lots of data pools around the company. And I would say some of the data pools are not very clean.  So we are going to clean up all those data pools and get to one version of the truth so all of our consuming applications go into one clean data pool that will make it so much easier for our revenue leaders and our sales leaders to manage the business.  The same is true for cost, right? So this is a pretty exciting initiative that we have underway and then you layer technology on top of that. The technology piece is not the heavy lift to data is the heavy lift but that initiative is well under way. And in terms of the demand/supply capacity challenge, it has gotten a little bit better because people have added capacity as you would expect, we’re adding capacity. So is our competitors. So it’s still an interesting environment for sure and as we work with our customers, we want to ensure that we meet their needs.  So we’re sitting down with - there are out 300 customers who make up that peak volume surge and we’re sitting down with each of them understanding what their projections, what their promotions are, how are they thinking about the holiday season and really trying to work with them. So that we provide to them the same outstanding and excellent service that we gave to them last year. We just - we are laser-focused on making them happy.
Carol Tome: It’s still very interesting when you look at the shape of our years, our quarters and our business. We are not a sequential business. Q2 is usually the high watermark for margin and then it comes in the back half because of mixed changes in the fourth quarter related to peak. So, the way you should think about our business is year-on-year-on-year.  At the beginning of this year, I can recall quite clearly at our earnings call at the end of the fourth quarter, where I said, our U.S. operating margins would increase this year and the reaction was, no it won’t, you can’t possibly do it. And in fact, Brian, we are increasing the operating margin in the U.S. by 240 basis points.  So we are well on our way to increasing our operating margin in the U.S. to the 12% target that we set forth in 2023. So think of our business year-on-year not so much quarter-over-quarter or first half versus back half.
Carol Tome: Well, we know what happens in an inflationary environment that way, somebody pays for it. It’s usually the consumer, which means, right, that price increases get passed along all the way to the end to the consumer until the consumer says ouch, I am not going to buy anymore. Consumer continues to buy. So yes, we are in the cycle and this is the cycle, so right, this is the cycle.
