Kurt Kuehn: Yes. Chris, you're right. There is certainly underlying momentum and if you look at the quarter-to-quarter changes, you can begin to see some of that picking up already. We did say at our investor conference that we expect our base rates to be at the high end of the 2% to 3% targets that we normally have. So we're well on our way towards that, but it is a long term process and I'll have Alan talk a little bit about some of the moving parts with that.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, although it certainly will be masked a bit, as I said, with fuel surcharges down a couple hundred basis points, but we feel very confident that the underlying momentum is strong.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, maybe let's start, David, I know, wanted to at least put a recap onto peak season of 2014. He can talk a little bit about what our intentions were and then we can migrate from that into guidance.
Kurt Kuehn: So I think as we look into 2015, we were certainly a little concerned and surprised at the challenges of opening up so many operations in November. It's really unprecedented for us and that was the primary disconnect I think that happened between where we thought we were heading. Just bringing that much capacity on after what had been a breakneck speed on the engineering and operations side getting ready overshot. So we're a little cautious I guess going forward, twice burned thrice wise and so as we look into 2015, this forecast does assume that a higher portion of that expense -- the peak season added expense stays with us. Clearly over time, we will work through it, but right now at least that guidance does assume more drag in the fourth quarter. Certainly the revenue will help to cover that because we do feel that cost is maybe more structural than we thought. That's why we're focusing more on revenue. We do think over time though fourth quarter will become much more profitable. It wasn't too many years ago, just a couple of years ago where the fourth quarter was our most profitable quarter but it is going to take us a few years to get there.
Kurt Kuehn: Well clearly Tom, the solution for the fourth quarter for us in peak is really two-pronged. We're going to need to improve operations, streamline it, lessons learned, find how can we scale up 100% without driving our marginal cost so high that it's unprofitable and we've got a number of initiatives there both physical capacity and operating changes. And then the other path equally important is the yield side to make sure that for that disproportionate increase, we do need to increase yield and also as we've talked, certainly we're more focused on yield in aggregate because of the -- last year was a brand-building and capacity-building and this year clearly the value is there. So Alan can talk a little more on the revenue side.
Kurt Kuehn: I think one thing maybe we could bridge to a little bit is certainly the revenue management is a critical part of peak. Outside the U.S. where we're a little farther ahead with some of our alternative delivery modes, we're looking at both revenue enhancement and also some cost reduction with our Access Points network. So Jim maybe you could talk a little bit about how the e-commerce surge is working for you guys internationally.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Bill, it's a great argument. We would love to have the rest of the year pumped up that high if we could scale to it. Certainly what you're seeing is an industry in transition and part of the challenges that we're wrestling with is this factor of peak versus the rest of the year has gotten much more extreme. So what used to have very low marginal cost for us as we grew the volume has gone beyond that. I think one silver lining to your comment is that we're seeing an uptick in our commercial growth. Our B2B business was up over 3% in the fourth quarter. So as the U.S. economy has begun to broaden its expansion and the industrial manufacturing components grow, that does actually help to grow the other quarters frankly. What we have seen up until last year was a small package growth business driven primarily by B2C which exaggerates the Q4. So Alan I know has a big focus on these industry-specific solutions and Alan, maybe you could talk about how are we tackling the opportunity and the rest of the segments.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it is very difficult to just will the tower ever recover. Your incremental costs for just those few pieces over a threshold are challenging, that will be just one of many mechanisms that we deploy. So it is a multipronged process. We've accomplished the first step which was maintaining and sustaining the value of the brand and our commitment to our customers and going forward, as we said, we'll both reduce our costs with more streamlined operations as we get a little smarter in handling these spikes and also pursue revenue in a number of fronts, not just control tower.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Kevin, I guess there is really two things that are going on. One of them is really a comparison to last year where a number of customers given the challenges of peak accelerated and traded up, but the other one is more of a structural issue and we do think that Next Day Air, at least for B2C fulfillment is likely to decline over time. We think the B2B as the industrial base grows there is good opportunity. But, Alan, I know this omni-commerce omni-channel is quite a trend that's revolutionizing retail.
Kurt Kuehn: Well certainly that's our goal over time, Scott. We think it is the time when the capital is fully deployed, so to recover cost of capital for that it should have our highest margin. It's also the time of the greatest demand. So for I think six years up till 2012 we had I think both the highest margin and the highest profit in the company in the fourth quarter. So is this a challenge for the company? Absolutely. Have we figured it out and operated successfully in the past? Yes. It's just gone beyond that economy of scale to where the added volume is creating diseconomies. We will get this solved. It is a two-pronged process with operational enhancements, some automation, some smart capacity and efficiency and also making sure that price recovers it. So we really can't decompose all of that stuff at this point yet, but it is job one for us and it's a great problem to have. We're disappointed that we over swung last year.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, our exposure to the energy sector is not huge. There is not a tremendous amount of small package. But clearly all industries are having an impact over time with this low energy cost. On the procurement side, it will ripple through into reduced prices we hope for things like tires and some of our commodities. Clearly, the fuel surcharge changes our impact. We did mention that the UPS Freight and the LTL surcharges are a bit of a challenge, but we think in general the reduced fuel prices are good for the economy and will help certainly the U.S. continue to grow. I think trends so far in January -- certainly things look better than they did a year ago at this time because of the incredible disruption of all the snowstorms. Although those people in Detroit and Chicago right now may not be feeling that way. So we feel pretty good in general. I know, Jim, around the globe anyway, the Chinese New Year is a little later than normal. Maybe you could talk a little bit about trade flows and anything you guys are seeing.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think the big issue is just that the demand has become much more spiky at the very beginning of peak and at the very end. And so forecast aside, the shape of demand around the cyber weekend and then the weekend before Christmas was the big spikes and there just wasn't as much needed in that flat period.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, John, I think certainly that is our focus. We may disagree on the speed and the intensity of it. This is a competitive market. It's not a duopoly, there are multiple players. Part of the value we create, part of why we extract such great returns is the long term success we help our customers get to. So it is a balancing act of trying to milk every dollar out of a couple of days versus creating a sustainable and profitable business year-round and that's the balancing act we're heading towards.
Kurt Kuehn: Well David, we're looking at about a 4% volume level and certainly there is some range in that number depending on how the economy goes. We did have a very strong year last year and we're cycling across some fairly large wins. There is also some issue that we may be a little more selective in volume. Clearly, it's the flip side of the revenue management initiative. So we think our guidance reflects both an improving economy and also a prudent growth path. So we think that's certainly a number that's in excess of GDP growth and that there may be more volume out there, but we will be somewhat selective especially if we're not appropriately compensated for it.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so we're certainly expecting throughout 2015 including peak, to see additional revenue for piece improvements just like Kurt alluded to last year. We saw quarter-over-quarter gains from the second, third to the fourth quarter and that's going to continue into 2015. Certainly the Ground dim weight changes are going to impact the 2015 results. We're also continuing to work with our customers on their packaging to obtain mutual cost reductions. So we will see a little bit of impact there on the cost side. So we're going to see improvements throughout 2015 and it is going to be on the high end of the 2% to 3%.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes certainly, as we said before, the Ground dim weight changes are going to amplify the impact in 2015 and go a long way to increasing the yields and specifically in the B2C market, as well as more broadly and as peak has become more costly, there has been additional pressure on the margin. So going forward, we do plan to better align the revenue against this increased cost. So we're going to focus on residential and peak surcharges for specific customer segments and we're firming our strategy to better align revenue with costs during peak season as well as throughout the year. Certainly also very focused on the value creation that UPS does with our customers and ensuring that we're getting paid for that.
Alan Gershenhorn: We've certainly seen a revitalization of growth outside of the B2C retail market. Five of our top six industries are growing now and we're very, very focused on healthcare, high tech and the industrial manufacturing segment and creating value for those segments to create more year-round type of opportunities for UPS versus the peakiness of retail.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So you're right, but we do have a long history of revenue management that balances aligning the revenue with the cost and also the value that we provide to our customers while maintaining a fair and rational pricing environment. So we think that the GRI we just implemented, the dim weight changes that we're already seeing the effect on are going to pay some dividends in 2015. It is a multi-year process with some of our customers because they do have multi-year agreements, but we do expect to see positive results from the actions we're taking during 2015.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so like we've said before we're seeing a significant amount more of our brick-and-mortar retailers utilizing the inventory from their stores to fulfill the e-commerce needs of their distribution centers. So this year, we've got about 120 retailers, nearly 22,000 stores that have the ability to ship packages now using omni-channel solutions and this year we've added about 41 retailers and more than 5000 stores in 2014. So we expect this trend to continue and certainly echo Kurt's comments on how the retail industry and e-commerce is going to handle the overnight or shorter shipping timeframes.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, look I mean, we're always going to have a max capacity of what we can handle and we certainly need to manage to that considering obviously the revenue and cost and profitability implications. But like Myron said, we've come a long way this past year in really working with our top shippers to coordinate our planning activities to understand how much volume they were going to have and we came to mutual agreements on that. We will do even more of that next year and we're certainly going to be looking at our capacity, but also looking at the revenue cost and P&L implications going forward understanding that we never want to turn business away if we don't have to.
David Abney: Yes, first, our main priority going into peak was protecting the brand. After 2013, we just felt that was something we absolutely had to do. We were successful in doing that. We also made significant progress working with our customers in forecasting capacity, vision, visibility and communications, but the cost associated with providing this quality of service was greater than expected. We built our operating plans to accommodate higher volume and that was based on the volume surge of 2013. So we certainly erred on the side of caution. We did overbuild to some extent and that is the basis for some of our 2015 initiatives where we will be able to eliminate some of that expense lessons learned from 2014.
David Abney: And just wanted to sum that question up, we’re certainly focused on our long term strategies. We're 100% committed to the long term financials that we reviewed for the time period 2015 through 2019 during our investor conference. So we have not backed up from those numbers. We do have some challenges that we have to address and we certainly will do so.
David Abney: One other addition to the peak pricing is this past year we really focused on a control tower from a capacity management standpoint and we had a lot of success from that end. This year, the control tower is still going to be focused on capacity management, but also will be focused on taking more revenue action for those real peak weeks. So it's going to be a big step for us from a revenue management standpoint.
David Abney: As we invest in the capacity of our buildings and facilities and vehicles and others, you got to remember that we still expect a real high return on invested capital. And we've said before, we'll continue to say that we expect a 25% to 30% return. So these investments are made with the investor in mind and it is to get the return that our investors have become used to and that we certainly are committed to continuing.
David Abney: Let me just kick that off with our long term initiatives that we've talked about are certainly going to be very important to us over the next three to five years and so we're going to continue to bend this cost curve. We're going to continue to use technology and accelerate ORION deployment and our automation. All of those will help us from a long term perspective and we're going to continue to use other operational technology. But there are some real specific things that we need to do this year to reduce our costs and Myron, why don't you review some of the specifics.
David Abney: And we did increase customer collaboration and made a lot of improvements when it comes to forecasting. That is something that we still though will need to continue to work with our customers on.
David Abney: All right, thanks, Joe. So yes, we do feel we have customers back onboard after providing a great service during peak. The financial results will improve as we take the steps to lower the cost curve and adjust pricing where necessary. The long term growth strategy for all of our business units that we laid out in November remains intact and will provide great opportunities for UPS in the future. UPS has always been a good place for investors, for customers, for employees and we certainly expect that to continue. And thank you for listening and have a great day.
Jim Barber: Sure. I think that, Kurt to that point, I think one thing you have to first look to is that as you move outside the U.S., depending on what part of the world you are in, you have got different market characteristics, capabilities and situations and operating models. So it really does present us some unique opportunities as we've grown this International business to experiment in different ways.  Our Access Points are up to about 16,000 outside the U.S., when we bought that company; they were at about 6500 so we've organically over doubled that network. It's providing us good opportunity and benefits in this B2C space to actually get at this and provide different solutions to customers and you would also probably have noted the acquisition of i-parcel that gets us into this cross-border e-commerce as well here recently that we plan to roll out globally. So lots of change on the forefront and International provides us a great platform to experiment and grow the business.
Jim Barber: Well I think it's just as you said. We're about where we thought we would be and of course, year-over-year it's different because of weather and some other options. I think the port delays are presenting some unique trade patterns. I think generally though, since that port delay is heavy into the oceanside of the supply chains that really presents some challenges for our customers. We've been at it for a year now actually. We started last February 2014 with webinars with all of our folks and customers to give them solutions and some of that you've seen appear in Myron's side of the business when it actually gets into -- because you've got to get into the port, through the port and out of the port and that's where our network provides some really good options. So I would say the port would be the big one and the wildcard here going forward as it moves from freight off the ocean, not so much into the air, but other surface modes as it appears in the U.S. side of the business.
Jim Barber: Sure. As we know, the transborder network, we've talked about it many times on the previous calls it continues to drive our growth. You've seen that in the export numbers. Kurt mentioned about a year ago we would continue to reinvest in Europe, his number at that time was about $1 billion. We actually have sized it for the next five years. It's actually above that. We won't get to the specific numbers because there's changes, but it's above $1 billion and we believe that investment in essentially the Western side of the European operations, A, is needed, but, B, can bend that cost curve as we talked about it back to some of the days where it was at its best. So we would continue to do that. The other wildcard I would mention at the same time though, David is I think the strength of the dollar will have implications going forward that we're going to have to watch as trade patterns move around that, so that would be another wildcard, but we're happy with Europe and its continued growth for the business.
Jim Barber: Sure. I appreciate it. So if you look at our forwarding unit like many, we've got the ocean product, we've got the surface stuff; we've got the air products. Our North American operation, we continue to see it grow and do very nicely for us. Ocean was a turnaround story for the last five years. It continues to do really well for UPS and our customers and bring differentiated solutions to them. The air freight issue for us, you might have heard me say a couple times previously that we had some overexposure to some verticals around military and so forth. At this point, I think it's all about the mix of our air freight product. We're still heavily concentrated in some of the enterprise segments of the business. We believe we've got capacity going forward to extend that product into the middle market in a different way and change the mix and the structure, we will do that. You would see that in some of our guidance going forward with respect to a bit of a slower growth and so we'll manage that yield and the kilo growth which you've seen really good growth over the last couple years, but we believe it's time for us to shift. Your second question really got at this issue of fuel and the mixing of that into transportation. In fact, it's already started to happen with a dip in the oil. We've got some different looks at that. Obviously each organization has to deal with that and how they see that, but yes that is happening in the market right now with the concept of trying to split that apart in a different way and capture that dropping oil price. We have some solutions and some strategies to make sure that we do that on an equitable basis, but right now as we move out in the first part of the year, our strategy remains as I just walked you through and we will obviously have to deal with the fuel dip going forward, but we feel like we've got good controls in place to do that.
Jim Barber: So I would say this. Obviously the business, as you can see is smaller relative to the U.S. and more disperse, but the same patterns actually exist internationally as they do in the U.S. It depends on what country you're in. I would tell you that the expansion of our Cologne operation has provided us great ability to move it transborder, but a lot of this does move domestically. I think you would have seen outside the U.S. some of our local competitors actually didn't make it through this peak. They actually as they say, kind of -- the investors pulled back on them. In the UK we had some issues and we think that our operating model does in fact with a combination of the Access Points and what we're looking at going forward give us the ability internationally to give our consumers choice on how they want this delivered at the right value proposition that in fact in the years to come may present some opportunities back in the U.S. And you're starting to see that with Myron rolling out Access Points, we're bringing My Choice to International. So it's a fee back-and-forth and we like where we're in that and Europe is our probably best market to prove that in the years to come.
