Jim Barber: Thanks, Myron, and good morning. As David mentioned earlier, the International segment and the Supply Chain and Freight segment generated excellent top and bottom line results during the fourth quarter. Our international value preposition is to offer powerful global network and portfolio that connects buyers and sellers through seamless cross-border movements at the right time and price for their needs. This positions us to benefit from strong year-end demand typical of peak season. In fact, this year reflects our capacity during peak to deliver about 35% to 40% more volume versus our average daily levels. As a result of our team’s strong execution, the International segment generated revenue growth of nearly 13% in the fourth quarter with balanced growth across all markets. Operating profit increased 19% on a currency neutral basis, our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit gains. These results are really the outcome of work begun four years ago. In Europe, the $2 billion investment cycle is allowing to reach the increased network speed and capacity. In the fourth quarter, Pan European exports increased more than 20%. This year, we will have even more capability for growth, as we open new hubs in Paris, London, and in Netherlands. In Asia, we are driving greater market access and capability expansion in China, and other markets. We’ve built the customer base to fill the new air capacity coming online, from the new 747-8 freighters. We are serving key lanes, leveraging our Shenzhen air hub for access into and out of the region with high utilization rates. In 2015, the Supply Chain and Freight segment rebuilt our foundation for success by strengthening cost management, aligning with customers who committed to grow with us, and positioning the business for the overall market rebound. On these pillars, the global forwarding and distribution units delivered an impressive fourth quarter with revenue up more than 25%, while both approaching double-digit margins. Like the International segment, this group also built a series of improved quarterly performances through 2017. While the power of our network, portfolio and people are largely responsible for our results, we know that to stay on the path for profitable growth we also need to expand our relationships and capabilities. We completed four strategic acquisitions and into new alliances during 2017 that are providing new solutions and connectivity for customers worldwide. First, we established a joint venture with SF Express, the leading logistics provider in China. Together, we are leveraging our complementary networks. And we’ve launched a great lower cost international solution that’s gaining strong customer acceptance. UPS was also selected as the official logistics partner for Expo 2020 Dubai. We’ve already expanded our network to support our growing customer base in the Middle East, including a new direct flight between Dubai and Worldport. The Company made great regional and local market capability acquisitions in Europe with Freightex and Nightline Logistics. These deals brought local knowledge and market savvy, plus gave us access to a broader customer base. Integration is going according to plan and these units are already making solid contributions to the business. In summary, our International business is operating in an opportunity-rich market populated by cross-border commerce. I’m very optimistic about our prospects for continued strong top and bottom-line contributions to UPS’s overall business. Thanks. And now, I’ll turn it over to Richard.
Jim Barber: Okay. Brian, it’s Jim, I guess, and Jack and Scott. Look, we talk about this quite often within the management committee. With 95% of the consumers outside of the United States, a good piece of that in emerging markets which aligns to one of our Tier 1 strategies. Personally, I think that at some point in the future as our business continues to diversify, International will probably become bigger and larger for our shareholders than Domestic. We can’t say when. We certainly want to continue to invest in and keep the U.S. Domestic business growing, because it’s the foundation of UPS and we don’t want to lose that. But, the world continues to move; cross-border continues to grow seven times as fast as most domestic economies. The trick is to be there at the right time at the right place. We do get the competition it gets a little bit more complex from my perspective in each of the countries you go into, you go heads up against the post usually, a national champion, another integrator and maybe some new entrants. And so, the trick for us is to get to the right place at the right time. You’ve seen that over the last couple of years, we will continue that strategy, and we hope all of our businesses continue to grow with pace but hopefully International continues to speed up and deliver for us. So, thanks for the question.
Jim Barber: Okay, Scott. This is Jim, by the way. I think that we get this question quite often. Frankly, it’s about the TNT situation and the cyber attack. And again, I keep reiterating this as long as I’m around it. I don’t know wish that on any one, any competitor or any business in this world. It did happen, it created opportunity for us. If I look at the last couple of years, I just would also like, though to reflect on the fact that we were building capabilities in Europe and European networks since we announced the $2 billion acquisition. Rich talked a minute ago about, at the end of this year, we’ll be 75% of the way through; that’s a capacity play. We also have launched international dangerous goods, these dangerous goods in the region to complement that. And at the same time, we continue to expand our transporter network to basically have 80 plus percent of that, knock wood, touch in two days every buyer and seller on the continent. So, we have invested, in my mind, nicely, irrespective of the competitive landscape. You have to pay attention to it. Very specifically, when the cyber attack did hit, we saw more customers coming to us, there is no question about that. But, I also would tell you that if I compare the fourth quarter of this year to the fourth quarter of last year, we continue to grow. So, there was a spike, but -- and then, the last thing I would tell you is, it’s our job to keep those customers. And quite frankly, from what we see on our side, those -- the vast majority of those customers are staying with UPS because when they come in and start to feel the benefits of the network, they choose to stay with us. So, hopefully, we’ll get into 2018 and beyond and prove that the cyber was the one-time deal for everyone, quite frankly in the market, and we just go compete and take the UPS brand to the market in Europe.
Jim Barber: So, first of all, there is a tremendous opportunity in the market right now with the growth in the market and also the ability to grow with that market. And we continuously monitor and analyze the supply and demand, and work the price to the value of our network and the portfolio of services that we have. And then, we also surgically ensure that we’re pricing to our cost to serve. And I think some great examples of that is what we’ve done with dimensional weight last year and what we’re doing wit it this year, what we’re doing with additional handling, with the peak surcharge, with our cell by cell GRI assessments. They’re all kind of great examples of that. So yes, so, we’re continuing to monitor the market and analyze that and make sure that we’re pricing our services for the value that we’re providing and certainly returning that back to the shareowners. With that, I’ll give it over to Richard.
Richard Peretz: Sure. Allison, this is Richard. Good morning. Overall, when we look at 2018, the first thing we know is the growth in the U.S. remains strong and that strength we saw not only in the fourth quarter, but really we sequentially have seen it in ‘16 and ‘17, and it’s both on the volume side as well as the yield being at the higher end. We also know that some of the efficiencies that we’re getting in operations were masked both by our investment dollars and the op penalties we’ve talked about, but also from the higher cyber-period volume levels. In 2018, it’s not just all the new buildings that we’re opening, but it’s really also the beginning of some of the technology that’s going to power the global smart logistics network going forward Myron talked about in his talk. So, we expect 2018 to have some challenges because of the investment dollars, but probably the biggest challenge we’ll have domestically is the unplanned discount rate change. If you look over the last two weeks of December, we saw fluctuations in discount rates of between 20 and 40 basis points to where we ended up at the end of the year. And that has a big impact on the net operating costs. We also know that since this year has started, the longer term interest rate is starting to get more normalized shape on the curve, and that’s going to help us as we remeasure pensions going forward in future years. But, this year, we don’t know that drag around $200 million is going to be something that we’re going to have to deal with. But at the same time, the underlying business remains strong. We are putting the initiatives in place. And we are implementing the technology that’s really going to drive the savings of the 800 to $1 billion we laid out for the global smart logistics network.
Richard Peretz: Sure. So, to step back for a moment, Tom, our priorities haven’t changed. The number one priority is to reinvest in the business. We have maintained and continue to perform a return on invested capital that is the best in the industry. We also think the dividend is an important component of our capital structure. And as I mentioned in my talk, with Board approval, we expect to keep growing the dividend. And at the same time, flexibility is important in the balance sheet. The way I look at it is, we made a $5 billion contribution at the end of the year, really for three reasons. And one of them was it was tax efficient. That contribution was made at a time when you write it off at the higher tax rate of the legacy rate versus the new rate. Second, it improves cash flow, not only this year, but likely for the next few years. And then third, it lowers costs. If you think about the rising PBGC premiums which are going to be 380 basis points that you’ll pay in unfunded pension, my borrowing cost is more than 150 basis points below that. So, we’re going to continue to manage responsibly. We continue to believe that the strong cash flow from operations allows us to do all of this. And at the same time, taking advantage of the new tax laws with the CapEx that’s really used to continue to grow our business, but also we get the 100% deduction for the next five years. So, when you put it all together, the [priorities] [ph] aren’t any different, we expect the same amount of return. And I guess the last thing is, if these discount rates do start coming back up, it’s a dramatically different view of both the liability side and the entire pension world. It’s just been like almost 9 or 10 years since we’ve been in the normalized discount rate environment. No one expected them to be at what really are all time lows to more than 20, 30 years.
Richard Peretz: Sure. Again, Chris, this is Richard. And I think, the first thing you have to look at is, there are -- and we talked about between 25% and 30% growth from 2013 until this year, when we finally first took another plane. If you think about the value creation of our air products and our international products, and it’s apparent that that’s an area where we want invest as much as we can, as often as we can, because it does bring return very quickly to the bottom-line. And so, now, we’re going to have a total of almost 28, 747s, as well as about seven 767 that we’ve announced. At the end of the day, the next few years, we expect these kind of levels, somewhere between 9% and 10%, 8.5% and 10% of revenues to stay. In fact, our plans right now for the next three year are stay pretty much as these kind of levels. And it’s accretive to the business and then you get the 100% deductibility for your investments. If you go back a few years, we kind of announced almost something similar in the International business where about -- by the end of this year will be about 75% of the way through the investments and we’re all seeing the kind of results we’re getting out of that. So, we see that as a good proof point. And with that as the technology and what we’re doing in the business, we believe that these are the right places to put the dollars; it’s got the best return on invested capital; and it’s going to bring the return that we expect.
Richard Peretz: Sure. So, Jack, first, we put out guidance, it’s somewhat around 20% EPS growth, and we also told you that between $0.80 and $0.85 of that is for the net benefit of tax, which in essence tells you that somewhere around a third of it is underlying business. That’s even with a hit for the discount rate that we had called out. So, if you think about it, we are already seeing that economic activity, our guidance on the revenue numbers of all the segments are at the higher end of our range that we laid out last year. And so, we do believe that the tax reform is creating economic growth. We also believe that we’re participating in that. Unfortunately some of that masked because of both the discount rates and the investments we are making. But at the end of the day, we are seeing a pretty good growth rate, even taking the headwinds that we mentioned.
Richard Peretz: Scott. In addition to what Alan said, if you go back to few years, our yields on a per package basis was 0.5%, 1%. So, we have taken a much more thorough look and continue to look at the yield side. But to the other side of it is also the total profit growth and how we’re creating value. Because in total, as we grow profits, if we’re bringing back 20 to 20 -- or 23% to 28% return on invested capital, we know we’re creating more value for the shareholders. So, there is tremendous amount of effort, not on both the top-line and the bottom-line. We have a plan, and each business unit, it’s very specific. And a few years ago, the same question could have been asked by about the two other business units. And now, you’re seeing the result of really the strategies we’ve put in place for each of those. And so, we have a deliberate strategy in the U.S. We think at the end, the shareholders will be very happy with the return we’re getting. And it’s really about putting all the pieces together, just as we’ve done in the other segments.
Richard Peretz: I just want to real quickly mention that as we move into 2018, there are two accounting standards that will change segment reporting. There is revenue recognition and the pension accounting, I call it the geography of where pension accounting will break out the pieces of it and some of it will stay in operating margin and other pieces will move below the line. So, it will have an impact on the margins going forward. Before the next call, we’ll probably put out some kind of schedule on the web page to give an understanding. But ultimately, all these changes do not impact EPS, but they will impact operating margin by business units, and some of those will become more volatile based on what’s happening in discount rates. So for example, you could see anywhere from 125 to 250 basis-point change in Domestic; you could see anywhere around 40 to 70 in International; and in Supply Chain, between a 100 and a 150. A lot of it has to do with how you recognize revenue and then how the pieces of pension get moved around. But, it’s something in 2018 we will be adopting, we will be recasting last year’s numbers, but it’s something that going forward we will need to talk about as we get through 2018 actuals.
David Abney: This is David. And to summarize, Alan, no doubt about it, we are always analyzing our pricing alternatives. We want to make sure that we get compensated for the value that we provide. We believe that this year was a good step on that journey. We also believe there is more work to be done and we are going to continue to focus in that area. Thank you.
David Abney: This is David Abney. Thanks for question. First, I’d have to tell you that we don’t know exactly what Amazon is going to do in this area. There has been a lot of rumors and there has been some indications, but we’ll have to wait and see. What we can tell you is that a few years ago, we identified the health care as a Tier 1 initiative; we felt that our capabilities lined up very well with the needs of the market. And we have been customizing solutions, not only in the pharmaceutical side, but in the other aspects of health care. And whether it’s coming directly from manufacturers or using distributors is just an area that we see our expertise, the complexity of the supply chain, the fact that it is global, and pharmaceutical is a good example of that and it’s been a good opportunity for us. As new players may come into the market, we believe that we will take advantage of our capabilities, and we’ll continue to improve our capabilities in that area. Thank you.
David Abney: This is David. Just to add to what Kate said. We believe also that these peak surcharges did help us to some extent shape the volume around the period, especially peak week. We were able to get packages moved into the week before and non-critical packages moved the week after. We’ll say that around Cyber Week, we didn’t have quite the success that we thought we would into shaping. And we are going to look at that and that will be an area of focus for this year.
David Abney: And just one small point to add is that if you’ve been following us for quite a while, then you do know that we’ve had these kind of elevated CapEx percent of revenue before. It’s just that over the recent five or six years we’ve been at this lower level. But, if you look at a longer timeframe, you’re going to see that this is not really an exception; this is maybe slightly higher, but very close to what we have averaged. So yes, for the next few years, we are really growing our international export business and our premium products. We see that this is an opportunity to take advantage of that and we are certainly going to do so.
David Abney: Okay. This is David. I’ll answer. And we are very happy to have Scott with his experience come and join us. We have brought people in from the outside on many occasions from outside the Company, we never, at this level, but we believe with the pace of change, and that is just good to maybe add to our expertise with a little bit of external perspective, although Scott has been in the industry for quite a while. Our focus is going to be on growing the business, on finding efficiencies throughout the business and creating opportunities for our Company and our employees. But, we have to examine all parts of our business. So, if there is one thing that I made it very clear to Scott is that there is an open canvas, there is nothing protected; I want to examine all parts of our business. We are rapidly moving through our evaluation stage now. I focus on rapidly because Scott’s spend here six weeks or so and he is really made a lot of gains and he is working quickly with our team. We are identifying multiyear value creation opportunities. And we will be sharing more, later in the year, really excited about this opportunity, and Scott has the full support of the entire management team. Thank you.
David Abney: Yes. Just one last thing on Cyber Week. That old saying that rising tides lift all boats that’s the thing that we were facing. If it was 2 or 3 large customers, the control tower -- it’s 20 large customers, the control tower can be very effective in those regards. But, this was not just the large customers, this was throughout the network. And this is something that was in our network, but it was in the other networks throughout the country too. So that is why we’ve got to really take a look at for Cyber Week. One of the things is we’ve added a lot of additional capacity this year that has been covered and much more than in 2017, and we’ve added more technology. So, I know that we’ve been in much better shape from that regard. But, we’re going to take a good look at the control tower and what we need to do around Cyber Week and we’ll be talking about that further in the year.
David Abney: Okay. This is David. I’ll take the first part of the question and I’ll hand it over to Rich. First, we want to applaud the President and Congress for passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We really believe that it’s going to stimulate the economy and create jobs, and those jobs are going to create more shipments, which creates more jobs and more opportunities for UPS. It certainly makes the American companies more competitive. And we’re also encouraged about the trade. Trade last year did exceed the percent growth of GDP. And at the same time that we are encouraged, we’re a little cautious too. We have matter [ph] that is being negotiated now and we certainly hope and expect that it will be modernized, but it will stay in place. And we hope that other trade agreements, Brexit and those things that they have a pretty smooth conclusion, so that they will continue to be a boost of trade and not the opposite. So that being said, I’ll turn it over to Richard, Company specific.
David Abney: And just to recap, and both covered it very well. Let’s don’t get confused though, target pricing with a cap on pricing. Because as the opportunity creates itself, obviously, going to the top end of the target pricing or exceeding that as long, as we are providing the value and the market will hold that, we certainly look to that area. A lot about this CapEx increase that we are doing is also about bending the cost curve, reducing our cost, adjusting to this new ecommerce world that is rapidly migrating. So, it’s a combination. We are not looking at pricing on one side and then separate from that we’re looking it CapEx and how we can take cost out. This is an integrated model that we’re constantly looking at all aspects of.
David Abney: Okay. Before, I get into my closing comments Richard has given me hand signal. So, Richard’s got something he’d like to cover, and then I’ll close.
David Abney: And as Richard said, those puts and takes, they do not affect EPS; it’s just the way we look at the business units. We are, as you have heard, transforming our network for growth and we are doing it now and we were basing it on providing both value now and long-term value to our shareholders. 2018 is a big year for smart logistics network. We are adding significant capabilities both in buildings and aircraft and technology. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for UPS. We’re focusing on advancing our strategies and we are doing it for our customers and for our investors. So, all that being said today, thank you for joining us on the call.
