David Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone. UPS continued its positive momentum with the third consecutive quarter of improved growth in earnings per share. This is consistent with the outlook we provided during our Q2 call. During the third quarter our International segment, again produced double-digit growth in operating profits. The U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain & Freight units performed as planned. We are pleased with the results this quarter, especially given the uneven global economy. We remain on track to achieve the higher end of our full-year earnings per share guidance. Looking closer at the global economy. GDP growth in the U.S. has remained relatively unchanged. E-commerce has continued to expand, but the strong dollar has contributed to lower industrial production growth and softer exports. Global GDP forecast for the second half of the year have come down in leading European markets, including Germany, Poland and the U.K. Asia has also come down slightly, primarily influenced by lower China output. In other global trade developments during the quarter, we were encouraged that an agreement was reached on The Trans-Pacific Partnership, an accord that is expected to establish the rules of 21st century trade. In the U.S., it now awaits congressional review and approval. We expect the agreement to cut the customs red tape and allow faster clearance of shipments. TPP should also create a more level playing field for private companies when competing with government supported entities. Additionally, tariff cuts and transparency measures will provide benefits to companies on both sides of the Pacific. We continue to promote TPP with Congress to help ensure that many benefits of the agreement are fully understood. Our key strategies have positions us well to help UPS customers, especially small and midsize companies as they and we capitalize on expanded global trade and other new growth opportunities. We continue to invest in these key strategies which include focusing on high-growth markets, expanding network capacity, improving operational efficiency and developing custom solutions for targeted industries. During the quarter, we announced the largest expansion ever of our Worldwide Express portfolio. UPS extended this time and day definite service to more than 41,000 new postal codes, many in high-growth markets. This product is now available in countries that comprise more than 90% of global GDP. We have also expanding capabilities for UPS customers with the recent acquisition of Coyote Logistics. This strategic investment brings UPS a high tech asset light entry into the fast-growing truckload brokerage market. Jeff Silver and the pack add a tremendous amount of value to the UPS portfolio providing growth opportunities for Coyote and UPS. In addition, the acquisition of Coyote will enable us to better manage UPS backhaul capacity and purchase transportation spend. We anticipate this combination to create more than $100 million in unique synergies. We are already reaping the benefits of the Coyote acquisition. In October, the UPS freight brokerage team transitioned to Coyote's world class order management platform, known as Bazooka. The migration went smoothly and customers tell us they are pleased with the results. Coyote will also play an expanded role by supporting our U.S. peak season operations this year. Speaking of peak, our plans include a multifaceted strategy. We are implementing selective pricing initiatives, adding new capacity that is aligned with customer needs and installing innovative technology solutions. In a moment, Alan Gershenhorn will provide further details on our peak plans. UPS is working closely with customers to ensure we have the operating plans in place that will provide excellent service at an appropriate cost. We expect peak season to provide great value to UPS customers and investors. I am encouraged by the progress we are making on our strategic initiatives and impressed by the dedicated efforts of our team. UPS-ers around the world are gearing up for an exciting holiday season and I want to thank them in advance for their efforts. Now I would turn it over to Alan.
David Abney: And you know, we certainly have a focus on the yield. We have had all year, but just want to remind everyone that we are always looking for prudent balance between volume and yield. And of course the ultimate goal is to grow the long-term economic profit. Thank you.
David Abney: Yes. So like last year, we are going to be beefing up our control tower for peak season [ph] and that control tower is going to allow us to work together with our customers that maximize the value we provide and reduce the total cost. So the bottom line is, the idea here is to optimize the network capacity and its going to allow UPS to say yes, more to our customers for the unplanned volume.
David Abney: I would say, to just wrap up that question, we certainly have a good plan that we have worked on all year. We know there is going to be order books that are going to occur different conditions and we believe we have the flexibility to respond to those. Most of that flexibility is in this multipronged strategy that we have talked about. We have really been working hard with our customers collaborating. This control tower that you have heard us talk about is going to help us say yes and how to many customers on those last few days. So if we have customers that greatly exceed the amount of volume that they have committed to us, then we certainly would be willing to enforce cuts, but that's not our intention. Our intention is to work with customers on how we can move volume around and earlier days or take advantage of weekends. And then this increased technology that we keep adding is just going to give us a lot more flexibility, including our access points, putting ORION and the other things that you have talked about. The good thing about all of this is, it gives us year-round flexibility as well as helps us flex for peak. So we are confident that we have our plan and that we are going to execute to that point. Thank you.
David Abney: Hi, Scott. It's David. When you talk about peak seasons of the past, you just have to remember that prior to this big growth in B2C e-commerce that our average peak day was increasing volume, somewhere around 50% over a typical day. Now with e-commerce, last year we approached 75% over. So the nature of the business has changed. We certainly see we are going to see big improvements over last year. But the relationship between third and fourth quarter has just migrated a little bit just over of this B2C growth. Thank you.
David Abney: So the key to us is really just focusing on value to our customers. We have unmatched capabilities and systems and people. And if we stay focused on taking care of the needs of our customers and on providing that value, then we don't have to worry nearly as much about what the competitors are doing, because we are listening to our customers and focusing on that value. Thank you.
David Abney: Yes. Allison, first, it is increasing amongst the customer base and it's a very valuable service that's in high demand and we certainly want to continuing offering that service and expand it with customers that use it today. And really no one out there provides a better third-party pickup service than UPS from the planning, implementation and the execution. And for shippers, what it does is, it can be very significant to them in terms of inventory handling and transportation savings associated with the service, as well as an ability for them to offer a broader line of products to both businesses and households consumers. So that's what we are really looking at out there with the third-party billing service. Thanks.
David Abney: Okay. Thank you. First, I would say that when you start talking about, especially 2013, a little bit of 2014, our balance between rail and road did had to change and it had to change because the rails had serious operating problems. Part of it was too much volume, part of it was infrastructure. And we have always valued on the service that we can give our customers. That service started being threatened a little bit with the rail difficulties. So we put more on the road. And now we have seen that the rails have improved and they can provide the service that we need and when they do that, it makes it easier to put some of that business on the rails. And also with this acquisition that we just completed, that's one of the areas that Coyote can help us on, especially during peak when it comes to putting additional loads on the road. That's something that they can provide and help us decide the best company to use, the best agent, the best way to backfill. So we think it's one of the real value points that that they are bringing and it's one of the key synergy areas when we decided to do the deal. And the Coyote acquisition is going very well. It's according to plan. Our customers and employees are reacting very positive and we do believe they are going to help us make a difference during peak of this year. Thank you.
David Abney: Okay. Well, first I would like to thank everyone for their interest in our company and for your questions. I just would like to emphasize that again this time our quarter was in line with our expectations. We felt good. This was a solid quarter. Year-to-date, all three quarters so far have been in line and we have either met or exceeded expectations. That momentum gives us confidence in peak season. We have good plans. We have the people to execute those plans and we have the discipline to do that. And once we do all those three things, then we will see a successful peak season and a successful fourth quarter. I would like to thank our people in advance, because I know they are going to make that happen and just look forward to the call in February. Thank you very much.
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, David and I welcome the opportunity to update you on our global peak season plans and expectations. The growth of online shopping and returns continues to redefine peak season at UPS and this year between Thanksgiving and New Year's, we expect to complete about 10% more deliveries compared to the same period last year. And then on our planned peak day, December 22, we are scheduled to deliver about 36 million packages worldwide more, than twice a typical day. Now looking at the market, the National Retail Federation expects holiday retail sales to increase 3.7% and online sales are forecast to rise between 6% and 8%, similar to last year, but still very strong growth. As David just mentioned, we have broadened our strategy for peak this year and these actions are producing year-round benefits. And UPS focusing right now on three areas, both to improve customer experience and also the financial results of our business. We collaborating with customers to align our capacity with their needs. We are installing world-class technology solutions and we are also implementing selective pricing initiatives. Our first area of focus is to continue to deepen collaboration with customers by jointly developing operating plans that provide the capacity and service levels they expect. And to support our customers' need for flexibility, we will again employ our control tower this year. The primary goal is to optimize the network capacity by providing creative solutions to our customers' unique requests. This allows UPS to further say yes to our customers. In addition, customers have more options this year, including increased adoption of omni-channel distribution and the use of our expanded access point solution. In fact, about 60% of retailers will have an omni-channel strategy deployed this peak. At the same time, UPS will have 8,000 access point locations open in the US and more than 22,000 globally. And this December, 20 million UPS My Choice subscriber households around the world can link to the access point network for delivery solutions that will provide them even more market-leading choice, control and convenience. Looking at our second area of focus, all our constituents will benefit from several key technology and facility automation projects this year. New and updated hubs in the U.S. and Europe will increase sort capacity and reduce cost and we have a multiyear plan to modernize or replace all of our major sorting facilities. And on the road, our delivery dispatch will be even more efficient during peak with the acceleration of ORION. This year, 70% of our U.S. drivers will be utilizing this world-class dispatch technology, up from 45% last year. These technology advances allow us more flexibility to efficiently and effectively adapt to changing customer volume levels on a daily basis. Now finally, looking at pricing. Package sizes continue changing due to the e-commerce trends. As a result, we have adjusted prices to ensure they are aligned to the value of the services that we provide. For lightweight packages, as you know, earlier this year, we expanded dim weight charges for ground shipments. This change encourages our customers to optimize their packaging. At the same time, we have continued to see an increase of very large packages. These shipments require special handling and minimize the opportunities for automated processing. As a result, we have increased the surcharge for these packages. Ultimately, these changes provide an economic incentive for customers to enhance packaging and/or choose the appropriate UPS network. In summary, the UPS team is ready to provide customers around the world with world-class value and service during this upcoming holiday season and the steps we are taking will deliver year-round benefits for both UPS customers and our shareowners. Now I will turn it over to Richard.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Thanks, David. I guess, first like Rich said, we are seeing continual improvement in the B2C. So quarter-over-quarter, first quarter to third-quarter, our B2C results continued to improve in terms of volume growth and that's even with some tough comps from last year on some SurePost wins in the third quarter. We are also seeing very positive growth in our air products, Next Day Air grew 4%, our deferred products are growing double-digit, again, despite tougher year-over-year comps. So we think on the B2c side, for peak season that we are sitting really well in terms of what the growth projections are and we are going to finish the year in line with the volume expectations we set out at the beginning of the year.
Alan Gershenhorn: Well, let me just say that first, our rate change for 2016 is in line with what we have done historically as well as in line with the market. So while we have implemented dim weight this year and we will be lapping that next year. We are confident that the value that we are creating for our customers along with ensuring they understand why we need to increase those prices based on the value in the solutions we are providing for them that we are expecting some strong yield results in the fourth quarter and into 2016.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Hi, Nate. Thanks for the question. This is Alan. Yes, we are in fact seeing strong growth in the Next Day Air and deferred products and it is driven largely by e-commerce and specifically in that area we believe we are gaining market share. And earlier, I think David, in his opening remarks, talked about the expansion of our time of day delivery commitments for Worldwide Express and we have done the same for Next Day Air and our Early A.M. and the Express Plus products and we have the leading coverage in the United States by time of day and certainly worldwide. And we are continuing to focus on being a leader in that area. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: This is Alan, Alex. Thanks for the question. Look, I think we have been successful because of our integrated network that creates the efficiencies and the value proposition. It's very difficult to match. And you have got to keep in mind, that that's from pickup through delivery, right, where we are almost making a million pickup today a day and obviously delivering millions of packages a day. And our customers are actually receiving the benefit of that scale efficiency of the integrated network. At the same time, we are cognizant of the competition out there as well as investing in new technologies to improve both service and efficiency. You are well aware of some of the things we are doing on the e-commerce side with UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point, UPS SurePost, UPS SurePost Redirect, our synchronized delivery service, i-parcel, so on and so forth. So we are continuing to monitor the space, but not only monitor the space, execute and continue to hone our offering to ensure it's the best in the business.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Ken. Good morning. This is Richard. When we look at where our guidance is, we look at both internal and external factors and obviously we have a mixed bag in the economy with the negative IP the last quarter and it doesn't look that's changing going into the fourth quarter. However at the same time, you have B2C that looks like it's going to have a solid quarter. E-commerce is still expected to be strong. And then when you look internally, we look at what we are doing, the preparation. We are making all the right moves. We have made the adjustments in our operations to calibrate the expectations and what our customers are expecting. We are working with customers to ensure that the volume comes in on the tons we are expecting the days of the week and we have aligned our revenue and cost. And so when you put all those factors together, we expect that our bottom line growth will come and that our company performance in the last three quarters will continue into the fourth quarter.
Richard Peretz: David, this is Richard. I will take it and then in a minute I will turn it over to Myron to talk a little about what's going on. We are making the improvements that we guided when we spoke last November. We talked about a multiyear process and we are making those improvements in our operations and at the same time we are balancing the alignment of cost and revenue together. And as we have done that, we have got ORION with 70% of our drivers this peak and so that will continue into 2016. We have the multiyear hub update and replacement that we will be doing. So putting all altogether, we are right in the line with where we expected we would be right now and we are working to the same plan that we covered with you guys just about a year ago. With that, I will turn it over to Myron to talk a little about what's going on operationally right now.
Richard Peretz: Scott, this is Richard. And first of all, when you think about our fourth quarter number, there is growth in all three segments, as we talked earlier. I think in my talk, I said that there is going to be double-digit growth in profit for all three segments of our business. And part of that is because we spent the last year working and our peak plans that Myron talked about and David and Alan this morning, but in the third quarter we also talked a little about the economy and what was going on with it. And we still feel that peak season will be strong because of the growth of e-commerce and that's reflected in the guidance and the guidance does have the total company actually growing double-digit growth in profits for the fourth quarter as well. Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Sure and this is Richard. When we look at our guidance and when we set our guidance for this year and last year when we talked about five years, the variables are obviously the economy and what's happening externally in the economy and at the same time, that's why there is a the range. At this point, given everything we are doing internally to create network efficiencies and manage and ensure that our cost and revenues are aligned properly as we see a structural change in some of the volume mix, we think the range is appropriate. We expect it will continue. And next quarter we will talk about 2016.
Richard Peretz: Sure. John, this is Richard again. When we think about our investments, we are not thinking about what's happening in the next six months, but it's really what's going to happen for the next 10 years. And we are investing to continue to grow this business in the long term. And so when we are thinking about those assets, are they slight tweaks, yes. Year-to-year, we might make some decisions that are more ad hoc, but for the most part, it's a longer-term process. We started the year, I think closer to $3 billion as CapEx and I think right now we think it's closer to $2.8 billion for the year. That's a slight change, but that's not changing our reinvestment in automated buildings and making the network as efficient as possible because as we do that, we also bring down our operating costs. And so that helps our value proposition to our customers and we think that in the long run we will continue to keep investing to make sure that this business keeps growing strong and fast as we can get it to grow.
Myron Gray: So this fourth quarter and moving forward, underlying factors to maintain good margin growth will be additional capacity, enhancing our customer experience and of course cost control. And I will start with cost control first. Richard just alluded to the continued deployment of technology in our field operations. And as he alluded to, we expect to have 70% of our drivers deployed on ORION this year and we will complete that by the end of 2016. And our progress to-date continues to show very good progress. We will also continue to modernize our hubs. We plan to fully automate our top Tier 1 hubs over the course of the next five years. And in addition to that, we will continue to deploy technology in our inside operations to help control cost as well. Alan has alluded to the deployment of access points. This year by the end of year we expect to have over 8,000 access points in the U.S., which helps us to improve delivery density, which also is a cost control measure, while at the same time enhance our customer experience. So we are very confident that moving forward we can continue to extract cost, improve the experience of our customers and have a good profit margin in the U.S.
Myron Gray: So Brandon, let me start with your first question first. We are confident the negotiations will be completed with our pilots without any disruption to our customers, just as it has been in the previous four negotiations with our pilots. UPS and IPA our still bargaining in good faith at the table under the direction of the National Mediation Board. In that vein, it is not possible for a strike without the NMB's permission. And even if they were to give permission, it would only be given after exhausting a lengthy series of safeguards. And the next round of negotiations are already scheduled in November and December. In regards to cost containment in the fourth quarter, we are certain that we can adjust the network and be flexible enough to take the cost out. For example, while we have added capacity of 6% across the network, we will have 35% fewer sort days than last year. Even though we will have 44 additional sorts, we are able to accomplish that by starting the sort much later in the season than a year ago. Last year, the workday that we have with Black Friday operations, we felt like that the delivery network was underutilized and we are making the needed adjustments there. Our purchase transportation expense should be considerably less than a year ago based on our acquisition of Coyote. So we are also going to have improved production with our drivers. We are tightening up our dispatch. We will bring helpers on at the same rate as we did last year, but we are bringing them on much later and we will extend our drivers day to reduce overtime.
Myron Gray: So in addition to that, the 6% capacity is a network number, spanning our ground transportation as well as the air. So on the ground, we have concentrated 10 specific projects that encompass both automation, modernization or expansion of our facilities. We opened two brand new air sorts, one in Ontario, California, as well as one in Columbia, South Carolina. We added additional capacity in Dallas, Texas. If you will recall, last year we opened a brand new facility with 20,000 an hour capacity. That's since been expanded to 40,000 an hour. We modernized one of our hubs in Chicago, Illinois. In addition to that, when you look at WorldPort, where obviously is our air home, we have added additional capacity to increase our feeder only which is our long trailer unload capacity from 70,000 an hour to 100,000 an hour. And going back to Alan's opening statement, if you will recall, the retailers are expecting about 4% overall growth during the period. So we think we are fully covered.
Myron Gray: We are seeing great action being taken by everyone in the industry, but specifically for UPS Freight, we have worked to shed some unprofitable customers all year long. So we will continue to do that by focusing on the small package market, specifically as working very diligently with Coyote.
Myron Gray: Yes. So we are still projecting our yields to be at the higher end of the 2% to 3%. We certainly came in that way in the third quarter. And we are expecting similar results for the remainder of the year. And it's really a combination of dim weight, the GRI and also selective pricing actions with customers. And certainly, we have noticed a uptick in the amount of large packages in our system and we are making sure that we are being compensated appropriately for the value that we are seeing with those packages.
Myron Gray: No. What I actually said was that our profit level will be the highest in the year in the fourth quarter.
Myron Gray: So Jeff, if you look across the year, we have actually had about the same margins all year and we don't expect that to change. You know, at the end of the day, we are balancing our strategy around revenue management and growing the business. With what's going on around the globe and the economy and it is changing a little bit, but that's not really changing where we think we will be. And at the end of the day, the fourth quarter, we expect to be at the high-end of the guidance for what we have given on International.
