David Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings review. Before I get into the business results, I want to take a moment to express my personal sadness about the tragic shooting that took place at one of our facilities in Birmingham, Alabama. We’re a close knit team at UPS and this incident has touched all of us. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and loved ones of those involved. The safety and well being of all 400,000 UPS-ers is a high priority for us and I’m extremely proud of how our people responded to this tragedy, especially those in Birmingham. Now I would like to discuss our third quarter results. Balanced performance from all three segments delivered a record third quarter for UPS. Earnings improved 14% over last year to $1.32 per share. Total shipments increased 6.9% to 1.1 billion packages, the most ever in a non-peak quarter. The strong performance for the small package team provides momentum as we head into the fourth quarter. Overall, the global economic outlook has been mixed with primarily good news coming out of the U.S. and Asia while disappointing reports have recently surfaced in Europe. Trade between countries is a primary catalyst for economic growth. As part of my participation on the President’s Export Council, I just returned from a visit to Poland and Turkey where we discussed practical ways to increase U.S. trade with these two important countries. UPS is a strong advocate for free trade agreements such as the trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific trade pacts currently in negotiations. The key to advancing such trade agreements is the passage of Trade Promotion Authority. This legislation gives the administration the ability to negotiate trade agreements and present them for an up or down vote. We urge Congress to take action on this critical legislation. Looking more specifically at UPS, current market trends have provided a favorable environment for growth and we have been active this quarter enhancing our portfolio and expanding our capabilities. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of i-parcel. This cross-border e-commerce company facilitates the globalization of online retail. i-parcel dramatically simplifies cross-border trade by helping businesses localize their website, providing consumers in over 100 countries a seamless buying experience from the U.S. and UK based retailers. Cross-boarder e-commerce sales are expected to triple by 2018 to more than 300 billion. We are excited about the unique capability this acquisition brings to advancing the UPS global retail strategy. We also announced the expansion of two solutions aimed at enhancing the consumers' experience. Following a successful U.S. launch, UPS My Choice is now operating in 15 additional countries in Europe and North America. International consumers can now receive the personalized home delivery experience that 11 million U.S. members currently enjoy. Also, we expanded the UPS Access Point alternate delivery network to New York and Chicago with more U.S. cities to follow. By the end of 2015, we plan to increase the number of locations from 12,000 in Europe to more than 20,000 worldwide. This is a great example of how UPS continues to implement innovative ways to increase B2C profitability and improve the customer experience. In addition to these new solutions, UPS continues to invest around the globe. We announced new locations in Poland, expanded our forwarding and distribution networks in Myanmar and Thailand, while opening facilities in Mexico and Canada. Here in the U.S., we have increased network capacity to support our growth. These enhancements benefit UPS throughout the year and continue to prepare us for peak season. In a moment, Myron will take you through our peak plans and expectations. We’re continuing to invest in our network enabling UPS to capitalize on sustained growth. Let me assure you, UPS is ready for the opportunities and challenges we expect to face this year. Now I would to turn it over to Myron.
David Abney: And you have to remember that some of the capacity that we’re putting on this peak is temporary affordable capacity that we can turn on and off with any of the major hub expansions or modifications will be utilized throughout the year.
David Abney: I think one significant difference between last year and this year is last year we had to reactively near the end of peak try to put on a lot of extra employees. This year we’ve got increased volume going into peak. And because we have such better visibility in forecasting, we’re actually putting these people in place a little bit earlier and they are trained and they’re ready to go so that when peak does fully engage, they will be able to pull their weight. So much more of a proactive view this year versus reactive.
David Abney: Well, first, you just have to consider that we are in negotiations. And the big thing that I would want you to take from that ad is the quote that they remain committed to delivering your holiday in 2014. That’s what they are paid to do, that’s what our contract covers that they would do and what’s what we would expect them to do and we appreciate the fact that they made that commitment. But we’re going to continue to negotiate in good faith and we’re going to do what’s right for the company, we’re going to do what’s right for our pilots. And we’re not going to discuss the specifics of negotiations here, because we think that it’s best left at the bargaining table. We just want to remind everyone that we are covered under the Railway Labor Act, so these contracts do not expire. They become amendable and the contract term stay in force. The National Mediation Board, the IPA and us asked the NMB to get involved in the negotiations and they did so six months ago and they are now controlling the pace and timing of those negotiations.
David Abney: Thanks, Joe, and thanks to all of you for participating in my first earnings call as the CEO. And the results discussed this morning represent the effort of more than 400,000 UPS-ers and they’re working very diligently to develop, test and implement new technologies and they’re really making good progress. And we have set high expectations and our people are really excited and they’re ready for the upcoming challenge. I am confident that they will make a real difference. You can see we’re adapting to the rapidly changing marketplace. The growth opportunities are many and we look forward to reviewing them with you during the New York conference. We’ll update you at that time on our long-term strategy and of course I am looking forward to share my vision for UPS at that time. So, thanks again for joining us and have a good Friday. Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: First, I’d say that you guys know that most of our growth these past few years has come from B2C and overall profits and margins have improved. And along with creating the value for the retailers and consumers, obviously achieving acceptable levels of profit is absolutely central. And if you take a look at all of our newer services and solutions, they’re all designed to drive down cost by improving stock and/or delivery and pickup density economics. So you've got SurePost and SurePost redirect that improves delivery density and lowers delivery cost. UPS My Choice, which I think David mentioned, launched in 15 more countries helps us reduce those unsuccessful delivery attempts. And then obviously UPS Access Point, which right now most of what we’re doing there is delivering to the Access Point after the first delivery attempt, but the ultimate goal is to have shoppers be able to pick Access Points right from the retailers' website get it directly to the Access Point or UPS My Choice customer directing it directly to the Access Point and that obviously changes residential stops into commercial and improves delivery density.
Alan Gershenhorn: So first, I think we all know that the market continues to change with B2C volume making up bigger concentration of our business and that is really driving down the lower yields due to the lighter weights in shifts and product and customer mix. As you know, we stick to that 2% to 3% annual base price increase. This year we have been much closer to the 2%. Next year, we plan to take that up. Certainly the rate change we just announced at 4.9% for ground and air, as well as the DIM weight initiative are great examples of addressing the yields due to shifts to the lighter weights.
Alan Gershenhorn: I will just add quickly that the collaboration with the customers this year as well as the forecasting tools that we have in place is unprecedented. The primary focus is on delivery reliability with the customers. Again, they talked a lot about this control tower, it’s made up of engineering, ops, sales and revenue management and we'll assess capacity and we’ll determine rates and surcharges as needed. But the primary focus here is on network reliability and then after that, certainly what we get paid for, right volume at the right price.
Alan Gershenhorn: Every delivery angle is better economics, whether we deliver it directly to the access point or we deliver it out to the – to send again to the consumer’s house. The way I would think about access points and we’ll talk about this more at the investor conference is in totality with the whole ecosystem with UPS My Choice and now even i-parcel, so we’re the only ones with an Access Point and UPS My Choice network on two continents and now with i-parcel, we’re going to be able to enable domestic retailers in the U.S. and the UK to basically have access to consumers in over 100 countries around the world and those consumers will be able to shop seamlessly just like they’re shopping in their own country.
Alan Gershenhorn: As Kurt reported there, our B2B growth has been the strongest this quarter at 3.4%. And while you do get some nice B2B growth out of B2C or retail which is really part of our overall B2C strategy, we’re seeing much more broad-based growth. Industrial manufacturing is certainly growing much stronger than it has and our solutions are really resonating in that area and our sales and solutions teams are winning.
Alan Gershenhorn: So certainly as we look at our customers' forecasts and what we agreed to on a year around basis as well as peak, there is some variability in what a customer wants to give us. Certainly there is always the opportunity to put in some sort of a peak surcharge for that additional business. And I think that your comments are certainly something that we’re taking a very close look at. We've got to manage this business on a year around basis and we certainly understand that peak season is becoming more and more of a step up phenomenon and we can’t build a network, or as Kurt always says, we can’t build a church for a day.
Kurt Kuehn: Well Thomas, we don’t comment specifically on any specific customer. But clearly, we’re working very closely with all our major shippers. And it’s an evolving market and UPS is continuing to adapt to that. But the suite of capabilities we have we think continue to make us a tremendous player in this space and we’ll continue to.
Kurt Kuehn: Well clearly we pride ourselves on being very disciplined over the long-term on pricing and this year the priority has been added capacity, meeting customer needs and having the superior quality we’re known for. I’ll turn it over to Alan a little bit to talk about the revenue management process and the rate announcements we’ve made recently.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, there is a lot of noise in the comparisons for Q4 this year and last year. And if you peel those back a little bit and look at some of the extraordinary events that happened last year and what we’re doing this year, it makes a little more sense. We are looking to spend approximately $115 million in peak and project related expenses in Q4 and so that does reduce the year-over-year increases we’d be seeing otherwise. But if you take that out, I think you’ll see that there is a -- we’ve got a good core margin approaching 15% and a solid improvement. So this year is focused on capacity and capabilities and we do think we’ll have a good profit quarter, but we are spending some unique expenses this year to make sure things happen.
Kurt Kuehn: Ken, this is Kurt. I’ll link this one together that, really this is a twofold process. We have a control tower process for peak. And I’ll have Myron talking about the operational alignment on that and then Alan talking about the customer alignment. So Myron, maybe you could start off on our operational connectivity this year.
Kurt Kuehn: Ken, I think the best way to look at it is it's a refinement and we’ve increased visibility and increased collaboration, both internally and externally. So we’re moving forward. Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: I can speak to that. Clearly, we’re seeing continued growth. This is not by any means just a peak issue or fourth quarter. So we’ve shown some of the strongest growth both domestically and internationally we’ve seen in a while. So this is not by any means to say speak season event. It’s just we’re talking about peak right now, because it's that time of the year. But we think that the changes in e-commerce and omni-commerce are here to stay.
Kurt Kuehn: Bill, it will be talked in quite a bit about the long-term outlook in a few weeks, both on, as David said how we’re adapting our operating model, as Alan talked about how we’re enhancing service to be profitable. We were about 45% B2C in the U.S. in the third quarter. Certainly, that number is continuing to grow, although we’re seeing, as we’ve mentioned, good strong robust growth in B2B as the industrial base of the U.S. picks up. So more to come on that. We’re not making any forecast right now, but clearly we’ll be talking about the long-term in a few weeks.
Kurt Kuehn: It’s really both of those, Kevin. But I’ll let Jim talk a little bit to some of activities going on in our International Express business.
Kurt Kuehn: Fuel was a slightly positive for the international, not much on the domestic side. Currency clearly has been very volatile. Fortunately with some hedging, it actually was a little bit of a support in Q3, although as we look at Q4, our comps year-over-year for currency, especially the euro, will be a drag. So both of those were a mild positive for this year, but we do expect some currency headwinds as far as profits are concerned in Q4.
Kurt Kuehn: We did see a big increase in purchase transportation, very similar to what we saw in Q3. And the factors there are multiple actually, because there is a lot of different moving parts in that. The biggest one clearly is increased forwarding expenses. I said we did see a large increase in tonnage, double-digit tonnage, which does drive up the PTE. In addition, our SurePost product that has rapid growth, that’s where the payments for third party show up. So the growth in that is included in that. And some of the international expenses for delivery for the final mile show up there with outside contractors. So it’s a number of issues. We are certainly seeing some inflation in the over-the-road rates. And as we mentioned in the second quarter, we have taken some volume off the rail and that does show up and driving some increases in purchase transportation. So a lot of moving parts, some of it driven by revenue growth and some in some other conditions.
Kurt Kuehn: No, we think that's still a long ways off. And as we said, our primary purpose of that appeal was just to avoid having a precedent set that creates a very narrow definition of the market. So that’s an important one, we think, because it may be used in other areas more than this specific transaction.
Kurt Kuehn: We have stated that we expect to hire 90,000 to 95,000 this year in the U.S. and that’s against an actual hiring of about 85,000 last year. So it is an increase, but not totally out of the range. Myron, maybe you could talk a little bit about how we manage that.
Kurt Kuehn: I’ll start off with the hedging. We have gone out a couple of years actually on the euro, although last year we were at about a 136 and our hedge is at about 133 for the fourth quarter. So we’re in decent shape going out for the next couple of years, but it depends where currencies move and the volatility does create some challenges. So I’ll let Jim maybe talk a little bit about the trends in the business he's seen.
Kurt Kuehn: Well certainly if those trends continue, then it’s good news because it increases the density and just helps the network overall. We do think that there is an industrial renaissance of sorts in the U.S. And so as low energy and other advantages that the U.S. has continue, that does bode well for balancing our network. So we’re -- nothing specific right now, but clearly we’re pleased to see some of the revitalization.
Kurt Kuehn: We’ve been very strong results on the yield front if you look over the last couple of years, so some of that is really just wrapping some of the industry leading improvements we've seen. But I'll let Myron talk a little bit about our continuing focus on the middle market and leveraging our connectivity to grow the business profitably.
Kurt Kuehn: That certainly is generating a lot of press. Other than drones, I can't think of anything else that seems to grab the headlines. There are some markets where that same day is an important element and we’ll talk about this at our investor conference. But we think that the majority of Internet shopping anyway happens late afternoon and evening and that the real hotspot is going to be local next day delivery and that’s something we’re working very closely with a number of brick and mortar retailers on to be able to fill from stores that have inventory in that metropolitan area and make deliveries the next day. That’s where the bulk of the demand is, that’s where the economics make sense. So more to come and we’ll be talking about this at our investor conference. So thanks for your call.
Myron Gray: So Ken, early in the year and all of this year we've been working very closely with the high impact customers to assess what they think their volume needs are going to be for the fourth quarter. So we have worked them to determine their shipping needs as well as we've implemented new technology that will give us a view into what their shipping patterns are. So if they exceed the projected volume quotas that they have given us, then we have an advanced opportunity to go back to them and mute what they’re giving to us. And this control tower will be managed by senior leaders in the organization. So I’ll give Alan an opportunity to address that.
Myron Gray: We have experienced to date no issues with bringing on additional personnel throughout the U.S. But in addition to that, our capacity to train has been enhanced by adding additional Integrad training sites across the country. We have added five additional Integrad sites that should ease the burden of training additional employees. And as we ramp up throughout the peak season, we foresee no issues at all.
Myron Gray: The Freight group continues to see steady improvement year-over-year. But as we've professed before, they will continue to see opportunities for growth. We have a continued discipline growth strategy focused on profit and not necessarily market share. We’ll focus on the middle market customers utilizing our ground sales force as well as the continued expansion in technology that we'll utilize to seek growth with. So we expect to continue to see steady improvements in our Freight Group.
Jim Barber: Jeff, I mean I think the value of that investment in the U.S. will be very similar to what we had and continue to develop in international. Effectively, it has seven or eight different value points, of which I am not going to over all of them on the line. We’ll do that in New York when we’re with you. But it does create different economics in a B2C or retail package that we think help both the customer and UPS to scale the investments and go forward. So we love the investment and I think New York you’ll see the same thing that we see today.
Jim Barber: Let me start and I’ll take both sides and give it to Alan for a little bit more color as well. It’s both, to be honest with you, it allows the B2C economics to move much more towards a B2B set of economics, so you’ve got the cost side of it as well. But from a revenue perspective, it allows different pickup origin points and access points for customers which gets into the revenue management side as well. And I think Alan will add a couple of points to that.
Jim Barber: So it really is both of them. I mean if you saw the growth rates, we had some very, very strong export growth rates and some reasonable domestic growth rates as well in the middle single digits in some of our bigger countries. So the combination of those put pressure on the yield. But ultimately the job is to match the network to the yield and create operating margins and leverage and continue to invest in the network. So we’re comfortable with that. We told you last quarter we had the mix improvements in Europe where you can start to see those economics comp sequentially across the quarters and we’ll continue to do that. So it’s a combination of the yields and obviously the operating efficiency in the network.
Jim Barber: I would say it's one of those issues that with tonnage and shipment fuel growth in the middle teens, that’s a good problem to have. It says our customers like our solutions, they like the fact that we’re connecting their supply chains across the globe. The buy/sell rates we have moved very quickly in the third quarter. We talk about this a number of times over the quarters and internally we've kicked off an internal work team to look forward over the next couple of years to look at how we do this and make sure that our speed and flexibility changes to the environment and we look at other value drivers to get to other customers to kind of change the mix in the network as well. So again, we’ll probably talk about this as well in New York. But it’s an area that we think there's a good opportunity for us to improve going forward and we plan to do that.
Jim Barber: As some of the opening comments alluded to, we have a fourth quarter that’s going to wrap over some big wins in the fourth quarter last year. So that will actually kind of dampen some of the growth, but the growth is fine. It’s exactly where we plan it to be. It’s controlled growth that’s a combination of continuing to invest in the network and the revenue management practices that you can see starting to come true. So we’re off to a good international peak as well and we plan to continue to manage that as such. So fourth quarter looks good so far.
Jim Barber: Well, with regard to the economics of Europe, that’s one thing, but I think if you look back over the years, the economics there versus the way UPS performs don’t actually have that big of a correlation. We continue to go in and with the brand where it needs to be, invest in that market and we’ll continue to do so.
