D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. It was great seeing you at our conference in Louisville. I hope you came away with the better understanding of our many capabilities and the investments we're making for the future. UPS delivered another good quarter of earnings growth. Highlighting the balance of our global business model and its ability to perform in the face of challenging economic conditions. Results like these reflect the value that UPS solutions are providing customers. There is increasing uncertainty in the global economic environment, most notably, exports from Asia, which slowed significantly during the quarter. On the other hand, it appears that the U.S. economy has stabilized and continues to show modest growth. Despite all the concerns of the European economy, our business there continues to perform well with exports up 9%. The outlook for the remainder of the year is for continued slow growth. Because we have seen less buildup of inventories heading into peak season, UPS could benefit if consumers respond with stronger than expected holiday purchases just like it did in 2009. We really won’t know this until the 2 weeks prior to Christmas as peak has become more compressed. Taking a step in the right direction, I want to congratulate Congress and the Administration for approving the critical trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia and Panama. Export growth in these countries will provide economic growth and create jobs here at home. I'm encouraged to finally see some bipartisan cooperation and hopeful that our leadership in Washington can continue to work together to stimulate our economy like a jobs bill that delivers real results and tax reform that encourages business investment. Here at UPS, we are not standing by waiting for the government or the economy to lead us. As we demonstrated during our conference, we continue to innovate and invest in the technology and solutions that our customers value. Recently, we rolled out several innovative, groundbreaking products. The most notable being UPS My Choice, which provides consumers with unparalleled delivery options. This service puts controls in the hand of the residential customer. As a secondary benefit, it helps UPS lower costs by eliminating multiple delivery attempts. Since the recent launch of this product, we have over 100,000 subscribers and that number continues to increase rapidly. To support our continued growth in Europe, we announced a significant expansion of the Cologne air hub. This $200 million project will include state-of-the-art UPS technology and boost capacity by more than 70%. Capital investments like this allow us to grow our network efficiently and achieve the return on investment capital goals unveiled at our conference. As we outlined there, UPS' solution-based approach spans the entire Supply Chain. These global capabilities are unmatched and customers recognize the value UPS provides. The conductivity across business units and the reach of our network continues to drive results. Though economists expect global economic growth for 2012 to remain below historic trends, I am confident in our ability to perform, rewarding share owners during both the current period of uncertainty and over the long term. With that said, let me turn it over to Kurt.
D. Scott Davis: I think, Jon, we'll stay in a rational price environment, which will also help us enhance the margins.
D. Scott Davis: Ken, I think the lean inventories that our customers are stocking right now could certainly lead us to stronger both International and Domestic Air Express business in the fourth quarter.
D. Scott Davis: And David, in January, we'll talk about the rate for next year as we look at the expected earnings, distribution of earnings.
D. Scott Davis: Domestically, the yields between the third quarter and second quarter were very similar, there really was no degradation, whatsoever.
D. Scott Davis: First of all the question is Europe, that's not the answer. Europe has stayed very strong. We’ve had -- we're very pleased with performance and profitability out of Europe. I mean, clearly, this was an Asia issue. And as you know, we had the most leverage both positive and negative coming out of Asia and it's tough to get the network cut down quick enough. But clearly, issue here was Asia in the third quarter and the second quarter.
D. Scott Davis: I'd just say just in the economy in general, we're probably a little more optimistic than we were 1 or 2 months ago. We've had a lot of good economic reports. In the U.S., retail sales are looking -- better last month, unemployment claims are improving, manufacturing is getting better, bank loans are increasing. So I think we feel a little bit better. And that's been the problem on Asia exports, the demand of the U.S. has slowed down, and somewhat in Europe, demand has slowed down, so I think if we can get some decision-making done in Washington and Brussels, you'll see a firmer demand going forward, which obviously will help Asian exports.
D. Scott Davis: The pension, Bill, is going to be obviously determined by the discount rate at December 31, so we can't calculate that yet. Returns on our plans have been pretty good this year despite the turmoil of the market. So it's all going to depend on the discount rates. So we won't know that number until we announce it in January.
D. Scott Davis: We feel pretty comfortable with the relationship we have at Cologne. And certainly, as we discuss these expansions with the administrators at Cologne Airport, we've got assurances that we're in good shape for many years to come.
D. Scott Davis: We talked, Nate, a lot about this the last quarter at the Investor Conference that we really have invested pretty heavily in our intra-Asia network as it is probably the fastest growing business in the world right now. So we've obviously improved Time-In-Transit. We've added a lot more flights between locations over there and we'll continue to invest heavily as we go forward, but I think, generally, we're focused on, we're paying a lot of attention to and probably made our heaviest investments this year.
D. Scott Davis: And again, I think we're not writing off Asia exports to the U.S. I think, as the U.S. economy stabilizes, you're going to see more demand for Asian products. So I think you will see a pick-up then. But this quarter or next quarter, you're going to see exports in Asia the U.S. pick up again.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I want to reiterate though that Europe has stayed strong. Kurt talked about upper single digit growth. Last quarter, our profits were good. So we're comfortable. I mean, everybody is worried about the headlines, about Europe's economy, but our business has stayed strong and we expect it to stay strong going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Clearly, with the softening in Asia, capacity utilization across the freight networks dropped fairly substantially. And Ocean Freight clearly was kind of underwhelming this year with the normal peak being certainly smaller than we expected. We've really not written a story yet on airfreight, as I said. We think there is certainly a decent probability that there'll be a bit of a squeeze in the next couple of months, but at least so far to date, the air buildup has been fairly modest. So we remain cautious in that theater. It is a benefit for the margins on our Forwarding group and certainly, helped us to generate the 8.3% margin in that segment, but we do remain cautious. There are a lot of players and there's some risk of overcapacity, certainly.
D. Scott Davis: This time in 2009, we did not see the airfreight peak that happened. So it's -- because holiday season is so compressed, it is down to just a few weeks in December now. You won't see it for a while, but at this time -- this call in 2009, we did not see peak that we're heading into. So can't say it's going to happen in 2011, but it's showing possibility.
D. Scott Davis: What I'll say, we're planning on growth out of Asia in the fourth quarter, and we have less capacity so that should help utilization.
D. Scott Davis: I think, Jeff, again, a lot of this was driven by concern and uncertainty in the United States when after the first and second quarter GDP numbers came out and got revised down. There was a lot of concern of a double dip and people stopped buying, stopped consuming. In the last month or so, we're starting to see actually better economic numbers. So there's more optimism out there and that could change -- that could turn things around. We're still expecting a slow growth in economy, but I don't think it's negative as people were thinking 2 and 3 months ago.
D. Scott Davis: Key ways we talked about in the past to improve the margins, Gary, is to get, our average weight rate is still high because we're not growing the business enough. And right now productivity is same as half of that in wage increase. We can get that average weight increase down by bringing in lower seniority employees, that's going to help us an awful lot. So instead of saving half of the wage increase can save much more than that with the productivity improvements.
D. Scott Davis: It really comes down though -- it comes to your, I guess your projections of demand out of Europe and demand out of United States. And right now, there's some cautious optimism, as Kurt said earlier, on the peak season in the United States where the National Retail Federation is calling for a 2.8% increase in sales, which is actually higher than average for the last 10 years. Not as good as last year, but higher than the average for the last 10 years. If that happens, that will create demand. But as I said before, it's a compressed season, so we'll have to wait and see.
D. Scott Davis: We're taking out capacity and we generate probably double the margins of our competitors, so you think there's got to be a lot of pressure on them to reduce capacity going forward.
D. Scott Davis: I might add, we do very well on profitability in our transporter standard. So just because you're trading down, doesn't mean you're hurting your profitability.
D. Scott Davis: David, I said last quarter, I thought that the economy could be anywhere between 1% and 3.5% in the second half of the year and where the economy ended up could drive where we are in the range. So I think there's a good chance we're going to be somewhere in the middle of it, in that economy, the economic forecast of 1% to 3.5%. So we feel pretty comfortable keeping the range where it is. Still, as Kurt said, the holiday season has a big wide range on the results, so we left it where it was.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Now UPS produced solid results as we managed through the economic soft patch in the third quarter, but now we're starting to see a number of developments that give me optimism. U.S. economy is stable in showing modest growth. We've started to see important decisions being made in both Washington and Brussels, although much more action is needed there. UPS is ready with a global integrated network in place to support stronger growth going forward. As we look for the rest of the year, UPS is prepared to meet the needs of our customers and finish up the year with a strong fourth quarter as we achieve record earnings per share for the year. Thanks so much, and have a great day.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. We feel pretty happy about our continued momentum in the Domestic business, even in a muted growth environment with a focus on yields and the broad productivity improvements leveraging many of the things we talked about at the conference. We are continuing to see margin expansion. Clearly, it's a lot easier in a more robust economy and time will tell how 2012 looks. But as long as we keep focusing on our effectiveness and improve the value proposition with things like My Choice, we feel pretty bullish about the long-term Domestic opportunity.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Ken. Clearly, we've been pleased with our progress in the Air business with the financial industry continuing to struggle and the housing industry weak. It does negatively impact the Letter business, but we've seen good growth in our Next Day Package, both with the a.m commitments and with the afternoon commitments. So we do see most of the growth in the package arena as supply chains continue to speed up and that is accentuated in an improving economic environment.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we had guided at the beginning of the year to a range of 34% to 35%, and we do expect overall that the rate will come in at the low-end of that range at 34%. And it's a combination of the geographic mix of our earnings and some minor specific settlements. So it really just means that we are coming in at the lower end of the range and we'll probably see a similar adjustment in Q4 as we had in Q3.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think, Tom, the good news is, is that the pricing has remained stable in the International environment. It is a rational environment. Clearly, on the Cargo and the Freight side, the pricing is a little weaker and that benefits our Forwarding unit. We do expect to see the International demand firm up a little bit in Q4 with some product launches that last year were in the third quarter that are now in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, though, we did take a substantial amount of capacity out so we've lowered our year-over-year capacity out of Asia by about 10% or so and we'll continue to look at that. We did -- we have made, though, over the last year, 1.5 years a number of substantial enhancements with the direct flights to Europe and some of those things. And we do think that investing in that and continuing to leverage that platform is wise, but we'll adjust and adapt as the economy tweaks it. But right now, we feel like we're in pretty good shape, and borrowing further declines, we should be pretty well-calibrated.
Kurt Kuehn: The international showed -- did see some impact and that's really that demonstration of the mix. As we said, we showed continued strong growth. European exports, most of which stay in the continent, grew upper single digits. North America trade continued strong, so there's a mix within that International export that did have an impact and if you take out the currency and the fuel, certainly that was a somewhat negative impact on yields. But we think on a same-package basis or a same-store basis that yields remain firm and there are some mix changes, but all in all, we feel very comfortable both domestically and international that the value proposition is such that we're able to sustain good yields.
Kurt Kuehn: And I guess I will comment that we're just showing a very slight decline of profits, 2%. Just the impact of fuel and currency would more than account for that. So we're not pleased with the third quarter results, but we're taking steps and we feel very confident that the International segment is going to continue to outgrow and we had a pretty sudden change in Asia. We telegraphed that in July and talked about it also in September. So it is a challenge, but we still feel very positive on the long-term prospects for the International.
Kurt Kuehn: It's all -- you really have to look lane by lane, Ed. We did actually go to negative on the U.S. to Asia lane, and clearly, that's a lane that we have substantial capacity. The other lanes remained positive. Actually, Asia to Europe continued to look good. And as I said, we did take out approximately 10% of capacity in the quarter, and barring continual declines, we should be in better shape.
Kurt Kuehn: That was a Domestic reference, and it was weighted average of all the products. The Grounds, probably a little higher than the average, and the Air is a little lighter than the average. Clearly, that's not a big change. And in general, those trends are pretty darn similar to Q2 if you x it all out. So as you know, we continue to focus on creating as much value as possible and pricing accordingly, and that's gone very well this year.
Kurt Kuehn: The only place that would be relevant a little bit might be in some of the premium services where we are seeing high -- little higher growth in the afternoon services versus the a.m. So yes, you could adjust that out. We're seeing a similar trend, although slight in the International too, with a little higher growth in our standard services.
Kurt Kuehn: We have seen, I guess, it differs by theater a little bit. Asia, we are seeing some firming. Certainly, some of that is due to these major product launches that you read about in the paper. Europe remains fairly stable, although clearly, we are probably a little bit cautious on Europe with all the headline risk. And the U.S., perhaps a little bit softer, but not a big change in trends.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Bill, we clearly show the FX impact for the -- on the revenue side and there was fairly significant impact. On the P&L though, we actually had a slight negative impact for FX, cost us about $0.01 or so. It's a combination of some of the collars we put on where it capped our coverage and also some strengthening in Asia against the dollar. So it's a mixed issue, not a huge trend, but it was headwind.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, certainly, if there's a little bit of an inventory squeeze, and I'd say there's a decent probability of that, then there is some upside. As Scott mentioned earlier, especially those long transpacific routes, there's incredible leverage on. And so to some extent, you make your bets and you see how it comes through. There does seem to be a little uptick as Scott had said in sentiment right now and that could create the need to speed up supply chains. Clearly, the flooding in Southeast Asia is a challenge that may also lead to some late hurry-up orders to catch up on supply. That's one of the reasons we've been, I guess, balanced in our capacity reductions, taking enough out that we don't feel like we've got too much, but at the same time, keeping enough infrastructure in place to capitalize on the benefit.
Kurt Kuehn: And really the combination of the intra-Asia flights as Asia trades more with itself and the continuing migration of integrated supply chains in Europe tends to drive the intra-European shipments also. So we remain very focused and bullish on both those theaters.
Kurt Kuehn: Not material. I mean, we certainly have been in the growth and in expansion mode in International, both with aircraft and with the sales resources and some other things. So we have been investing for growth and we continue to see the benefits of that with UPS far exceeding any of our competitors' profits and growth rates. So we are probably a little bit heavier on the investment side than on average, so there's some exposure if growth doesn't materialize, but no single -- the Cologne expansion is the -- would be the biggest capital investment in Europe, and clearly, that hasn't really broken ground yet.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we continue to be pleased with our progress there. As we said, freight shipments were basically flat this quarter. We think that's pretty much in line with the industry. We do see the market proceeding towards a more healthy outcome. Clearly, we've been consistent on our revenue management policies, but many of our competitors have been pretty erratic. So we're continuing to focus on value and offering a unique proposition to customers and we will dial-up our aggressiveness on market share as we see the right time in the industry. But at this point, we're pretty pleased with the progress we're making.
Kurt Kuehn: Fuel was a modest tailwind for the Domestic and a modest headwind for the International. It wasn't a huge number either way. But in International, the absolute level of fuel is more important, whereas, in Domestic, it's primarily a timing issue. So in aggregate, it's not a big story, but it did help the Domestic a bit and was a headwind for the International.
Kurt Kuehn: It's really too soon to lock that in, I guess. With the product launches and some of the normal volatility, it's too early for us to make a call on -- if we've nailed capacity and demand perfectly on the balance. Remember though that we do have the ability to, as a very strong forwarder, to help smooth out the utilization of our airline with utilization of our forwarding capacity. So in aggregate, if you look at both business segments combined, it does reduce the volatility.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, if you factor out the 2 commodities, the fuel and the currency, clearly, we would've shown decent profit increases, probably, mid-single digit profit increases, maybe a little better. And then the product mix jumps around on us and this was one of the most volatile quarters. I mean, if you think of where we were at the beginning of the quarter and the whole roller coaster we've been on with demand and expectations around this global trade, that we were pleased that we continue to see growth in those regional shipments but with a high leverage. Those long-distance runs has clearly had an impact on the margins.
Kurt Kuehn: So we are confident that the International segment will be back on a profit growth trend and continue to market share gains. How rapid that profit growth is will depend somewhat on the mix of how the next couple of months come together.
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly, continued leverage of technology in our freight operation is a big part of the margin improvements. We had a good quarter this quarter, about 2/3 of the way to that goal as far as margins are concerned. But we're leveraging a lot of the technology that we manage our business with both on the line haul and the pick-up and delivery to streamline the freight. And that's part of the synergies that we bring. Much as we added paperless invoice to our airfreight shipments to streamline the customs clearance, we're also bringing the operational technology to the UPS Freight. And it's likely we'll have some other exciting announcements continuing on the UPS Freight both for the customer benefit and the operational.
Kurt Kuehn: No, David, you're a little too optimistic. We actually did see volume declines in our International business on the Small Package. The Forwarding was down also, but sometimes the volume that hits our planes or doesn't hit it can move around. So no, we did see low single-digit declines in exports out of Asia, which is unusual for us. We are expecting that to get back up to modest increases for Q4. But no, there were real sequential or year-over-year declines at least, but was part of the problem.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it's a good question. Clearly, we did pretty well in a flat growth environment. We improved margins 60 basis points, but the comps versus last year on the comp and benefits were tougher and it was part of why we had fairly cautious guidance on that. But typically, the third quarter is a quarter where we true-up our self-insured liabilities, workers comps, some of those things. And the adjustment we made in 2010 was a much larger credit than what we saw in 2011. So that did cause the comp and benefit line to be a little higher in comparison to volume than normal. We don't -- that is basically a onetime event, although, it does get adjusted every year. So we continue to be optimistic, that's why we remain committed to the range we've done and are seeing great operational results and are expecting volumes to begin picking up a bit in the fourth quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: It's almost impossible to factor that out. There's always product launches going on, as to whether it would be positive or not, I'm not sure. We've had estimates of some of the product launches and you have some for multiple companies every year. But we do see Asia without the product launches getting a little firmer. I guess, that's the bottom line.
Kurt Kuehn: No. We are seeing some of our competitors react and take down excess capacity. Some of them have rechanged their routes to improve their utilization, and may be doing some fuel tech stops. But it's not just the express carriers, as you mentioned, there are other players, some of the foreign flag aircraft that have added some capacity. So we do think the market is rational, but clearly, when you make those big investments, you have to plan for the long-term. And so far, though, we do see people adjusting and taking some capacity out. So we don't think there's much risk of this thing getting drastic with a dramatic imbalance, but we do have to be cautious.
Kurt Kuehn: Tom, we'll talk in certainly much more detail on the next quarter about our expectations for that. We did have about $0.07 headwind this year for increased pension expense. And with these frustratingly low discount rates, it does create some real challenges at least from an accounting perspective on the earning side. However, we feel pretty confident that over time, these incredibly low rates will come back up to a more normal historical level, which would do wonders for some of the plans. Having said that, our plan is in great shape as you mentioned, with the funding we did early in the year. We're pretty much 100% funded. So if rates stay this low through the end of the year, there will be some headwinds on our, at least our reported expense for the plan, but it will still be very well funded. And at least at this point, we're not planning for major additional funding, anything that would be outside the normal.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, a little bit, a little bit. The blessing and the curse of this grade integrated network is it's very easy for customers to move up and down the portfolio. It was a tremendous strength for us during the recession because customers could trade down to the portfolio to save money rather than trading out. So we're seeing a little bit of that. Is it the beginning of a trend or is it just a blip, we're not sure yet. But we have seen, in the last quarter, a little bit of an acceleration in the growth in our more standard products and slower growth in our premium products. But all in all, Europe exports grew upper single digits, which is, I think, far above the market. We'll hear from some of our other competitors in the next couple of weeks and see, but we remain very confident that we've got a very strong value proposition there and are helping customers compete in a challenging environment.
Kurt Kuehn: I guess the trick in the short term is that the premium products tend to have more fixed costs, and that the extreme is the Asia to U.S. lines. So it's mainly an issue for us of adapting our network, rightsizing, getting the right size plane and the right assets. And so over time, as Scott says, we can adjust and continue to generate the incredible margins that we're able to, no matter what the product mix. But in the short term, it can create some challenges to adapting the assets.
Kurt Kuehn: David, I don't want to get in detailed specifics on it. Clearly, we've migrated over the last couple of years to an annual guidance. If we think there's a risk of going out of that, either the positive or the negative, we would adjust. But it has been a bit of a roller coaster in the last few months anyway. We've taken a hard look at it. We are very confident that we will complete the year in that guidance. And with the uncertainty in the U.S. on the holidays, with the volatility we've seen across the globe, we figured we'd leave us a pretty wide range and not try to thread the needle for the remainder of the year anyway. So we remain optimistic, but we do think that since peak becomes more and more intense and more and more short, we thought it safe just to go ahead and stay with this current annual range.
