Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within The Federal Securities Laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2021 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the third quarter of 2022, GAAP results include a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension gains of $782 million, a onetime non-cash after tax charge of $384 million resulting from accelerated vesting of restricted performance units in connection with the change in incentive compensation program design, a non-cash after tax charge of $58 million from a reduction in the residual value of our MD11 aircraft and after tax transformation and other charges of $41 million.  The after tax total for these items is $299 million, a benefit to fourth quarter 2022 EPS of $0.34 per diluted share. Additional details regarding your pension adjustments are included in the Appendix of our fourth quarter 2022 earnings presentation that will be posted to the UPS Investor Relations website later today. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website, along with the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions].  And now I'll turn the call over to Carol. 
Ken Cook: And Stephen, one note before we do that, we did experience a technical difficulty with a webcast this morning. So apologies to those of you who've missed a portion of our prepared remarks. We plan to post the full recording of today's call to our Investor Relations website shortly after the completion of our call.  So Stephen, please open the lines. 
Ken Cook: And just a reminder, please limit yourself to one question, so that we can get through as many participants as possible. 
Ken Cook: Excellent. I want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning. We look forward to talking to you next quarter, and that concludes our call.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Amit, I'll get started. We had about $420 million benefit to our consolidated operating costs, and that Amit, is being offset with investments. So that 420 specifically, I think you were talking about the domestic business, which is 380 of the 420, which is worth about $0.07 on a CPP. So when you think about the investment we're going to make into the business, which are about $400 billion, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that basically offsets the pension service cost impacted domestic. So it's more of a one for one.  On the labor front, so we've modelled in rates in both our base and our downside scenario, Amit. And I'm not going to get into the wage and benefit component of that. But I guess there's a broader labor question in there.
Brian Newman: Sure, Tom. Well, look, Nando and the team have done a great job in pivoting and really driving productivity in the fourth quarter, they did an outstanding job. And we're calling for low single digit CPP in 2023. I referenced some of the investments that I think you're talking about in terms of smart pack smart facility, maybe if I unpack those, you'll get a sense of where we're investing.  So smart pack smart facility that really drives productivity inside the buildings, but it also improves the customer experience by reducing misloads. I think misloads today are running about one in 400, post the smart pack smart facility we will be up in one in 800. And there's a path to something higher or beyond that. And then there's accelerating pilots for Phase 2 which is sort baggage car.  Another area we're investing in, probably the second largest is healthcare. That's a great growth business for us. We're going to be adding about 2.4 million square feet in warehouse space next year. Some of that outside the U.S., half of that in the EU and half in the Americas. And then DAP has been a great performer for us. We're going to continue to invest in the DAP program, both domestically and internationally, enhancing the plug and play and adding brokerage in UPS access points in terms of capability. And then there's further investments into the customer experience and next gen brokerage.  So Tom, I think we have a lot of confidence in terms of the ability to drive total service plan, the investments we're making in smart pack smart facility, healthcare, DAP, and that's what's contributing to the low single digit CPP in 2023. 
Brian Newman: And to Tom just from a seasonality perspective, we have planned productivity gains year-over-year in every quarter in '23. And so now the team will be reducing hours more than volume in the U.S. through the programs Carol and I just alluded to TSP and the automated capacity. So it's a balanced program.
Brian Newman: That's right. So we'll be adding about 100 basis points, Carol, from a volume mix perspective on the SMB front. So that customer experience translating into continued growth on the SMB front. And from a macro perspective, obviously built into the guide is an improvement in the back half of the year. So we need to see a bit of a pickup in Asia, and the U.S. rebounding somewhat through a backdrop perspective. 
Brian Newman: Now, some of the investments, international DAP for example, we're investing in the first part of the year, that'll start to pay back latter part of the year. And then the deployment of smart packs, smart facilities, that's probably more of a payback in '24 than '23 as we phase, complete Phase 1, and start to move on to Phase 2.
Brian Newman: Sure. On the Amazon front, Ken, we finished up a year ago at 11.7% in terms of the percentage of Amazon as a percentage of our business. That came down to 11.3% in last year. So it was really a decline of about 40 basis points.  We'll continue on a mutually agreed path to glide that business down in 2023, and that's factored into our guide. So we feel good about being able to manage that down. On the international front, Ken, it was the second part of your question. So we've got an assumption that Asia comes back in the second half of the year. So that's -- they're going through some challenges right now in the early part of the year. There was a two-week lunar holiday. We had some COVID challenges, particularly out of China. So Kate and the team, they've done a masterful job in the fourth quarter and also in the beginning of this year in terms of pivoting our air network. I think Kate took down about 200 flights in Asia, which was really remarkable that they were able to do that in such a short period of time.  So the air network, seeing a little bit of a rebound in China and then getting after the opportunities that we're investing in. International, DAP was one I just mentioned and then going after the premium side of the market. So lots of encouraging optimism for the back half of the year.
Brian Newman: Yeah, Scott. Good to hear from you. So I'll start with the latter question first. We expect about 56% of our profit to come in the second half of the year relative to 1H. And then I would also just give you a little bit of color. There will be a similar bathtub effect in the first half between 1Q and 2Q stepping up in 2Q.  From a domestic guide perspective, the other half of your question, Nando and the team are focused on 12%. That was actually the same number that we had guided to back in our Investor Day, and I'd say the world has changed a little bit since then, but we're getting after the 12% margin in 2023. The low end is based on 11%. And so there are a number of things that are factored in there. The biggest change would be a change in the top-line relative to volume. If the macro doesn't come back as quickly as we think it might. There's labor negotiations going on. So we thought it was prudent to put a floor in.
Brian Newman: Yeah, it's a great question. So the GRI, as you know, was 6.9%. And with the service rates, we'll keep a decent amount of that. The guide for RPP that we're building in our base case is mid-single digit for RPP, and that is facing two headwinds off of that number. You've got product mix and fuel, which are each combined, about 150 to 200 basis points off of that mid-single digit. So that's how we're thinking about it. And the product mix is really less air, more sure post, so a shift in the product mix. And then the fuel component, fuel is not going to have a big net impact to the business in 2023. But obviously, there's a cost component versus a revenue component.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol. Yeah, I would just follow up and say we're putting some OpEx investments, $400 million, into the business this year. We invested in a similar capacity in fastest ground ever and SMBs, et cetera, a couple of years ago. And as I think about the SMB journey by investing in those customer experience points Carol was talking about, those investments are paying off. That's what gives us confidence. We are seeing 40% higher SMBs today than in 2019 when we started that journey in that investment. And we're actually -- we've increased penetration, Carol, for the last 10 consecutive quarters. So it's a bit of a proof point on the SMB front in terms of the investment and the payoff.
Brian Newman: On the seasonality, yes, so you should consider a similar step-up in mix from a Q1 to Q2 perspective. From a Q1 perspective, Chris, we've got some Q4 trends coming out from a consumer and a macro perspective that are challenged. We're seeing that product mix headwinds, and we're making some of these investments in the early part of the year. So you should apply that same bathtub effect for Q1, Q2.
Brian Newman: Happy to, Brian. So on the pension front, look, we've been on a path to derisk the pension. And we actually feel good about the glide path there. We're up in the high-90s, about 98% funded level, which is great for our employees. From a liability perspective, we've taken that down from about $16 billion a couple of years ago to $4 billion, $4.8 billion now. So overall, the glide path has been good. The challenge we have is that we've seen historic rise in interest rates. And so that $900 million plus number that I gave you below the line, that is a non-cash number, but it moves up and down with the market. So we try to give you the transparency.  We do tend to look through that as it's a non-cash number when we think about our capital allocation vis-a-vis the dividend, et cetera. So net-net, I think we're doing the right thing for the company. Given the volatility in the interest rates, it is a challenging environment and will move up and down on a relative basis.
Carol Tome: Upon, I'm happy to address the labor question. Without getting into the details of what will take place at the bargaining table, I think it's important to remember that Teamsters have been part of the UPS family for more than 100 years. So over 10 decades, we've negotiated many, many contracts. This is not our first rodeo. Our approach with the Teamsters is a win win win. Win for the Teamsters, win for employees, and win for UPS and our customers.  Now, I mean to your observations, there have been a lot of articles and headlines recently, that with my cost so much a question whether or not a win win win is achievable. But I would submit that a win win win is very achievable, because we are not far apart on the issues.  And let me make this real for you by giving you a few examples. First, both Teamsters and UPS agree that a healthy and growing UPS is good, good for Teamsters, good for our people and good for our customers. In fact, we've added more than 70,000 Teamster jobs since 2018. So we're aligned that are growing and healthy UPS is good. To be growing and healthy, we need to be competitive and make sure that our offerings meet the needs of our customers. Then a lot has changed since the last time we negotiated our contract. Now recipients want their packages delivered when where and how they want them delivered, which means we can delivery well, it's become table stakes.  Teamsters fully acknowledge that, but have worried about the pressures placed on our workforce with weakened operations. And they refer to that to the sixth punch, which is when people work six days a week, or 22.4 drivers. We share the same concerns. I don't want people working six days a week unless they want to. So we're aligned on this. We just need to get to the bargaining table and work it out. And candidly, we think with just a few tweaks to our existing contract, we can work this out. So we're not far apart, we're aligned, we just need to work it out.  Another matter that's come up is heat. There can be no disputes, sadly, that the earth is heating up, and that puts an uncomfortable situation on our employees in the height of the summer. Safety is our number one priority for our people, so we're not a part on this issue. In fact, we're not waiting for the bargaining table. We've already kicked off a total revamp of our safety program, bringing in new technology, hydration, cooling systems, and a whole lot more to address heat. So we're not a part, we're going to do the right thing for our people.  So those are just a few examples of where I see a win win win is achievable. In fact, I'm committed to delivering with the rest of the team and win win win contract before the end of July.
Carol Tome: And maybe just to dimensionalize that a little bit more, in the fourth quarter alone in the United States productivity reduced our expense by $271 million. I mean, that's a lot. That's a lot. I'm really proud of the team. And just on smart package smart facility because I was just so enthralled with this project. We have of the 100 buildings that we're in, we have 50 buildings, where the misloads are now one in 1,000, that's six sigma perfection. So we're really excited about rolling out to the 940 remaining buildings in the United States. And here's the cool thing. We're going to roll out the first part of those buildings with wearable devices. But then we got plans to move away from the devices and actually make the car smart.  And last week, I was able to load a package, this is in the laboratory. I was able to load a package onto a smart car and saw that car actually check in the package. No human being did that. So this is way cool technology and we're excited about the productivity that that's going to be as a result. 
Carol Tome: Well, I think there are a number of catalyzing agents. We need to get through this choppy economic environment for sure. But if you think about where we've had some huge homeruns, let's talk about our Digital Access Program. We have seen enormous growth in this. When I started, it was less than $150 million, now over $2.3 billion in 2022 on its way to be $3 billion in 2023. And we're growing outside of the United States, had been just a U.S. program, now we're going outside the United States. And this is one area of investments for next year. So that's a catalyst for growth, because we're investing in a customer that's underserved today.  Another catalyst for growth is what we're doing on the customer journey. As we continue to move the needle on improving the experience with us, we see every year increasing penetration in our SMBs. Brian, that's part of the plan for next year. 
Carol Tome: Another catalyst for growth, of course, is healthcare logistics. Couldn't be more proud of the progress that we've made in this space. And we're just getting started. There's a huge opportunity for growth here around the world. And Kate and her team are doing a masterful job of leading us there.
Carol Tome: And to dimensionalize the investment that we're making in smart package smart facility, it's about $140 million of expense this year, which will not repeat the following year, and about $106 million of capital.
Carol Tome: And agility really is the name of the game, isn't it. Here it is. It's the end of January. I would say our crystal ball is pretty murky, but I can tell you what we're seeing in the business today. The U.S. is actually doing a bit better than the base case. And International is doing a bit worse because we're in a now a two-week Lunar New Year holidays, who would have thought. But with herd immunity coming, we believe in China, things should get better outside the United States.
Carol Tome: Well, I think Kate is here. And Kate, it would be great if you could just take that question, please.
Carol Tome: Well, we've been investing in the experience because we think that's the way to not only grow, but to keep that very important customer. And I couldn't be more proud of what we -- the team has delivered in this regard.  So if you think about customer journeys, if you will, there are three really big pain points. One was negotiate value. And that's why we're so thrilled with deal manager because deal manager is a huge home run. Iur win rate is 22% higher than we thought it would be with better revenue quality and the customers are happy because they're getting a deal with us within seven days. It used to take weeks. So negotiated value is an important part of continuing to serve this customer.  Another is reroute a package. We had some issues systemically that needed to be addressed, and we fixed that. So now we can reroute a package. And then finally, resolving a claim. Here, we had a broken link. So when you had a claim, it was not a good experience for our customers. And we've seen our net promoter score in this area alone improve dramatically. And the speed to pay, if a claim needs to pay, has improved by 10 days. So we continue to lean into the experience.  And Brian, I know you want to add something here.
Carol Tome: Maybe on the SMB question, let's look at our Digital Access Program. It's been a huge home run for us. Year-over-year, we saw $1 billion of growth in this program. Here's the important part. It's 3.5 million customers. It's -- these are very small customers who are shipping with us through the platform, and we see continued growth opportunities ahead for us. In fact, we think our DAP program will be over $3 billion in 2023.
Carol Tome: The way I think about productivity, it's a virtuous cycle here at UPS, and I couldn't be more proud of what our team has done quarter after quarter after quarter to drive productivity. And Nando, maybe you could share a few of the action items in 2023 to continue that flywheel.
