Carol Tomé: Well, David, thank you for your question. First, as it relates to productivity, we introduced our total service plan last year. That’s not one and done. That’s the way we’re going to operate our business forever. Productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS. And Nando and the team continue to find opportunities to drive productivity in down markets as well as up markets.
Carol Tomé: Just a little bit more color on that perhaps if you think about how we grew up as a company, if we build up a facility, we spun off a building and then we would build up another facility and spin off a building. As Nando and his team have looked at it, we found that, huh, we might be able to consolidate some of those spinoffs into highly automated buildings, drive productivity and not lose any drive time, not impact our customer service in any negative way. So we’re looking at that, it’s pretty exciting.
Carol Tomé: Yes. May be just a comment on the pricing environment, the keep rate on the GRI is the high as it’s been. In the United States, it’s north of 60%. It’s even higher outside of the United States.
Carol Tomé: And maybe just a comment on that other expense line item because it does look out of sorts, we are moving to Software-as-a-Service. It’s a line item move, right, Brian, you’re the finance person here, but rather than depreciation’s it’s going to move into expect.
Carol Tomé: So there’s a little bit of a difference if you have Software-as-a-Service for your technology deployment versus what you build.
Carol Tomé: Well, here’s what we’re seeing in the business, week after week it’s better. It’s still down year-on-year, but it’s better slowly coming out of this negative year-over-year decline of almost 20% in the first quarter. And Kate and her team are doing a masterful job of managing through that. In fact, if you look at productivity outside the United States, our Asia export business down 8.9%, our block hours were down 14% and she’s taking more block hours out in the second quarter even with improvements just to optimize VR [ph] network.
Carol Tomé: And on the volume question, again, it goes back to our sales strategy. We have pretty good visibility into the pipeline. We’re just going to pull that pipeline through. In today’s environment with the contract negotiation about a 100 days out to completion, it’s kind of hard to get it pulled through, but we’re going to pull it through when we get that handshake deal.
Carol Tomé: We are definitely seeing business wins. And I’m – I have to give a hat off to our sales team for selling through this environment. We are delivering packages for customers that we’ve never delivered before. Why? Because our service is the best in the industry. But what we see with some of our long-term existing large customers is that their business is changing. And I can give you a few anecdotes if that’s helpful. One of our large customers reports publicly every month their same-store sales. This is a customer who for 80 quarters in a row had positive same-store sales and in the month of March saw negative same-store sales. One of our other customers who has both in-store sales as well as online sales has seen a shift in their customer shopping behavior from online to stores. So they’re shutting down shifts inside of their warehouses, which make sense for them. So they receive generally macro and a change in consumer behavior impacting our volume, but we’re winning and we just got to go win faster and we will win faster when the uncertainty is behind us. I’m quite convinced of the Teamster negotiation. Customers say, we’d like to ship with you, we’re just going to sit on the sidelines till you’re done. So we just need to get done. And we will.
Carol Tomé: So to your first question, we don’t see volume disruption because of pricing. We do see product change however. If you looked at our air product in the quarter, it was down year-on-year, more than ground. We see customers moving out of air to ground. Why? Well, we’ve really worked to improve our time in transit. So we’ve got the fastest time in transit now, so you can get your package where it needs to go quicker than before. And people are looking for value. So I can watch customer by customer moving out of air to SurePost, by the way. SurePost is up in the quarter, almost 2%.
Carol Tomé: And convenience matters from returns. If you want to get that package back so you get credit back into your wallet, you want a convenient place to return. And with our locations near 85% of the U.S. population within 10 miles of 85% of the U.S. population were extraordinarily convenient.
Carol Tomé: So we look out – we don’t look in the current moment. We look out for where we both want to go as growing and thriving UPS is in the best interest of Teamsters, UPS, and our people. So the current economic environment, it is what it is, but our negotiations are all about the future.
Carol Tomé: We do look at the profitability of stores. Because I’m curious, I’m an old retailer. So are the stores profitable? The stores are very profitable, which means franchisees are happy. We add about 100 new stores every year, because this is a great small business to own. And in terms of the royalty fee that comes into our company, there’s some expenses against that. But if you look at the margin against that royalty fee, I would say, it’s the highest margin business that we’ve got.
Brian Newman: And on the second part of the question, Dave in terms of the scope of building consolidation, et cetera, Nando and the team are doing a nice job working a project called network of the future, still early days. We do have some facility sales planned in the second quarter of the back half of the year, but that doesn’t really ramp up in terms of the opportunity to consolidate until 2024, 2025 in that timeframe.
Brian Newman: But it is a change in culture. I don’t think Carol, we’ve actually closed buildings outside of the non-op side. So it’s a pivot to be more optimized and focused.
Brian Newman: Yes. The biggest change in terms of the base case versus downside is the volume. We were looking at volumes of down 1% in the base case, and now we’ve pivoted to the downside of down 3%. The first quarter was an evolution about where we expected in January, February a little bit lighter, but March was the trail off. And so as we’ve seen the macros to deteriorate, we look at things like IP manufacturing and ESMO [ph], those have continued to devolve. And so we’ve basically adjusted the volume outlook for the first half of the year. And so two reasons, we’re confident that the full year in the case of the domestic business will be at 11%. We have confidence that the volume will come back post the summer related to customer conversations and some of the macro which we think will trough in the middle part of the year. And also cost we can go into more detail, but our ability to control cost and take more of the semi-variable out will help us deliver that 11% in the U.S.
Brian Newman: Yes. So look – but we’re going to need to take cost out balance a year. It’ll be a big reduction in CPP. We were mid-single digit Allison in the U.S. And candidly, if you had told me wages were going to be up 6% and volume was going to be down 5%, I would’ve expected something like a double-digit CPP about three or four years ago. Nando and the team have done extraordinary job of driving that 6% that we saw in the quarter, but we are expecting low-single digits for the balance of the year. As you think about CPP, it’s going to come from four areas. One, Carol talked about total service plan, and that’s that reducing hours more than volume and managing the headcount. The second is our network. We deal with both ground and error, as you know, and in the ground side, how do we consolidate volume and automated facilities, closed sorts and really focus on the efficiency there. On the air side, it’s changing the package flows to better utilize the one day network. And in fact, domestic block hours they were down about 4% in the first quarter, we would expect to exit the second quarter at 2x [indiscernible] The third piece that we’re focused on is overhead and following the technology group delivering technology efficiency to allow us to do our jobs on the non-op side more efficiently and will continue to reduce headcount as volume warrants. And lastly, fuel. We expect fuel prices to be down double-digit year-over-year in the balance of the year 2Q and 2H. So that will reduce both RPP and CPP. But those four things combined drive a high amount of confidence in a low-single digit CPP balance a year.
Brian Newman: Originally to an RPP growth of about 3% this year. Carol mentioned volumes are coming in a bit softer, but we’re holding on to that RPP and the RPP composition, we actually saw close to 5% RPP growth in the first quarter. That was driven by a tailwind in fuel about 200 bps that flips around Tom in the back end of the year where we expect double-digit decline in fuel price. So the way I think about the GRI and the customer mix piece, that should be mid-single digit about 5 points. And then we’ll have about a 200 bps decline from fuel. That gets us right into that, that that 3% range. We did see some headwinds in the product mix, the air to ground in the first quarter, that’ll moderate as we go into Q2 in the back end of the year. So that’s the composition.
Brian Newman: Yes. [Indiscernible] was we were able to take cost out of that. And as you look at the back end of the year from another perspective, we’re certainly getting after a lot of the non-operating costs. We’re taking consulting spend out of the business. We’re taking headcount out of the business. So we’re really driving from a non-ops perspective down to something closer to a 4% of revenue from a cost perspective.
Brian Newman: Yes, Ken, happy to start. You taking the last piece first, on international, we had guided a couple years ago when we went out with three-year guidance to a 21.5% in international, obviously the world’s changed a lot since then. But the mix of Kate’s business that she’s running and the agility on the network in terms of managing the airflow has I don’t know about a floor, but I think we’re comfortable with the 20%. You’ll see that 20% margin can fairly consistently Q2 through Q4. So we feel comfortable about that in terms of how the business evolves.
Brian Newman: Yes. I would say the – in terms of shaping the year, Scott, maybe that helps. We don’t manage in quarters, but to help you shape, I referenced in the prepared remarks, 56% of our full year operating profit coming in the second half for the company. If you look at the U.S. domestic business, I’d expect ADV year-over-year growth rates to bottom in Q2 and then improve from there to your point. And that relates to the actions we’re – as we think about margin, the actions we’re taking on semi variable costs and margins will improve sequentially in Q2 and then throughout. Fuel PPG will reduce both RPP and CPP. So it’s not a material profit impact but I would expect operating margins to be better in the second quarter than in the first. On the international side, I think ADV will gradually improve through the year. And as I mentioned, we’ll have to see consistency of the op margin for the next three quarters of around 20% in the balance of the year. And then finally it’s supply chain. Revenue should be marginally better in Q2 than Q1, and you can hold that 10% as a full year op margin.
Brian Newman: And on the returns business, it’s a great business. The margins are attractive. We saw positive growth in the first quarter as I called out. And a big piece of that is the – over 5,000 stores, we have UPS stores across the country. Carol mentioned 7% of the volume originates in those stores. And it’s a great easy way for consumers to with the returns that are going on as the e-comm economy pursues. So we feel good about that and something we’re building capability in every day.
Brian Newman: So we’re longer term, Chris, as we’ve talked to you. We’re always going to drive for RPP to outpace CPP. We’re a bit of an extraordinary environment right now with the macros and everywhere they are. So we don’t have margin expansion this year based on the guide. So you won’t see that likely return until 2024. But we feel good about the taking cost and CPP down to low single digit as RPP does come back. So feel okay about that. And then your math is fairly accurate in the second quarter, you’re doing the squeeze the right way.
Brian Newman: You’re talking about the UPS stores? So it’s a great foundation for volume origin. We have a royalty relationship that generates a royalty stream that comes in from the stores as far as what income comes into UPS. And as that volume grows, our royalty grows.
Brian Newman: Yes, happy to. And the whole reason we went out at the beginning of the year with two scenarios is we didn’t know what was going to happen with the macros and the macros to continue to deteriorate in the first half of the year. So we had a playbook which was the downside scenario. We pulled that off the shelf and our executing the TSP, the network changes for ground and air, the overhead the fuel. And so from a line of sight perspective, what we control I feel good about the 12.8 that we’ve got in for the downside scenario. Obviously, the top line is what it is, but Carol said we’ve got the largest pipeline of sales that we’ve had in about five years, which is a very big number, $6 billion. And so our ability to pull that in posted negotiation with the labor that gives us confidence on the top line.
Brian Newman: Yes. So well, I’m not sure anything’s fixed anymore, Carol. So we do about a third variable on the 70% in the semi and the fixed bucket and we’re really redefining that. As we talked earlier, we don’t have a history of closing or selling buildings per se, but everything’s on the table because in the new world there has been a growth over a 100 years of a bunch of buildings located around. And so Nando’s ability to go and shut down some sorts and drive, we’re going to match the volume. The one thing Carol I would add is, when volume returns and make no mistake, volume will return to this business, we will be positioned very well to throw off cash, because we’ll have positioned the cost structure in a good way.
