D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone. I hope all of you had a safe and Happy New Year. I can tell you that during December, we were very busy at UPS, ensuring holiday shipments arrived where they needed to be all around the world. In fact, we experienced our busiest peak ever, delivering almost 500 million packages between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And UPS wrapped up the year with record EPS, free cash flow exceeding $5 billion and a new high in return on invested capital. In the U.S. we saw a robust growth in e-commerce, while traditional retailers experienced mixed holiday sales. Continued migration to B2C contributed significant growth in UPS' residential shipments. This rapidly expanding market segment enables more and more opportunities for consumers to experience the unique solutions provided by UPS. Solutions like UPS My Choice, the industry's first offering that puts receivers in control of their shipments. UPS delivered almost 3 million packages to My Choice users during the quarter. Enrollment exceeded expectations approaching 0.75 million subscribers, not bad for a service offering in its first 3 months of existence. All in all, the U.S. market performed very well, growing at a faster pace than we projected. Turning our focus to other parts of the world, in Europe, recession concerns, the debt crisis and the instability of the euro dominated headlines. But for UPS, solid growth continued. While in Asia, economic output and our volume lagged expectations. Looking to 2012, global economic expansion is expected to be slightly below the rate seen in 2011. The U.S. is one of the few economies where expectations are greater than last year. Some countries in Europe are expecting growth while others are facing contraction. And in Asia, although there's discussion about slowing, growth there is still projected to outpace the rest of the world. Businesses in Asia understand the power of global trade. And clearly, their economies benefit greatly. The U.S. needs to pick up the pace of exports and increase the participation of small and large companies alike. Recently, 3 key trade agreements were approved. These pave an excellent avenue for growth. Small and medium-sized businesses are currently underrepresented in global trade. UPS is actively engaged in enhancing the export process for them through our broad set of solutions, expertise of our people and the reach of our network, bringing it all together through the power of UPS technology. Companies throughout the world face many challenges today. In parts of China, supply chains are stressed by rapid wage inflation, while in other parts of the world volatile energy prices, natural disasters and social unrest provide additional strains. Companies also face more industry-specific challenges as they look to serve the global market. Take healthcare for example, where companies encounter increased regulations, greater competition from generics and a heightened focus on cost control. As a result, more businesses are trying to diversify the components of their supply chains. And they are looking for reliable outsourcing partners so that they can focus on their core competencies. As these shifts occur, the complexity of the logistics model increases. UPS is uniquely positioned to assist customers worldwide with their distribution and transportation needs as they evolve. This evolution will require further investments on our part to develop new innovative solutions, increase channel access to our global network and expand our unmatched logistics capabilities. We, at UPS were encouraged by comments made during the state of the union address that supported all of the above when it comes to alternative fuels. We have talked quite a bit in the past about our rolling laboratory approach; not just one alternative fuel solves our needs. Expanding the availability and the use of natural gas is one answer in improving the environment and reducing dependence on oil.  We were honored to be recognized recently by President Obama for our work in this area. But finding solutions that improve processes is what UPS-ers do every day. And for that reason, I want to thank UPS-ers around the world for their hard work and dedication in providing excellent service. Each of them impacts how UPS is perceived by our customers and communities. All in all, a job well done.  As I told you a year ago, 2011 was going to be a great year for UPS, and it was just that. We experienced solid top line growth in a challenging economic environment, continued gains in productivity, 20% improvement in operating profit, record EPS and on top of that, we had strong free cash flow, enabling UPS to continue our trend of significant distributions to our shareowners. Now let me turn the call over to Kurt.
D. Scott Davis: Let me start, Tom, with kind of the macro approach. I think that we certainly are seeing a better U.S. economy than we would have thought back in, probably August, September, back at Investor Conference time. I think that, back to that time frame, people were talking about a chance for a second recession. You don't hear that anymore. Clearly, we saw a strengthening economy and a strong holiday season. And frankly, it stayed fairly strong into January. So I think the U.S., while I wouldn't call it a robust economy right now, I do think the small package market is performing better than we would've thought 4 and 5 months ago.
D. Scott Davis: And Justin, I think you'll also see these trends internationally; it's not going to be unique to the United States. I think the whole global B2C phenomenon is still in the early innings and we'll see that grow going forward. But the key is that UPS is adapting the operations to be profitable in this business.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. SurePost is for lightweight, relatively low-value products where we do postal injection. We also, though, have a basic product that's a mix of both UPS delivered and injection.
D. Scott Davis: And in general, Ken, our CapEx is still historically quite low. It's going to be still around 4% of revenue. If you recall, we used to spend between 5% and 8% of revenue. So we've had, really, a 3 low years. I mean 2009 was extremely really low, 2010 was low and 2011, what, 3.8%, I think 2011, and about 4% for 2012. So still, it’s still quite low.
D. Scott Davis: I think, in general, it's been all about inventory levels. And I think that we did not, even though inventory seemed to add to GDP in the fourth quarter, we feel that most of the inventories are still pretty slight in the United States. I think we saw the holiday season, a lot of people are running out of product. We have seen a pretty strong January. I think those people had to replenish inventory levels. So I think that, that because of low imports from Asia you're going to, hopefully, see some improvements in the near term as people replenish the inventory levels.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, we really are -- have built our plan on a pretty flat economy, probably slightly negative European economy in 2012. But again, that small package market should grow even in that environment.
D. Scott Davis: And the currency drag, Gary, is euro is primarily in the first quarter, our hedging program will protect us pretty well from Q2, 3 and 4.
D. Scott Davis: So remember, Art, we guide annually to help you a little bit on the quarterly, but we guide annually.
D. Scott Davis: But clearly, the excess capacity has driven down rates and that’s going to have an impact on the revenue.
D. Scott Davis: On deferred air, it's really trade up, if anything, from ground. The big issue there is the weights are significantly lower. That was the product hit most significantly by reductions in weight. So a lot of e-commerce volume with lightweight volume being shipped. So we're very conscious of it, the base rates underlying, as we said, remains strong 2% to 3%. But a 4% reduction in weight for deferred air, clearly, caused a big impact.
D. Scott Davis: As Kurt said, the market is rational from a pricing standpoint. What can help us obviously is, Kurt referred earlier to the manufacturing increase in the U.S. If we see that throughout 2012, that certainly can help the weight and help the yield.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. Even from a tax formula standpoint, we're actually over 100%, and that really was what drive your contributions going forward. So we feel good. Now we would have said a year ago that interest rates wouldn't have dropped. So I wouldn’t expect them to drop going forward long- term rates, which could have an impact. They go up, that improves our funding position.
D. Scott Davis: And in fact, in the fourth quarter, our productivity improvements offset the entire wage rate increase. Now you'll see that because of the large scale in the fourth quarter, you won't see that necessarily in Q1, 2 and 3. But it does come through in a large-scale period like the fourth quarter.
D. Scott Davis: But it's still tied somewhat to consumer sentiment. And if consumer sentiment is negative, you're going to get impact in of the fourth quarter or the first quarter. So it's got to be a good sign of what the consumers are thinking, consumer confidence in the fourth quarter.
D. Scott Davis: Well, I think, David, that yes, with certainly Asia exports to Europe and the U.S. have not been that strong for -- really, for us it started in August, we saw the fall off. But intra-Asia has stayed strong. Certainly, as time goes on and consumer optimism keeps improving in the U.S. that will help demand, help imports from Asia into the U.S. We're guarded right now. We think there's some room for improvement, but we're just pretty guarded as far as what we see in 2012. It'll get a little bit better but we're not seeing a robust consumption out of the U.S.
D. Scott Davis: The volume out of Asia, really as I said earlier, slowed down in August of 2011. So when we get to August 2012, the comps will get much easier.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. We saw it peak in 2008, when oil got to $145 a barrel. So if oil and energy prices were to peak again, we'd certainly expect to see more of that.
D. Scott Davis: Again, we are confident that our product [indiscernible] will offset probably half of the wage rate increase, which is consistent with what we've been doing.
D. Scott Davis: And always, in the fourth quarter, Gary, we true up to returns we've filed from the prior year also, which results in some adjustments. And unfortunately, this fourth quarter, they went the wrong way.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. We finished 2011 on a strong note with an exceptional peak season. UPS produced strong Domestic Package margins in the fourth quarter. In the period we've talked about where e-commerce and B2C dominated our growth, we've been able to adapt and we'll continue to adapt our business to meet the demands of the marketplace. As Kurt said, despite a mixed economic outlook for 2012, we expect earnings growth to be in line with our long-term targets. We look forward to another record year. Thanks so much for your time today.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we would've seen, certainly, an increase in pension expense for 2012 under both methodologies. And as I mentioned, we do expect more than $100 million, actually about $115 million, in additional pension expense for 2012. But I guess one thing to keep in mind, that the increase is, perhaps not necessarily as drastic as many of you projected, really due to 2 facts. Number one, the plan did exceed its expected rate of return. We actually generated a 9.4% return. And the discount rate did decline by about 35 basis points and certainly there were some estimates that estimated higher. And as far as the 2 methods, going forward, in some years, the old method results in more expense and in some, it results in less. You could see that in 2010 and 2011. So you saw this in our restated results were we've shown those results. So the best reference point, really, is from the base that we've restated 2011. We do expect to see about $115 million increase in pension expense, and you could adjust accordingly based on that.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. That's right. So at a macro level, clearly, we feel a little better about where the U.S. is at. Looking more specifically, I guess, to your question, Tom, we clearly were pleasantly surprised by the demand surrounding the holiday season. Really, this is the first peak where we've really had our full suite of lightweight product offerings in place. And about half of the additional growth we do, we did see in our basic and SurePost products. If you recall, SurePost really was just launched in 2011. So we did see a big uptick and clearly, this fits into the trend of lighter-weight products, computers moved to tablets or portables and a lot of small products. And then the e-commerce growth continues unabated. We estimate, in general, e-commerce was probably up about 15% for the holiday season. So basically, we were in place with a new suite of products that was able to both attract volume and at the same time, handle it very profitably. So we were pleasantly surprised, frankly. I think, that combined with the increased focus we've had on B2C with My Choice and really differentiating our residential products, created a nice uptick. We also saw, the other number that might have surprised you a little bit, was the substantial growth in deferred air. And a lot of this is also surrounding the e-commerce trends, I guess, that there were a number of Internet retailers that decided to differentiate their products by offering a tighter Time-In-Transit. So we're seeing some pieces moving around. But all in all, we were thrilled that our business model and our product offerings were able to generate a great quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I wouldn't comment on that. I think, in general, it was a good holiday season. The market moved pretty well. So we'll see how everything else settles out.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. As I guess a ballpark number, I think there's a couple of parts to it. Number one, B2C is growing robustly, especially through the e-commerce venue. Clearly, the e-commerce branches of companies seemed to do a lot better than the brick and mortar. In fact, in December, B2C volume was over 50% of our volume. December, it always spikes. So we are continuing to see that grow. The other nuance, and this is more company specific, is the substantial success of our SurePost product, which for the first time has offered a broader suite of services for lightweight products, lower values. So that was another big part of the success. So the combination of the trends in general, UPS positioning and us being able to differentiate. And as we mentioned, sign up 0.75 million customers for the new My Choice service, we think really puts us in a great position to capture some of the benefit of these trends.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we did certainly make some adjustments in the network after the fairly significant slowing we saw during the third quarter. And as we said, the Asia ended up being a little slower than we'd anticipated, most notably on the U.S., Asia to U.S. lane. Yes, we have tweaked our network. Actually, if you look at Asia, specifically, we reduced capacity about 10% over the last couple of quarters maintaining service levels in all markets, but some of the duplicate flights and additional lift we took out. And that allowed us to sustain still a pretty good margin, although we will continue to adjust. Trends so far for this year are a little hard to tell because the Chinese New Year is coming a little earlier. But we'll stay responsive in monitoring where things are at in Asia. On the flip side though, Ken, we did see yet another quarter of solid intra-Europe growth. So in spite of the headline risks in Europe, we are continuing to see good growth there and some of our investments for next year surround the expansion of our Cologne air hub in Germany, that helps to support all that.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Margins expanded slightly year-over-year. But yes, there's clearly been a reduction in demand, not surprisingly, and rates. And there is certainly some challenges with margin squeeze. Ocean, we did pretty well on, although I think, clearly, the market remains very slow. But we've done a lot of work on our expanded ocean portfolio less than container load. But it remains a minority part of the business, air freight is the primary focus.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think we are fairly bullish though on production within the U.S. seeing somewhat a renaissance. If you look at the cost of energy with natural gas so low, you look at the fact that wages on a global competitive perspective have improved in the U.S. And the fact that people are realizing that it's nice to have local sourcing in addition to global sourcing. We feel generally bullish that the U.S. economy is seeing a bit of an uplift and will next year.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. As I said, Europe continues to be a good story. And I think it's really 2 components. One, is the UPS-specific success in offering European shippers an integrated solution. And the other is I think the, and we heard some of this from Davos, that the core business activity is probably a little better than the headlines would suggest. So I think, we did see upper single-digit growth in shipments within Europe, that is a little slower than some of the previous quarters, but reports of Europe's demise have been exaggerated a bit.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Great. I'm glad you asked that if it was confusing, because that was not the intention. We had said that the first quarter for international is likely to be flat, really, because of some of the trends we've talked about, plus we do have a pretty strong euro headwind in the first quarter. We're currently hedged and protected at about 1.30; last year, it was at about 1.36, so that was purely a quarterly guidance. Overall, for the company, we expect earnings increases in the first quarter. They'll just be probably a little less than the average that we guided for, for the year. We guided a 9% to 15% range. So that was solely a comment about the first quarter, Gary.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, overall, we're guiding to a 9% to 15% increase, $4.75 to $5.00 a share. We've said, in general, we expect Q1 to be a little more challenged. So it'll show earnings growth but at a little lower rate than the rest of the year, primarily because of the headwind in international. And also the comps in supply chain are tough, given the current margin squeeze.
Kurt P. Kuehn: No, all bases are against the restated. We're moving past the old numbers. I wanted to review and give you some sense since you'd anchored on those for Q4. But we have a base earnings of $4.35, that is the methodology. And all the guidance is based off of that base. And as I said, we do have a pension headwind heading into next year. But virtually, everything that we talk about and you see from now on will be based on this improved, more transparent approach. And we feel good about the year, but we do feel Q1 will be just a little more challenging.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Bill, they really don't. When we restated, 3 of the years went one way, and 2 of the years went the other. So if you paint me a scenario of different discount rates and market returns, yes, it may be different. But as we've looked at it, it's not a material change over the longer term for margins or any of that. Well, it may make the results slightly different year-over-year. So we went back and looked at that, and we really don't see a scenario. If discount rates rise and markets do well, this method is a drag, because we are not going to take credit for those market returns on our quarter results. Conversely, if we stay with these incredibly low discount rates with 10-year treasuries under 2%, then we -- this method may pull some of that, those investment losses or at least the discount rate impact out of core earnings. But long term, our guidance that we gave in September remain. Probably, the only notable difference in guidance is we are actually a little more optimistic on 2012. If you remember, we gave guidance of 10% to 15% to earnings in September, but said that 2012 would be more challenging because we believe there would be below-trend growth in the global economy. But we do think it's going to be below-trend growth but clearly, we're giving earnings guidance very close to that long-term momentum.
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's a little bit of all of those. A, we did reduce capacity out of Asia, so we had less excess capacity to use. Rates have also softened a little bit. Plus some of that space is used by our forwarder and would not show up in that cargo line.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Service cost is just going to be up as kind of a normal continued growth. Each of us clicks another year on the pension, I guess. The biggest impact is the lower discount rate. And as far as contributions, we expect to make about $400 million of direct contributions to the pension plans, and another $400 million or so to cover our post-employment benefits retiree, medical and some of those things.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Really not. Over the last several years, we have migrated gradually some of the new normal for fuel into base rates. So the absolute amount of the surcharge is lower than it was in historical. And our plan for the year assumes fuel somewhere plus or minus near the $100 rate anyway.
Kurt P. Kuehn: No. We think the core momentum as I was -- certainly, something we've been looking at very closely. The core base rates are continuing very stable. We did see in Q4 significant impact of customer mix with our lightweight product suite, really kicking into gear. And we do expect that momentum to continue for a while. So the overall reduced weights, 3% in Q4, and that trend may continue given the customers and the e-commerce that we're seeing. It does create a net impact that shows lower yield. But as you can see, we are able to profit on that. So all in all, we think the market pricing is stable, it remains a very high priority for us. You're just really seeing a fairly significant market change and also a significant change in mix to UPS as we've really hit our stride with this light rate e-commerce volume.
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's consistent with what we talked about in September. Our long-term goal is to, in the domestic environment, is to generate 2% to 3% base rate increases. As long as we can keep yields moving at that rate and be able to keep our unit cost below that rate, we'll see gradual and positive margin expansion. So Scott, we think that's a very disciplined and appropriate approach. It maintains a stable relationship with our customers and we're very pleased if we can continue that positive balance of yield and unit cost.
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's hard to forecast perfectly, but that's probably more normal. Clearly, we were catching up and fully funding the new plan that we had over the last year or 2. And frankly, that's one of the good news stories on our cash flow long term. Scott mentioned that CapEx should remain at or below 4%. The pensions are, even after what has been a tough year because of lower discount rates, we’re 94% funded. So yes, the pension plans will not be a major hit on cash flow for the foreseeable future.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Robert, you're absolutely right. And we've done a lot of work studying this. If you look at the seasonal factors of how different quarters and different seasons compare to themselves, we are really seeing that the fourth quarter become more and more important. And really 2 issues, I guess, number one, the demand for the fourth quarter has really created almost 2 peaks. We were extremely busy after the Black Friday and Cyber Monday period, that was a peak. Settled down and then, certainly, the last week of the holidays was another peak. The one piece of great news and this is reflected in our earnings results, is that the big challenge for us in the past of a large peak was tremendous amounts of training, a lot of disruption in our operations. As you guys saw in our investor conference, we have done a tremendous amount of work to, through operational technology to streamline our jobs, to deskill, so we don't have to train as much, and to optimize in real time. So what you really saw in the fourth quarter was a great demonstration of operational performance, driven by data-driven operations. And so the good news is we can handle these peaks and this growth in e-commerce very productively.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. I think that's a valid point. I mean, if you look at overall retail, it was a little better perhaps than expected but not hugely. With our bias with the e-commerce hitting our industry more heavily, you do get a little bit of an outsized gain.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Absolutely not. I mean, you know us, John. We're working very hard to make sure that we've optimized the network, that our cost infrastructure is appropriate. As we did mention, we had about a $40 million decline in profits, $30 million of that was purely due to the euro hedge comparison. We'll face a little bit of that in Q1 but after that, as Scott had mentioned, our hedges put us in very good shape. So if you factor out that currency issue, we came pretty close to holding profits even in an environment where trade flows are changing substantially. So we're going to stay on our toes, make sure we've got the right assets in the right place and that our productivity and efficiencies cover it. One of the big trends that we're working on is taking some of the operational technology that we showcase that's used primarily for domestic and beginning to migrate that over to our international environment. So there's still more to come.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. The concept of unique SurePost facilities is a misnomer. This is another product in the UPS suite portfolio. Virtually all of the SurePost volume comes to us from customers that give us multiple times volume in our traditional networks. So really the only difference with SurePost is the last final mile of lightweight volume going to the post office. But the pickup process, all of our sortation and our feed networks, that really remains in the UPS network. So it's traditional UPS taking advantages of the economies of scale and integrating it. So it is just one product in the suite of products that our customers choose from. And as I mentioned, for every SurePost package we have, a given customer will have 4 or 5 other packages with them.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. And the Mexico trend does seem to be an interesting one. It's hard to call it a groundswell but clearly, in our supply chain discussions with companies, there is a lot of discussion about should the next unit of capacity be closer to home. It's not necessarily that people are shutting down operations in any area, but there is a lot of interest. I think if you look over the last year or 2, whether it's floods or earthquakes, supply chains are very extended and can be fragile, as Scott mentioned. And so we do see a lot of interest in near sourcing.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Tom, we do expect those trends. Certainly as the business grows and we're able to add new employees or see turnover as people find full-time jobs that are part-timers today, we will see some benefit. And our wage rates mitigated and moderated just a touch in the fourth quarter. It wasn't a huge driver but it was a slight positive. We do expect to keep comp and benefits somewhere between 1% and 2% increases year-over-year as opposed to volume. So as long as we're able to do that and at the same time manage the yield environments above that, then we're pretty confident we can manage margin expansion.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Gary, sure. Yes, the impact of our year-ending tax adjustment did reduce earnings by about $0.03 versus what we had guided to. As we said, one of the primary areas is, as we rolled up our profits from around the world in the 200 countries we operate, certainly, the lower international profits are taxed at a lower rate. Plus, the U.S. had a very strong quarter. So the U.S. rate's just about the highest in the world, so you've got a weighted average mix that drove our rate up and did impact profits by $0.03 or $0.04 a share or so. It's just part of the normal mix of business. Clearly, we're doing a lot of work to improve the international. We do expect to see profits up, approximately 10% next year. So we still feel great about the International business, but the tax accounting can be challenging when you've got dramatic changes in mix.
Kurt P. Kuehn: There's always moving -- multiple moving parts within the rate structure, Bill. I mean dim weight was a visible one, but it wasn't material outside the scope of normal adjustments we do for rates. So we expect a fairly typical rate environment for the coming year. We did announce our rates for both air and ground last quarter, and do expect base rates to remain in the 2% to 3% level. The guidance, really, is just that with this changing mix and the influx of lighter weight e-commerce packages that's coming in at a greater-than-expected rate, the top-level rate may look a little lower than that. But if you get to the bottom of it, the core rates will remain strong.
