Carol Tomé: Well, maybe I'll just start with some observations about the contract. And then Brian, you can provide details on the shape of the curve. As we got into the negotiations, David, it became very clear to me that we were negotiating on behalf of a number of stakeholders. We were negotiating on behalf of our people. We were negotiating on behalf of our customer. We were negotiating on behalf of our country. We were negotiating on behalf of our shareowners, and we were negotiating on behalf of UPS. And as I look at the handshake agreement that we achieved, I think we have a win-win-win for all stakeholders. I'll make that real for you. First, in terms of our people, they will continue to be paid the highest wage and benefits in the industry. We'll have better work-life balance, and the working conditions will also be improved as we'll be adding air conditioning among package cars starting January. For our customers, we avoided a work stoppage, and that would have been disruptive for them and for their customers. So I think that's a win. For our country, as you know, we move 6% of the U.S. GDP every day, and there was no place for this volume to go. So we avoided a disruption to the economy with this handshake agreement. For our shareowners, I would say we also have a win, because as I look at the economic package over the 5 years, the compounded annual growth rate of this economic package is 3.3%. So I say that's a win. And for UPS, we retain the flexibility we need to take care of our customers to provide seasonal health during the holidays to add technology to drive productivity and efficiency. So I think it's a win-win-win. And maybe, Brian, you can talk about the shape.
Carol Tomé: So it's all hands on deck to win back the volume that was diverted as a result of the labor negotiations. The first thing we did is that we stood up a control tower. This is the same kind of control tower that we use during peak to ensure that we can onboard this volume coming back without disruption. So that is up and running, and I'm very pleased with what I'm seeing in that regard. We have, of course, mitigated all the risk that was still remaining because we didn't know the outcome of the contract. So those high-risk customers are now shipping with us without any risk. From a marketing perspective, we're doing a number of things. The first thing we're doing is we're amplifying our service message because we do have the best service in the industry. We are also amplifying our SurePost advantage because this is a very attractive product that you're shipping low-weight packages. We are expanding our speed campaign because we are faster than our largest competitor in many, many markets. So we are amplifying our speed campaign. We are also expanding our weekend pickup to four markets. We are expanding our Saturday delivery by 890 postal codes. And we are launching new offerings inside Deal Manager, which is the tool that we use to win new small- and medium-sized businesses. There's a lot of effort underway to bring back this business that we lost and to win new business. Now I will tell you, it's not all going to happen at once. And so we understand that. We're working with our customers to bring it in as it can, but also as smoothly as we can for them as they've diverted. Looking at our volume in July, I will say that it was still down year-on-year, but not as much as the decline that we saw in June.
Carol Tomé: Yes. We'll still have a peak even though we're winning back those volume that was diverted over time, we'll still have a peak. We are collaborating with the top 100 in customers that represent 87% of our peak surge. So we're already starting to work with them on their operating plans for peak. Peak will be 21 days this year, the same as it was last year. We expect to see search in the 60% area this year. So it's still going to pick up. It's just from a different volume level. And we're well prepared to take -- to have another peak for us. It's just another day with more volume.
Carol Tomé: And on the monthly cadence, we were down 12% in June. And down double-digit in July, but better than 12%.
Carol Tomé: On your question about margin. As we got into the negotiation with Teamsters, and this is true for any negotiation, there are some things that are very important. And one thing that was very important for Teamster leadership was to front-load some of the wage inflation. And we agreed to do that. So that does put a little pressure on the margin, as Brian pointed out. But that doesn't change the destination. It just changes the journey. We'll have a bit of pressure for the next year, through August of next year but then the inflation is very manageable. So I see a path back to 12% or higher margins in the U.S. because of all the investments that we're making to drive productivity. And a good proof point of that is what we did in the second quarter. So let me give you an example of just one of our initiatives, which is Smart Package, Smart Facility. We're now in over about 50% of the buildings in the United States. And 50% of those buildings have misload improvements from 1 in 400 to now 1 in 1,000. So as the buildings mature, they get better and more productive. As we think about the next phase of Smart Package, Smart Facility, we're moving from where the pre-loaders are scanning the package to where the car is going to scan package. So think about the productivity that we will enjoy then. So it doesn't change the destination, just the journey. We plan to have an investor conference in the spring of '24. We haven't landed on a date yet. But during that investor conference, we will lay out 3-year targets, so you can understand the journey to get to a 12%-or-higher margin in the U.S.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So Smart Package, Smart Facility is just one of the levers in our productivity toolkit. Our network planning tools are powerful tools. They are powered by machine learning and AR. And if you think about it, we've just really completed the rollout of network planning tools in 2020. So every year, we get better because the tools get better. And think about what the tools were enabled us to do in the second quarter. When we saw the volume starting to slow down and actually divert, we were able through our tools to move volume away from unautomated hubs to automated hubs. And let me make that real for you. Last year, of the volume that was started by our hubs in the United States, about 53% went through an automated hub. This year, 57% of the volume went through an automated hub. So the tools are making us more effective. And then, we are introducing new technology inside of our buildings to make us more effective like automated label application and automated bagging and robotic small sort induction. And I can go on and on just kind of gig out on the tools, but it's a complement of tools that will help offset some of the wage pressure that we will see over the next year.
Carol Tomé: And on our SurePost product, it compares very favorably to the [indiscernible] product, and we're going to continue to invest in that product. We like it a lot because of the delivery density associated with that product.
Carol Tomé: The sales pipeline is across all customer segments with a real focus in the commercial area, small and medium sized business, of course, health care and enterprise. You name it, we're going after it. Our sales team are really excited about selling the value that we have to offer, which is just the best service in the industry. We've also identified about 50 customers that are target customers for our new pricing architecture, which we call Architecture of Tomorrow. The new pricing architecture doesn't fit everybody, but it does fit some where based on their shipping needs, we could add pricing modifiers like day of week or Cube or ZIP code plus 4. So these pricing modifiers are very interesting to these targeted customers. And it won't be for everybody, but for some so we're going to lean into that in a big way. And as it relates to our largest customer, we have a very good relationship with our largest customer. And the businesses is operating as we would expect it to be. We're on a glide path, but not a glide out.
Carol Tomé: Well, the 1.2 million packages per day is about 1 million of diverted volume. In other words, volume that we had that diverted elsewhere, and about $200 million of sales that we couldn't pull through because of concerns about the outcome of the labor negotiation. As Brian commented, we think by the end of the year, we will pull back everything that diverted. And I think we're going to win that extra 200,000 packages as well. It doesn't happen overnight, of course. It's already starting to flow back in. But we think by the end of the year, we'll win it all back.
Carol Tomé: And you might ask, well, where does that volume go? And so we don't have great intelligence there, but we do have some market share intelligence through a tool that we use from Nielsen IQ. And what that would tell us it's not perfect. But what I would tell us is that 1/3 went to the Post Office, 1/3 went to FedEx and 1/3 went to the regionals. So that actually directs our activities as when we think about how to win that set volume back.
Carol Tomé: Well, we run the business as a portfolio. So we want both. We want volume and we want price, but price doesn't necessarily mean price increases. It means moving into segments that value our end-to-end network and have different products. So we run it as a portfolio. We want both. That's the easy answer to that question.
Carol Tomé: So thanks for your comments about DAP. We're very pleased with that product, and we see nothing but growth ahead. Global growth. We are just scratching the surface when we think about DAP outside of the United States. And we continue to add new partners here in the United States, now up to 27 partners. One thing we're doing to continue to grow DAP is to make it easier to onboard the platforms. So we are introducing widgets, which are basically pre-programmed applications that a DAP partner can put into its website and avoid the user interface and API onboarding that can slow things down. The first widget that we introduced is a locator widget. So our DAP partner can put the locator widget into its website, and then you push a button and up pops the closest UPS store to ship that package. So we're going to continue to make it easier to do business with as we continue to grow with this important part of our business.
Carol Tomé: I mean clearly, what happened with e-commerce is the blew up during COVID-19. It blew up. And so now everything is kind of reverting back to where it was before COVID. We see that around the globe, which makes sense. And so this is a great place to think about growth from here on out.
Carol Tomé: We do. We're going to come back in the spray at our Investor Conference and give you our sense of what we're calling network of the future. It's a very exciting opportunity for us to really automate this business. The good thing is we don't have to integrate our network because we're integrated. But we can do a better job of automating, and so we'll come back and give you all of that in the spring of next year.
Carol Tomé: Sure. So we were redirecting a little under 40% at the end of the second quarter. It was a point of the negotiations. We'd agreed to redirect 50%. No problem at all with that. No concern about cost because the delivery density with SurePost is really, really good.
Carol Tomé: And on the acquisitions that we've made, we couldn't be happier because they are giving us enabling capabilities from a Delivery Solution greeting product from us [indiscernible], which is creating cold chain logistics for us in parts of the world that we didn't have that. So I couldn't be happier. And I don't want to miss out any of the companies that we've acquired. So we're pleased with Rhodium, what it's providing for us as well. They're enabling capabilities. And as we look ahead, expect us to continue to acquire enabling capabilities, particularly in those areas that we really want to own. Health care logistics would certainly be one of those. Technology investments that give us platforms to accelerate the digital experience for our customers, absolutely expect us to lean into that space. And we'll be giving you updates as we go.
Carol Tomé: We don't think we have to lead with price. Our customers did what they thought they had to do to protect their customers, but they're very happy with us. So it's about operating plans, making sure they come back to us without disruption to their business. That doesn't happen overnight. It's going to take a while, but we can bring that business back because of what we provide to them.
Brian Newman: Yes, Carol. I'm going to host the call, Dave, and go a bit deeper on it, but it's sort of a barbell type effect. We've got a majority of the increase or not majority, over 40% in year one, and then years 2, 3, 4 quite reasonable from an inflation standpoint, and then with another step-up in year 5. But I'll go into more details on that when we host a call following the ratification.
Brian Newman: Amit, thanks for the question. So from a guide perspective, we went from $97 billion to $93 billion in revenue. That's a $4 billion change. About $1 billion of that is from the softer volume Carol talked about in the second quarter, the higher diversion and about $3 billion is coming from the second half, as we think about volume and exiting the second quarter, down 12. You'll remember, in March and April, we were down 7, but June exited at minus 12. So if we take that minus 12 exit and you get to flat by the end of the year, that glide over the balance of the year is about -- it's down mid-single digit, down about 6%. From a profit standpoint, we dropped about $1.4 billion in profit to $11 billion or 11.8 margin. And most of that is coming from the domestic side, about $1 billion. That $1 billion, Amit, is split fairly evenly between wages and then also the lower volume I just referenced. There was a $400 million piece related to some inconsistent recovery in the euro inflation and interest rates. Germany's in a recession and a bit of Asia, but the vast majority is really split, half and half between wages and volume.
Brian Newman: Yes, Brian. Thanks for the question. So look, every year, we evaluate the GRI to provide the right service at the right price for our customers. This year, we had guided to roughly a 500-basis point improvement in rate, and then we had expected about 200 basis point headwind in fuel to land at about 3%. So we're staying with that guide for this year. Brian, coming up here in the fall, we'll take a look at next year but the thing I would leave you with is we remain very disciplined on revenue management, and we'll continue to deliver value for the service we provide.
Brian Newman: And Chris, just with respect to the phasing, we're really focused on the second half and the full year guide, but I would say both top line and profitability. Q3 will be more challenged than Q4 due to the ADV growth rates and seasonality. And we've got some one-time costs in the third quarter. So I would just think of Q4 being a bit stronger than Q3.
Brian Newman: So from a margin perspective, Jordan, we'd expect International full year to be 19% to 20%, SCS should be at 10%. And as you think about the International business, the second half ADV, we're expecting to be down around 6.5%, RPP should be flattish. And really, it stems from some of the challenging macro situation. We've got weak real export growth. Germany is in recession. And then I would say, Europe and Asia ADV growth would bottom in Q3. Kate and the team are very focused on controlling what we can control, both on the air side and the headcount side to protect that. You saw she printed north of a 20% margin second quarter. SCS, I would expect full year revenue to approach $14 billion with a margin of about 10%. Forwarding rates and volume is stabilizing but down year-over-year. The team does a good job of managing the buy-sell spreads, as you saw. Obviously, expanding health care is a strategic priority for the company, and they're also executing the cost initiatives.
Brian Newman: Jeff, so 3.3% is an all-in number, so it includes wages and benefits of the two net together. Rather than go into a lot of detail on this call, I'm going to host a call shortly after ratification, and I'll take you through all the details at that point.
Brian Newman: And just on shaping the multiyear, Tom, as Carol mentioned, we'll come back in the spring and give you multiyear targets. Obviously, year one of the labor contract is the most expensive piece. That's in August-to-August. So 1H of '24 would expect to be under some pressure, the back half, less inflation. So we'll walk that for you in the early part of next year.
Brian Newman: Yes. We're looking at ESMO improving in the back end of the year. So from a macro standpoint, I think the trends are stable to improving in the U.S., obviously, under some more pressure internationally.
Brian Newman: So on the bottoming, we have thought we would have seen the bottom in Asia in Q2, which I would say, it didn't recover. It stalled. In Europe, we think the bottom will be more in Q3, but there could be an elongated period here. So we're not putting in a lot of recovery into the international business going forward. On the CPP basis, we're still calling from a U.S. basis, we would look from a full year standpoint to be about 11.24, which is about a 1.4% change from the 11.08 we had previously.
Brian Newman: Hi, Amit. The barbell shape of the contract, the $500 million is a gross number. We had assumed originally about $500 million, so it's actually 2x, what we thought.
