Kurt Kuehn: Yes, as we dug through took a little closer look at the momentum of the business units, sharpened our focus on the investments we were going to make and took a hard look at that, it looks like a very competent range that we have got. I will make one comment, though, and that is that the buyback is in line with what we been communicating. Clearly 2013 was a catch-up year because we had the held back in 2012 on repurchases but that 2.7% gets us right in the line with the $8 billion or so that we had committed to three years ago. So at least for the numbers we have provided and I think the communication that buyback is right in line.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Tom, I think David did a pretty good job of walk through how we are going to approach next peak, but clearly as a team we are going to evaluate many options to make sure we don't ever repeat the 2013 peak. Now I would say it is safe to say that we are going to evaluate every alternative out there. We haven't made all the final decisions as of this point in time that we know we need to manage the impact customers have on us during the peak. But the overall objective for us, we have to meet customer expectations and we have to meet our financial objectives. So over the next few months we will make more decisions in this area.
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly the lion share in 2014 will be operating expense that's involved in the rapid expansion and one-time costs, so we don't see this as a major structural cost addition, but clearly there are some things we are going to do teeing up the teams, having 700 people deploying ORION and other things are going to accelerate both, cost but should provide great benefits in the years to come. Maybe I could have Myron talk a little bit about ORION and why we are doubling our bets on the pace of rollout on that.
Kurt Kuehn: Bill, certainly, it's something we have looked at very closely and you know we did have a significant amount of excess cost somewhere between $125 million and $150 million. Plus, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about another $50 million of service refunds that lowered revenue. So we certainly would have been within our guidance without those conditions. When the network gets stressed and there is that much of an increase after years of fairly modest growth, clearly some weak areas showed up and that did snowball for us. So clearly, the fourth quarter was a tough one for us. If you look at the October, November, October was pretty much on target. We did see November a little below our plans but I think that that's primarily the issue of the later Thanksgiving and the fact that the holidays started later. In fact, if you recall I even mentioned in our last quarterly call about both the risks and the opportunities of a compressed peak season and for better or worse we ended up seeing opportunity with tremendous compression of demand but the risk of operations, especially with some of the incredible ice storms in the Southwest that was really the worst area for us. So we are putting this one in the history books. I think you heard David give a sense of our absolute determination to learn from this and to create flexibility and capacity. We are substantially increasing our investments in our facility modifications. Myron mentioned hub modernization. That's something we are very excited about. The technology has come long ways and we can, we think, very effectively retrofit a number of our buildings. In fact, maybe I could have David talk just a little bit about the technology and why we are feeling like this is a great time to invest in it.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and certainly its not only about B2C. We are investing and creating a wide array of capabilities for healthcare, for technology, you name it and a lot of the investments we have made create flexible network are paying dividends there. So as always, we have got a great array of different customers and the B2C clearly was a challenge in December but we feel pretty good going forward that the mix of business will be profitable.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. As that reflect back on the 2012 or 2013, frankly that the primary headwind excluding pension expense and currency was international air freight. We had some challenges, cross-border trade grew less than GDP last year, little bit better in 2013. Forwarding side, international freight forwarding was weak due to too much capacity. We try to see those things level out in '14, so I feel pretty good. As I said earlier I feel good about the balance. That we see a good domestic, we see good international package and we see good supply chain and freight performance in 2014. 11% to 16%, again, is back up in our long-term target area where it should be the margins of kind of what we told you a couple years ago in our long-term targets, but we have room for improvement. Unfortunately, we can't keep all the pension benefit this year because of healthcare cost.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, it will be a slight increase but we did take a number of 767s this year completing our multiyear purchase. So we are in great shape as far as air capacity. We always have to rely on third-party to top off the excess demand during peak. So that won't be dramatically different, but no, we are in great shape. We have got, by far, the youngest fleet in the industry. We will, at least for the immediate, the next several years, don't anticipate needs for any aircraft purchases. So that's part of why we are in such good shape cash wise and are happy to now begin to reinvest in some of this hub modernization and automation.
Kurt Kuehn: Helane, on the economic impact of that, there is a point of diminishing returns and trying to bring that many people on and have them be productive quickly clearly was one of the drags in the quarter, especially when we had to get so much more because of the volume increase, but those are great jobs. Many of us started as the company as Christmas hires myself included.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we are actually pretty well hedged for 2014. So for the major currencies of the Euro, the Pound, the Canadian Dollar, we have got spreads in place pretty well with the floor not to far off where the markets are today and some upward potential. So that is a different story than last year. One area that presents some challenges though is some of these emerging market currencies are showing quite a bit of volatility. So that is a little bit of a risk to us but it is likely to be offset by the benefit in the developed markets that we are seeing.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. We are looking for a mid single-digit revenue growth for the segment in aggregate and margins of about 8%, so we have got a lot of good stuff going on, the ocean is performing very well and we are helping customers find that balance of ocean and air forwarding, so that you should see more good stuff coming from that.
Scott Davis: Ben, I would add also that, the thing we feel good about, 2014, is we see strength in all three segments. It has really been since 2010 that we saw balanced growth at all three segments. We have had some weakness in cross border trade in 2011 and 2012. We see that improving in '14. Supply Chain & Freight is going to show good growth in domestic. It has performed quite well for the last several years, with the exception of fourth quarter '13.
Scott Davis: And clearly, Tom, the top priority is adding capacity and investing in this growth business. So we are happy to do that.
Scott Davis: Well, that is something we are evaluate as we are really early on this process. David is leading this committee to evaluate next peak. Every thing is on the table and that will be one of the things that will be on the table to look at.
Scott Davis: Yes, I think generally we feel good about the direction of B2C. You have seen the progress UPS has made over the last two or three years in improving the margins in the B2C business. We are going to use this technology to help create density in the area of B2C. So I think this is an outlier for what you saw in December of this year. Again we have been through over 100 successful peaks and this is an outlier. You will not see another one of these hopefully for the next 100 years at UPS. We have a lot of intensity there. But I feel good about the direction of B2C and what we are doing with technology to improve the profitability there.
Scott Davis: Great. You have given me a wide array of choices to pick which question I am going to answer, Justin. I think, we are seeing '14 as a year in which we are going to absolutely address the issues that popped up in the fourth quarter, so that is job one. There is no question. We are going to spend extra money operationally. We are going to accelerate investments and we are little cautious about exactly how the next peak turns out. It is another compressed holiday season although we get one extra day. On the other hand, we are not in any way anticipating or forecasting in a major problem, so is the balance right now more on reinvestment and refinement of the network? Absolutely. Hopefully, all of this will come together and we will have great results going forward, but we are happy to reinvest right now and accelerate some things that have been on the drawing board. As a result, yes, 2014 is a little muted in the domestic side anyway compared to where it might have been, but will be a passing phase.
Scott Davis: So Scott, I do think that we have been consistent with our distribution policy and again we are going to have big shareholder distribution in 2014, as you said over 100% of net income, is the plan. But we still do see opportunities to reinvest in the business. As I talked about earlier, there's lot of opportunities for us in the healthcare arena, in emerging markets as we go forward, in the B2C area. So I think there will be a mixture of acquisitions as we move forward.
Scott Davis: I have, as a matter of fact, a story to tell you. I slept in the floor of a hotel lobby the night before last. Pretty glamorous being a CEO.
Scott Davis: And they are all saying, you don't build a church for Easter. It's a little bit way it is for airplanes for December 23. You really can't buy an airplane just for one day. We will manageable this properly. We lease aircraft where necessary and we will make sure we have proper capacity.
Scott Davis: Certainly, hiring that number of people in the span of a month-and-a-half or so is a big challenge, especially when we have to react late, but Myron can talk a little bit about the joys and challenges of bringing on such a large workforce.
Scott Davis: That's not work-related any way. No. The biggest impact is and we have talked about this than in prior calls that certainly the rollout of some of the additional parts of the Affordable Care Act is adding over $100 million for us, so that's the biggest one-time issue. Of course, healthcare inflation is an issue that is certainly a concern for many of us. So that's been an area also that's been discussed and are in our discussions with our employees but the biggest impact is some one-time additional expenses with the added cost per head and some of those things that's driving up costs for a employee intensive company like UPS.
Scott Davis: In this year, we saw more, in 2014 more of it, because of things like the reinsurance fee per employee that you didn't see last year. So I think it is going to be quite as dramatic as you move forward.
Scott Davis: No, we do not expect to have to hire that many people. I mean a part of that was the catch-up and the challenges of some of the unexpected volume. Looking at the peak for next year, there is one additional day in the period. Christmas as a day later. So the volume that builds up over the weekend in the late surge will be a little smoother. So, hopefully we do hire a lot of employees because of good robust demand but as I said, there is a point of reduced benefit as some of the stresses hit the network that caused us to hire more people than was optimal. So we would expect to have less hiring this year unless there is just incredible growth beyond the current expectations.
Scott Davis: For the added cost for this year, you would see acceleration of Orion. It is some of the operating changes as we are automating buildings. It is a number of things. IT expense will also be involved as we make some investments especially collaborating with customers to get detailed package information even on trailers that haven't reached UPS yet. So it's a laundry list of things that we will be working on to enhance our capabilities and ultimately make us more productive and streamlined.
Scott Davis: Well, Jeff, we continue to talk about that, and the balance sheet we do show about $5 billion at year-end 2013, so we did deploy quite a bit of cash as we said over $6 billion to shareowner's last year. We will continue to look at that. Clearly, we are here to do what's right for investors and customers and we will continue to look at that. We are basically fulfilling our commitment of returning at least 100% of net income to shareowners and the discussion of whether to accelerate when to accelerate that, that clearly is something that we talk about frequently, so for now we will keep doing what we said we would do and living up to our commitment, so you guys can anticipate and if there will likely be time to impress, we get even more aggressive.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Before we go, I want to just take a minute to recognize one of our team members who was participating on our final earnings call. Andy Dolny has announced his retirement after almost 32 years as a dedicated UPS-er. Those of you on the call have come to know him in his investor relations role over the last several years. And as I speak, the rest of our team, in thanking Andy for his wonderful service to our company, he keeps our meetings quite interesting and he always represents the investors' perspective well. Andy, all of us around this table and obviously UPS will miss you and we thank you for your contribution. By the way, Andy will be in the office for next several weeks. I am sure he will be in touch with most of you before he leaves. With that, thanks so much for listening to the call today and we will talk to you next quarter.
David Abney: Yes, clearly as we have been saying over the last couple quarters, we are improving momentum. Each quarter has gotten stronger and stronger. As we get past the currency headwinds we are looking for great things to come out of the international segment. So I will have Jim Barber fill you a little more on Europe and what's going on there.
David Abney: Yes. This technology is something we have been utilizing. The difference now is that the capacity, so the speed of the technology and the footprint is such that it will now fit into our existing footprint. So real excited about that. Myron mentioned the first one in North Bay in California but there will be others that will be progressing right behind that one. But you know, there's other things we are doing to increase capacity too. We are automating more of the small sorts and increasing input capacity in some of our main transit hubs and we are doing facility expansions on some that we already have the books. We are just speeding up and a lot of job simplification where we can do next generation small shorthauls where it takes some of the intellectual capital out and it allows us to make changes more as this peak when we had some of those most fluctuations and changes we had to make.
David Abney: Just one thing I want to react to, Justin, and this is David Abney, but I don't want to speak from the cross functional theme and we are still early in the process, where we have made a lot of progress in identifying all of the contributing factors and we are also are much further along than I thought in putting the answers together, what we need to do to ensure the 2014 is not going to be a repeat of 2013, so I thought I heard just a little indecision that in your voice about how we would do for 2014. We believe, we don't believe. We are very confident that we have a plan put in place that's going to take care of the volume on 2014. We are not hoping that maybe it comes indifferent, but it's not only about capacity it's about increasing our forecasting methods with our customers. It's about improving visibility and it's about the communications back and forth with our customers, so the overall plan and as Kurt said earlier, there will be some operating costs into this year but it's going to pay dividends in years to come and when you increase the funnel, you increase the capacity then that takes care of a lot of challenges that could come in the future.
David Abney: With those eight additional 767s, the number of leased aircraft was not a primary factor at WorldPort. It was much more about unload doors for trailers that were coming in and that is something that we can certainly correct.
David Abney: Yes, the time line, and there will still be several more years that we will be ramping well through 2016 for the full rollout of Orion. It is a major undertaking. In general, as a ballpark number, saving a mile per day per driver generates about $50 million of reduced operating expense for the company. And as we get a little farther along then we will fill you in more on the very specific experience that we are seeing because we are getting better and better at doing it and the benefits are kicking in quicker. So this is a net investment year, though as we ramp up and next year will also be a year with significant velocity. So it's a little early for us to lock in on any specific external targets, but so far so good on that front.
Jim Barber: Okay. So, Brandon, I think the core underlying response has to be that that network in Europe for us continues to perform very, very nicely. You heard in some of the opening comments, the expansion of Cologne. We could see the benefits of that through peak season. We have also continued to enhance the ground network and quite frankly put some new solutions in the market for some of our global customers that are really driving the growth today. That's a lot of what underpins some of the growth you see today and then we will valuate going forward what's next. But effectively, that network in Europe continues to mature and pay long-term benefits for all investment over the years. So we absolutely see that continuing and you can see in some of the countries where the investments we make some two, three years ago continue to pay off today. So we are very bullish on that.
Jim Barber: Sure, so I guess, and the last question we talked about the network and this question, they are very linked responses. First of all, we like our assets that are out there but when you get back to some of the opening comments about Bali, what's going on now and where these trade agreements are going to us, one of obligation, just to be able to take a look at these networks. I am really specifically talking about Asia now in the Americas. To align those to where the puck is going, so it doesn't necessarily mean new asset, but it might mean redeploying them in different ways based upon what the consumers are telling us and our customers from across the globe, so we are in the middle of that piece of work right now. We are very happy with our networks and the way they are performing. You can see that in some of the results, but we also think we have to keep one step ahead based on where these trade agreements are going and some of the decision these countries will make in the next couple years. I think that the fact that as you look at 2014, solid growth is projected for the developing world, developed world I should say, so the United States and Europe, and I think that also bodes well for UPS. Looking at almost 8% to 10% increase is consensus for the U.S. this year and the global economy the same, so I think as you get into more stable I just wouldn't call it robust economy, but a more stable economy. See in Europe and U.S. strengthens is going to help us a lot. (Inaudible), so we are going to continue to invest in emerging markets, big part of our future, but for the short to medium-term developed world going - good for us.
Jim Barber: If you look at forwarding, a couple of quarters ago I talked about concentration in a couple of verticals as well as military. We said, we needed to change that obviously in a business like UPS doesn't change in a dime and so we take a prudent approach to that. We have worked through that in the last couple of quarters. We feel like the first quarter, as the opening comments alluded to, will be the wraparound for us. Two-fold will be nice growth quarters for us in both, tonnage as well as revenue quality, so we have been working through this. I would say that on the international air freight side, but there's three other pieces to that business that we feel like are performing very nicely. That being the North American forwarding piece, the brokerage piece and our Ocean Freight business and we built for a couple of years, so we feel like we are turning the corner on it along with the small package side and you will see that the as each quarter rolls out in '14.
Jim Barber: Well, I would only say, the guidance we have put out is pretty solid and we will stick with that in each quarter. we will kind of update as we go.
Jim Barber: Yes. This is Jim. We have to move on. We have others on the line, so we are running out of a little time here, so we will save that for our individual call.
