Richard N. Peretz: Yeah. Ben, the other thing that's important to understand that, as we make the adjustments for how the characteristics are changing, the benefits that we're seeing on how we're handling within our network and the implementation of our technology is showing up in the bottom line, as you saw the cost per piece actually reduced almost 2%. And that created the margin expansion in the U.S.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, Tom. And this is, Richard. I think the first thing, it was a very strong quarter, but our focus is really on our earnings – our growth in earnings and economic value more than the margin, because there are fluctuations in the network, and which products are growing stronger year-in and year-out. The other thing to keep in mind is that the hedge program that we've really had in place for multiple years does aid the margins. Even if you adjust out for that, you're still talking about almost a 17% margin, which is the best in the industry. I'm going to ask Jim to actually comment on a few of the initiatives driving the improvements in International.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, I think the first question you asked was, whether it was a one-time payout. And actually, the way that – first of all, it's a complicated topic, and there will be a deck, I mentioned, out on the website to explain a little bit better. But it really isn't something we're paying to a third party. It would be a liability that we would have to take on. But that being said, we look at many different scenarios, and we feel comfortable that even if this was approved, and while we go down the path of looking at other options legally, that it would have a operating income impact, but it would still keep us within the range that we gave at the beginning of the year. So there's a lot of unanswered questions that we just don't know until we know more from treasury's decision. But at this point, that's really all we can share with you.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. Because we run an integrated network, and when you think about the activities that occur, mix has a little bit of play when SurePost grows faster. But I would tell you that, we expected SurePost to grow faster this year. Last year, we talked about the two-year stack, and we knew that SurePost would continue to grow. But that being said, when you look specifically at what we're doing in the U.S., with how direct labor hours are being managed, because of really the overlay of ORION, and what we're able to do with reducing miles, at the same time is increasing stops, it's something we're starting to see the last few quarters, and it's something we still expect to continue to see. And I'm actually going to ask, Myron, to talk a little about some of the initiatives that he has seen from ORION, and what's happening in it, because the expansion of the margin really was something that we did expect, and we continue to expect.
Richard N. Peretz: The short answer is, it does not have any impact on 2016. We continue to allocate capital the way that we planned. For everything, for 2016, we continue on the plan. There's a lot of unanswered questions we talked about, but that won't change what we're doing for this year. And for 2017, later in the year when I guide, we'll go through that as I told you when we've gone through multiple scenarios and certainty will be understood a little differently. And then we'll make the appropriate plans because there are different things and different tools available to us as well. So, I just think it's too early to look at that, but 2016 will continue as is.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, Allison, again, this is Richard. And the interesting thing is, you're right, fuel is lower. It does have an impact on both the cost and the revenue, but if you pulled those out, we still had negative cost per piece growth. And so we are seeing that the benefits of everything that we've been really building the last two years showing up in the bottom line and we actually talked about the margin expansion and that plan is a multi-year plan. And so that will continue as we expected it to. And that's it. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. Again, this is Richard. When you actually look at our cash position and where we're at as a company, after the first quarter we're about where we were last year. In fact, our cash is slightly about $100 million less than last year at this point. So, when we look at our plan, it's about the whole year. And I also want to remind you that a large portion of our cash, about 40%, is offshore. And repatriation would cause additional tax, and we need that money offshore for the investments we're making in Europe and Asia, as well. So our plan was built at the beginning of the year, and it's something that we're working that plan, and that plan really is built to return to shareholders what we've been doing previously. We're investing $2.8 billion in CapEx, and we actually spent about 20% more the first quarter this year than we did last year, so we'll continue working that plan.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, Andrew. First, let me start by saying that, I had mentioned that, even adjusting out currency; we're talking about almost a 17% operating margin. So it's a very positive, and it's actually the best margin in the industry. The other big thing to remember is, and we talked about it, I think, in my talk a little bit, was that, when you look at the yields for International, it was the strongest yields we've seen in quite some time, both in the non-U.S. Domestic and in the International exports as well. And your question also mentioned fuel. And let me also remind you that, we don't use fuel as a profit center. So it does impact the revenue line. But there's really not a big impact to what happens on bottom line. This quarter is really about great cost control, and the quality of revenue, and it was really something that Jim and his folks started mid last year, when we took on some revenue management initiatives, and we know we'll wrap that in the second half of the year. We guided that way at the beginning of the year. And so, this was really a very balanced profit picture, and a return for the quarter for International.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. This is Richard again. And the first thing I want to remind everyone is that, we do use a multi-year hedge strategy, and it's worked very well for the last two years. And underlying that is really the strength of our business, because the core business is running very well. Right now, we're in the middle of a process. We continue to look at different opportunities because of the volatility of currency, to go in and do different hedging, to protect and minimize the change. It's really a little too early to talk about what it's going to be, because we're still in the middle of that. And then, yes, we know that euro went from $1.35 down to today's rates, but we're also looking at what other initiatives across the entire enterprise we can move forward to offset some of that. So we'll continue to work on those two efforts, and at the appropriate calendar time, we'll update you on 2017.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, when we make our guidance at the beginning of the year, and we monitor as the year goes, we have a certain assumption for what's going to happen with economic indicators, and they have come down. If you go back to January, and you look at what GDP was doing and what expectations were around the globe, those have all come down. On the other side, what's happening in UPS, and what we're seeing is the continued margin expansion, the things that we talked about in both International and Domestic, around both from a cost and network efficiency standpoint, as well as making the adjustments, as the volume looks different. So today, I'd say it's more about what's happening at UPS, but we also have to continue to think about what's happening externally because that does have an impact. But because one is a little bit better than it was going to be at the beginning of the year, and the other is a little weaker, you put it together and we think, where we're having guidance is the right place.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. This is Richard. And I think the one thing that's important to understand about UPS is that many of our wages are part of our national bargaining agreement. So there are very few employees where the start rate would be at something that would be affected by the minimum wage change. That being said, in some states where there's a slight change, it would impact only the people that are first coming on to the payroll with UPS, because there's a progression schedule. So it's a very small impact. We've looked at it, and I'm talking hundreds of thousands of dollars kind of thing, because it's just not something that is our value proposition as an employer, and giving the full benefits and the rates we pay aren't things that are going to drive additional cost for this in any meaningful way.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, I think there's definitely two distinct markets there. It's certainly a competitive market, but we focus our pricing consistent with the value we provide to our customers, and we're continuing to enhance our efficiencies, like Richie said, and our value proposition with what David mentioned on the UPS Early Express, so on and so forth. So, yeah, we're confident in being able to achieve the range of 2% to 3% going forward.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. This is Alan. Yeah, as you said, we had a really strong growth of B2C growth and our customers are really responding to the choices we're providing. The e-commerce customers drove both B2C and B2B shipments higher, with the B2C up more than 6%. And by the way, that was our best B2C growth in the last five quarters. And like Rich said, we achieved margin expansion with that growth of B2C. The online purchases are continuing to drive demand for UPS's best-in-class return services, which are, essentially, a business delivery, and we did see mid-teens return growth there. We think, as B2C grows, we're going to continue to see very strong returns growth there that is going to help our B2B segment. So, overall, B2B is still in positive territory, but it's still being impacted by the softness in industrial production. But we've been positive on B2B growth for the last few years now, with the exception of one quarter. So the economy certainly is soft out there when it comes to industrial production, but we think the combination of our B2C and our B2B value proposition to the non-retail segment is going to allow us to continue to grow that B2B business.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. Hey, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so, as you stated, our premium Next Day Air products grew more than 3%, and I think, part of that is, the customer is responding and enjoying to our continual expansion of our Next Day Air and our Next Day Air Early, as well as our Express services that David talked to in his opening comments. We certainly are establishing a beachhead there, a leadership beachhead in Express and premium Next Day Air. And certainly, the healthcare, high-tech and professional services segments are in need of those type of services. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. Hey, Ravi, this is Alan. As you guys know, we've been in the same-day business for a long time with Express Critical and our world-class service parts logistics network, but certainly there's a lot of buzz with e-commerce with same-day, and the real challenge is obviously low-cost e-commerce delivery because the consumers are looking for a low-cost option there. Currently, as you know, same-day for e-commerce has challenges with consolidating density and single-piece stop economics that could create profitability issues as these companies look for the low-cost model. Deliv's goal is pretty unique. It consolidates multiple deliveries on one driver with pickups from multiple stores at a mall, for example. So we're looking to get some key learnings there. So we made that SEF investment in Deliv to better understand the economics, demand and value proposition, and certainly they are a leader in that particular space. At the same time, we believe that because the lion's share of shopping takes place in the late afternoon and evenings, there's much more demand for local next-day, which really speaks to the latter part of your question about omnichannel. And we're very focused on those local store solutions that enable us to take evening orders that are dropped to these stores. Let the stores fulfill them locally that same evening, and with the UPS late-night pickup, we can get next-day or morning delivery. So we can make the delivery in as little as 10 hours to 12 hours from the time the order is dropped into checkout. And you combine that again with our industry-leading e-commerce platform, and we're really leading the way in the B2C e-commerce market. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. Hey, this is Alan and thanks for the question. Look, it's really about the whole e-commerce platform at UPS, but certainly all of our brick and mortar retailers are also in the e-commerce business. So it's about providing them a total solution. And omnichannel is a growing trend in the retail industry. We're seeing 30% year-over-year growth in UPS accounts in 2015, and that means at the store level, we've got about 120,000 ship from store locations that are shipping or have the potential to ship. We're starting to see this phenomena start to take place also outside the U.S. in our International business. So we think it's a real advantage for the retailers to optimize for a number of things. Sometimes it's inventory, saving the order, because the order is not in the e-commerce fulfillment center, but it's in the store. Other times, it's to speed up the delivery, other times it's to get to the lowest cost option. So it's really about the whole platform that we offer with UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point, omnichannel, the SurePost, Returns, marketplace tools we provide, so on and so forth, that we're out there selling along with, with obviously, the power of our whole product portfolio aligned to the integrated network that's really driving that success. And I guess, the last thing I'd say is that, to kind of one of the questions earlier, where – about density creation. We're really creating this density synthetically through all of those e-commerce solutions that I just spoke of, because all of them both drive customer and consumer convenience as well as density for UPS. And you combine that with some of the things we're doing on the efficiency side with ORION and automation and things that Myron talked, about, we really believe we've got a great platform for e-commerce, for both – for retailers, consumers and to continue to enhance UPS profitability.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Thanks, Rich. So, Tom, I think it's really a two-part question for me. One is backward looking, how we've done. You've seen the last five quarters. We feel good about that. I think the other side to it is that, at the same time, right in line with our overall growth strategy, we're able to invest in some of these growth platforms we've talked about over the last year, year and a half. Like Access Points, like southern and trade lane borders across the world in emerging markets, so that ultimately, it's – here and now you see the margins and you hear Richie's comment with respect to the lift in currency, and so on and so forth, but the general operating efficiency and base rates is holding us, but at the same time, we feel really good, I do, about the investments we're making for long-term at the same time. So appreciate the question.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Art, it's Jim. I think a couple of other points on the back of what David just mentioned is that, we've talked over the last year, year and a half about the capital outlay plan of $2 billion. I think it's important to note, especially in line with our top line growth discussion, is that we've only touched 19 of our planned almost 70 facilities that we plan to expand throughout the network. So we won't be done until 2018. We're going to be doing that much in line with, as you pointed out, what is the customer's expectation in Europe post-merger? We've had our eyes on that for some time, obviously on the road we've traveled. And so we are kind of looking at our Customer Solution, specifically, and our network and making sure that it leans into those risks and opportunities that any merger brings forth. So we're looking forward to the years to come in Europe. Thanks.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: David, it's Jim. On the Cologne situation, just a couple of points I'd like to reinforce. First of all, there's work stoppages that happens, or manifestations, as they might be called, in the world, especially in Europe, that we have to deal with day-in, day-out in our business. This specific situation, to be very clear, Verdi's stance in Germany in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia was really not even in the logistics sector, it was in the government sector, which has a whole another set of views to it. The IPA and the pilots took their stance on that. Our job is to run the network. And I would tell you, over the last 48 hours, the guys have done a heck of a job over there. Just like the last time the ash cloud appeared and that power of the ground and the air network came through. And tonight, our network will be just as normal. Tonight, Thursday night, in Cologne, and we expect to provide great service going forward. So I'll stop on that. I appreciate the question.
David P. Abney: And this is David Abney. Just want to remind people that we do not know how treasury is going to decide. We're expecting a decision between now and May 7, May 8, but they could reject or they could accept. We just felt it was important to get the information out that just gives you an idea if they did accept the plan. But we really don't have an idea of which way that they're going to decide, so we don't want to send any other impression out there. Okay.
David P. Abney: Okay, Nate, this is David. Yeah, I'll just start off with saying that that high-profile customer, I think because of the scale and the scope, gets a lot of attention in everything that they do, obviously can appear under the microscope. I can tell you though that we value our mutually beneficial relationship and obviously we'll evaluate any market moves that any company or customer makes, and we look at it from a competitive standpoint. But where I really want to focus is our integrated network creates efficiencies and just gives us a value proposition that is very difficult to match. Our diverse customer base also, just from a density standpoint, no single company is going to be able to match that. So we add value with global scale and scope. We continue to invest in technology to deliver high-value solutions, and there are going to be customers that are going to utilize us as a single source. There's going to be other customers that are going to adjust and sometimes go single source, sometimes go multiple vendors, and sometimes they will bring some work inside, take it in-house, and that's going to adjust as conditions adjust. But we feel we have a good relationship with that customer and feel that we will continue to add value for many, many years to come. Thank you.
David P. Abney: Okay, Brandon, thanks for the question; this is David. And yeah, our customers have given us a lot of views. And I'll give the same impression to that that I would to the customers, that is it's very mixed. And U.S. GDP has obviously weakened. Even today, the numbers that came out quarter-over-quarter has showed weakness and year-over-year slight deterioration. But again, you can look and you can find bright spots and then you can find things that worry you. On the one hand, consumer spending continued to be the primary economic driver in the U.S. On the other hand, industrial production has been disappointing; although I can say there has been some recent data on manufacturing that is showing some sign of expansion. On the one hand, again, online retail is continuing to grow much faster than many expected. On the other hand, the especially brick-and-mortar retailers have not done so well. Again, on one hand, inflation and unemployment have stabilized, although wage growth, of course, has been muted. And when you look at it internationally, I think the same thing, you're going to see positives and you're going to see things that concern you. From the European Union, we still expect to see that economy grow at a fairly solid pace compared to the recent past, but there are signs of slowing, especially in some countries. Emerging markets, you see some concerns there, especially in Brazil and Russia. China, though, the GDP forecast has stabilized. You look at U.S. exports, because of the strength of the dollar that, of course, has weakened. But when you look at European exports imported into the U.S., that has been pretty solid. But my final point, and I think it's what's led to our success the last four quarters or five quarters and will continue to lead to it is that regardless of these challenges, we have to make challenges opportunities, and it's how we execute our investments, our strategic initiatives. If we continue to execute, we have proven and will continue to prove that we can have success in this mixed economic environment. So thank you for the question. Appreciate it.
David P. Abney: Yeah, this is David. I just want to clarify a little bit that we are clearly opposing the Central States Plan and that shouldn't indicate any change on our part to our long-term capital expenditure plan. So, again, this is something that has not happened. We don't know if it will or it won't. So I don't want anyone to read into comments that maybe we're adjusting our strategy based on this. We continue to execute this capital plan just as we originally planned. Thank you.
David P. Abney: Hey, Art, this is David. And in Europe, it does look like that acquisition is going to be approved. And the things that I wanted to cover on that is, that we have a very strong position in Europe. We've been winning in Europe for some time now, and we've certainly have been sprinting over the last several years. We haven't changed our strategy. We're going to continue to invest and grow in Europe, and we are certainly seeing benefits of that in 2015. We're in the beginnings of our five-year $2 billion network investment, and we're already seeing benefits from that. And just try to give you an idea, you know that Europe is a key part of our strategy, and we've just had great momentum. We've had five consecutive quarters of double-digit operating profit. So what we're hearing from our customers is that, we continue to provide value and they continue to give us more of their share of business. So we think it's a very positive environment for us.
David P. Abney: And this is, David. Just to reinforce, Rich. It's nice to have tailwinds. And obviously, you'd prefer not to have headwinds, but that's not the world we live in. But what we have been able to do, over the past five quarters or so, is to deal with the hands that we have dealt, and make the most of it. And our management team, throughout the world, is focused on absolutely that. And what's important, is that we stay disciplined and focused on our strategic initiatives. As long as we do that, we're going to be in good shape and real proud of what the team has been able to do. Thank you.
David P. Abney: Okay. This is David. I'd just like to review quickly, UPS had another excellent first quarter. We are very effectively implementing our strategic initiatives and we're investing in new capabilities in the right places, which will ensure that we remain the world's premier logistics provider. Lastly, though, I would like to make an announcement that would be interesting to many of the people on this call. Joe Wilkins will move into the role of Vice President and Corporate Controller and Scott Childress will replace Joe as the Vice President and Investor Relations Officer. I'll speak to myself and the company, we are very fortunate to have two very extraordinarily, qualified and seasoned professionals, and I'm confident that each of them will be just as successful in their new roles as they have been in their prior roles. So really would like to congratulate Joe and Scott. I appreciate what you guys have done, and I'd like to thank everyone on the call for joining us today. Take care.
