James Barber: Sure, I’d love to. So, two opening comments, I guess, is we continue to see international, and not just express business, but supply chain as well, is a growth and diversification engine. No question about that. I think we’ve seen that over time. Europe, obviously, is one of those parts of the world that Brexit seems to win the day. And, certainly, from our perspective, we want that to be solved properly. But in the midst of that, our European business managed to grow revenue in the high-single-digits, keep expense to about half that growth and grow profits about 15%. David talked about some of these factors. Obviously, some years ago, when we didn't win our way with the TNT merger, we had a choice and we moved on to a $2 billion organic investment strategy. We stay absolutely true to that. Our job is to win in both organic or inorganic moves in the market. Right now, in Europe, it is very much an organic growth story. And in the end, our job is to be able to create leverage in almost any environment that we’re dealt. Macro changes will come and go over time. And at the very end, our job is to run the business and create leverage. In Europe, we feel like, had a nice quarter. We talked about in the third quarter that we’ll continue forward. Fourth quarter did that. And we can see similar actions and initiatives going forward in 2019. So, that’s the international European from our perspective.
James Barber: Yeah, yeah. I had a few key points to it. I think when you sit down and you think about the year that we’ve just entered, you've heard a lot about revenue quality, obviously, throughout the call. I know Kate’s going to talk about that more. But the continued focus on that. And Kevin, obviously new, is going to support as well. Non-op leverage and procurement savings coming through. Scott will talk about that today some more as well on the call. But at the end of the day, we haven't talked as much about the capacity adds. Juan will do that as the call goes on, but certainly the 22 facilities we built last year and the 18 we’re going to add this year really allow the integrated networks to perform and perform at much higher levels, which is the key to success at peak as well. How we execute peak in 2019, we’re going to continue to refine that strategy and move that forward. There’s already ground for us. We’ve expanded it. We added about 100 buildings in 2018. So, as we enter 2019, we are in 323 buildings in the US. And, quite frankly, the operating leverage that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2018, we see moving us out and starting in 2019 and going forward. So, that really is the pillar underpinning the dialogue and the turn as we move into 2019 and we’re anxious to get on with it and move through the quarters as Rich described.
James Barber: Yeah. Just to follow up on the first quarter, there are no business fundamental issues with the first quarter. Rich certainly pointed out the two things about the calendar. The other thing is these discrete tax items that hit the first quarter of last year that don't this year. So, other than that, we see the first quarter with the same momentum as the rest of the year.
James Barber: This is Jim. The question that we’re kind of dancing around a little bit, Tom asked it a minute ago, was are we getting the productivity improvements from these investments. And the answer is yes. In fact, there’s other investments in this integrated network that come to life once you get these hubs effectively moving the way they. And you saw some of that in peak and you’ll see that in the years to come as well.
James Barber: I’d add something to both what Scott and Kate just mentioned, is that remember in David’s opening remarks, we have just brought Philippe Gilbert on to really help us look now from an outside-in perspective at things like an LLP provider and how that works in distribution these days, how supply chains are moving across the world and, ultimately, that's his first task with us, was to help us make sure that our distribution strategy continues to be and stay connected to the core businesses and create value going forward. So, we’re happy to have Philippe on board to help us assess those going forward as well. 
Richard Peretz: So, this is Richard. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Jim as well. I think you look at the fourth quarter and it's indicative of some of the transformation around growth that we’ve talked about. We had revenue per piece in the US up almost 5%. During my talk, I mentioned, and Jim mentioned about, the SMB, the small medium-sized business, and also the positive product and customer mix. We do see 2019 as a pivot point. If you go through the numbers, you'll see that operating profit is growing, which means that we are creating leverage and it really is the start of something that we talked about would happen as we had our investments come in line, transformation as well as improving operations throughout the country. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Jim.
Richard Peretz: Tom, what I'm going to do is I'm going to cover the MIP and the discount rate and then I'm going to turn it over to Kate to talk a little bit about where we’re headed with some of the initiatives around our customer and product mix. Specifically, around the vesting, it really is about a short-term stock equity program that 40,000 employees participate in. The legacy was, it was a five year vesting and it wasn't meeting the market. And it’s transformation we continue to look at. How do we make UPS attractive place to work, get the right talent and also make sure we’re delivering appropriately from a compensation standpoint? So, part of that was making the change. It really is no overall impact when you go through the five years. There is a little bit heavier charge now and then slowly dissipates to zero by the fifth year. In terms of the discount rate, that $250 million is pretty much offset by the benefit we saw in the operating line on discount rate. So, in the press release, we call out the below-the-line portion. And while it’s not entirely the same as the MIP, a large portion of the MIP is offset by that. And that's because the service cost portion is accrued differently when the discount rate rises. So, that’s all inside the operating line. But, most importantly, I think when you look overall, the operating growth in the low double digits is a big improvement for the US and it's not just what’s happening in the operating leverage, but what we’re doing with revenue and Kate will talk about that.
Richard Peretz: Okay. Scott, I'll start with the guidance specifically. I think you're calling out the first quarter. The two big factors in the first quarter are, first, the workdays and Easter move from the first quarter to the second quarter. So, if you go back and look in history, there's a volume run up prior to Easter, and that plays into it. And then just the workday. There's one less workday in the first quarter. And when you do the math to the third quarter, you'll see the pickup because there’s an extra workday in the third quarter. In terms of when you think about the free cash flow, we had called out some working capital initiatives that we’re going to continue and we talked about that, but also we know, in 2018, there were some past benefits that we called out in March, both for the tax rate change as well as a big refund.  So, when you kind of normalize for that, we’re going to have an excellent year of free cash flow again. We’re going to continue to try to build that. And we talked about additional opportunities to grow it through some of the initiatives. And as we do daily in 2018, we’ll share those accomplishments and what it means to free cash flows as the year goes.
Richard Peretz: Sure, David. This is Richard. And I think the first thing that we have to think about is, if you just look at what happened really the stock market in the last six weeks of the year, that's predominately what's driving a tremendous amount of the pension below-the-line impact. So, I'd love to sit here and tell you that we’re not going to see – we’re going to see a positive market that’s X, Y or Z, but I do understand that what we look at – what December looks like, it was a stock market that was, for the month, worse since, I believe, the Depression. And so, that had a big impact at the end of the year that wasn't expected. I don't expect that to repeat. And because of that, I do believe – and if you think about the underlying real story here, it is that we have double-digit low teens growth in all three segments. And it's been many years since you've seen that. We are at the pivot point of the benefits from transformation, the investments. And, most importantly, our return on invested capital remains within our range.
Richard Peretz: That's right. I kind of think of the below-the-line as some things we have to deal with, but at the end of the day it's not what we’re doing on the top – on the operating profit and continue to improve that year-over-year.
Richard Peretz: So, Dave, we, obviously, expect that it will eventually come down as we’ve talked about. We’ll guide to outer years as appropriate. But we know for the next few years, the advantages from the investments are getting the return and we’ll come back to that. And I’ll cover some of that with you offline as appropriate.
Richard Peretz: So, this is Richard again. And I'll start by – and I think David will finish up on this one. But the first thing to remember here, when we withdrew from Central States in 2007, and today it was the right decision. In 2014, some legislation passed that allowed for pension reductions and it opened up new accounting considerations we had to look at, as we disclosed that a few years ago when that law passed. If you look at the requirements under GAAP, we have to evaluate outcomes based on the current legislation. When you look at the multi-employer area on pension. There's over million participants in 5,000 employers that are impacted by plans that are in declining status. The industries are vast. In fact, UPS is less than 2%. That being said, we continue to work with all the appropriate parties to find the right solution. And I think David wants to talk a little about some of those efforts.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Allison. This is Richard. I think the first thing, we did call out a number for the year for operating penalty. It came in pretty close to where we had expected. We had called it out during the quarters. And if you look at December, while we’re slightly below where we expected to be, mostly because of what happened in November with a really strong December, those penalties that we expected, they came. We expect some penalties again this coming year because we’re opening up almost the same number of buildings, but it’s not going to be as much of a drag because we’re getting the benefits, and we talked about the year-over-year. In terms of the cost per piece and the changes, I think with what we've given you, you can calculate the cost per piece. You can see the inflation numbers or the increases coming down. You could even look at our operating expenses this quarter and it was among the lowest that we've had in the last two years. With that, I think perhaps getting into the model and the numbers, I think we can take this conversation offline and talk about the incremental pieces that you’re asking.
Kathleen Gutmann: Thanks. And, Tom, I’ll just add, both customer and product mix was positive in the quarter and, yes, tied to our strategy of revenue quality. And we continue to align value price and cost. And going further with different industries, different segments, further with small and medium-size businesses, and be more selective with large customers. So, the strategy is playing out and will continue to do so.
Kathleen Gutmann: So, thanks, Scott, for the question. This is Kate. And the answer is yes. Our strategy is working. Our small and medium-size business growth was the best we've seen in recent history in the US as well as throughout the world and across different industries. And you can see that demonstrated in our notable B2B and B2C growth. The sales and marketing teams continue to work very well together to win more in the market. And it is notable that we’re the market leader already in small and medium-size businesses, but we’re delivering more solutions to go even further.  Just to give you a little flavor, Where To Go, we’ve talked about, but there is strong demand as we build out our merchant network. UPS My Choice just hit an amazing 56 million of happy consumers and we’re going to be extending that to UPS My Choice for Business later this year. So, very excited about that. And then, also, the alliances Jim mentioned in the opening, the Shopify integrating UPS services into that system, ShopRunner bringing two-day delivery across the country for different retailers, Inception and then Optoro on the return side. And continuing to enhance how we reach these small and medium-size businesses globally through digital solution. So, SMBs are the growth engine for economies throughout the world and we are very well positioned to continue our success in that segment. Thanks so much.
Kathleen Gutmann: Absolutely. This is Kate. I will start with overall peak because returns is one component that comes along with the business. But with the quality revenue that we delivered, as you've noticed the last few quarters, we have delivered base pricing over 3% as we further align our value that we’re delivering to customers with our pricing, gaining that leverage and ensuring that we’re addressing our cost to serve. So, we do see that continuing. That is absolutely the strategy. And then, as you say, enhancing our customer and product mix returns is a key component of that. It is a very valuable business with high density delivery and we saw a notable growth. We also have the most expensive returns portfolio in the marketplace and we are furthering that. So, we've got everything from mobile returns where small and medium-size businesses can actually manage their own returns policies then to consolidated returns for large customers in an alliance with Optoro, which helps them to turn their returns dollars into revenue dollars, so that in the moment selling of returns really helps them to reclaim the value and for us to then leverage that to ensure higher value equals higher price. So, we’re confident about our strategy and we will continue to deliver on that.
Kathleen Gutmann: Yeah. And I would just add, Sarah, tied [ph] to fulfillment, we see the macro trend with small/medium-size businesses partaking in e-commerce, needing help with that fulfillment option in the marketplace. And we have both our e-fulfillment strategies, where the smaller customers can grow into out of their garage or what have you and then graduate to what Scott is talking about with Where To Go. So, we do intend to meet the full spectrum of needs for our small and medium-size businesses to ensure that we stay market leader.
David Abney: And this is David. Just a quick summary about the importance of SMBs. They are 95% of the firms and they are 50% of US GDP. So, when Kate talks about all these initiatives, it’s because that’s such an important selector and, of course, it is one of our strategic imperatives.
David Abney: I do, Rich. And in 2018, a joint select committee made up of equal members of Democrats and Republicans, equal members from the House and the Senate, and they made very good progress in finding solutions for these failing multi-employer pension plans. We’re talking about Central States here, but this problem is much bigger than Central States. There's hundreds of these plans that we are not involved in as a company that are in this critical and declining status. So, that’s why this is a nationwide issue.  While they made good progress, they did not meet the statutory deadline of reaching a bipartisan solution by the end of the year. Really believe that Congress does understand the sense of urgency and that they will continue to make this a priority this year. And we are certainly going to continue to advocate with both Congress and the administration on why this needs to be addressed, how it affects many employees throughout the country, and how it can also have an effect on employers in – not as much on the big companies. There is a lot of smaller companies out there that have employees in these plans. And if this situation doesn't get fixed, it could certainly have a negative effect on them. So, it’s an important issue. We’ll continue to work on it.
David Abney: I do, Scott. Our plan going in today is to show that UPS is on a different path than some other companies. Our transformation initiatives are underway – well underway. They're enabling our strategy. And we’ve made great progress this quarter. Strong, strong international results. The revenue yields, the expansion that was led by our US business and how they performed during peak from a service and a cost standpoint, and really how our investments are just really timed the way they should be and they're adding efficiency and flexibility to our network. So, we continue to see strong growth opportunities. And, again, I'm more convinced than ever that UPS is on the right track to create that value that’s so important for our shareholders and for our customers and, of course, for our people. So, again, thank you very much for joining us.
Scott Price: Thanks, Chris and Todd, for the question. So, as we mentioned in the fall investor conference, transformation supports and funds the business strategy. So, it's a combination of both cost and growth. And you've heard that as each one of the speakers explained progress in their areas as the transformation very much is supporting all sides.  On the cost end, we've made some really good progress. The voluntary retirement program, we had a very good take rate. Centralized global procurement to leverage our global scale and buying power. And we’re moving back office work and transactional work to our global business services and BPO to reduce our overall cost and investing those back in technology. We’re investing in a lot of growth. Kate mentioned quite a bit about SMBs and the platforms that in partnerships that we’re building to support B2B e-commerce. We’re capturing international, as Jim touched on. Healthcare is an important area for us and we see an opportunity for helping our customers to increasing regulatory compliance challenges, cost pressures. We think that our network is well-positioned. We have home healthcare opportunity, direct to patient, lab specimen, clinical. And then, of course, we’re building on our synergies with Marken. We set aggressive goals in 2018; we achieved them. We have many new initiatives in 2019, with just as aggressive goals. I'm a little over a year now with the company and I continue to be impressed by how the organization is able to adapt and agilely transform itself, while also continuing to deliver our very, very high levels of customer service, as you saw in peak.
Scott Price: So, I think you can look on the shape of the 2019 guidance that there’s a very significant amount of activity going on in terms of the transformation program. We’re talking hundreds of initiatives. And I think what you're saying is a reflection of those initiatives funding significant investment in technology and capability and as well platforms and partnerships to drive that mix change. We've made that guidance in terms of by 2021, and we continue to confirm that. In the shape of 2019, you're seeing a pretty important and pivotable year for us to continue to drive down these costs and change the shape of our growth and revenue mix through many of the savings being reinvested back into the business.
Scott Price: Yeah. The 2019 VRP absolutely does continue to flow through. And we continue to use those savings for investments in other areas. Kate mentioned Where To Go, that is an area that we’re investing in, to be able to drive SMB e-commerce. So, it’s a combination of cost reduction programs. We’re using those to investing as well to ensure that there's a flow through to the bottom line. One area that I also would to highlight is the 2018 program. You're also seeing in 2019 was the progress we're making in procurement, centralizing our global buy and really leveraging that spending power as we reduce our cost to operate and reinvest.
