Carol Tome: Happy to. We were very pleased with the productivity that the team delivered in the third quarter with our cost per piece increasing at a lower rate than our revenue per piece. There were lots of goes ins and goes outs that Brian can share with you. But look, productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS, and I'm super proud of what Nano and the team are doing in terms of driving more pieces per hour and higher cube utilization. And actually, as we look into '22 driving automation in our facilities, as we've talked about, we have about 141,000 people inside of our buildings. And through automation, we'll be able to optimize that cost. But, Brian, maybe you want to give a little more detail on the third quarter cost per piece.
Carol Tome: Sure. So if we think about the growth of enterprise customers versus the rest of the business, we declared and called out the growth that we saw in our SMB customers with an increasing penetration and SMB customers, that means the enterprise customers declined a bit as we expected. For a couple of reasons, one, we were up against tough year-over-year comparisons. Secondly, we're controlling the volume that comes into our network, because we are laser-focused on revenue quality. We used to think that every package was the same, we don't think that anymore. For some shippers, we're no longer delivering their packages and that's okay with us. Now, if we think about our largest customer, we've got a great relationship with our largest customer. And really, I'm pleased where that relationship stands. Last year volume with that customer surged as you would expect, because of the impact of COVID-19, and the shift in e-commerce demand. This year by look at the volume with our largest customer as a percent of total volume, for the first 9 months of this year, it's trending at where it was back in 2019. And we continue to support their customer as they continue to grow, but we're not their supply chain, we're just part of their supply chain.
Carol Tome: And maybe we'll talk a little bit about the cost inflation question that you had. If you think about our employee base in the United States, we have about 458,000 UPSers in the United States. 75% of them are covered by some sort of a collective bargaining agreement. So we have a good idea of what the compensation is for those employees, and we manage through that. Now with turnovers, sometimes we do have to make market rate adjustments to attract people into our Company. We've been able to cover those market rate adjustments with productivity. So I feel really good about our ability to manage through the labor cost inflation that many companies are struggling with today.
Carol Tome: And couldn't be more pleased with the progress we're making on the 16 customer journeys that we've shared with you because our SMBs are really responding to those journeys. And it's not just good for SMBs, it's good for all customers. We're just improving the overall experience.
Carol Tome: And just on that point, I called out weekend delivery and how important that is for our customer experience. Last Saturday, we delivered 6 million packages. A year ago, that would've been basically nothing. And we did that without adding any incremental capital spending into network. We just opened up the network to add capacity. So we're going to make sure that this network is as optimized as it possibly can be before we start investing a lot of additional capacity then. But when it's as optimized as it possibly can be, then we'll add more capital.
Carol Tome: As we looked at our productivity results in the third quarter, you have to go back to 2016 to see that kind of productivity. So it's a dramatic improvement driven by just the great work of our operating team and our engineers. Once the potential, we're going to get better, quarter after quarter after quarter, and we'll report to you as we do that.
Carol Tome: Well, we're putting the finishing touches on our 2022 plan, and we'll tell you what we think about 2022 at the end of the fourth quarter. As it relates to the pricing environment, we mentioned in the call today that our general rate increase is 5.9%. We've also made some other adjustments in pricing, and then you can go on the website to see all of those. It includes the 1% increase in fuel that goes in in November of this year. So we priced our products for the services and value associated with those products.
Carol Tome: Yeah, it's such an interesting , isn't it? We are hearing from surveys that consumer reserve quite panicked about this because supply chain jams are all over the news. And in fact, some things like a holiday shopping will be completed by Cyber Monday or 50% of holiday shopping will be completed by Cyber Monday. As a result, some of our customers are actually pulling forward promotions. And we saw that last week as an example, our volume was quite good, because of promotions that our retail customers were offering.  So I think everyone is trying to work through the supply chain demand to ensure a good holiday season. There's also a belief that there will be more gift cards sold this year than in prior years, which should suggest that packages will continue to be delivered post the holiday. That's kind of elongates the holiday shipping season in a way, as we think about what it means for us right now, others make your real for you for the ports in California. And a lot of discussion about the ports in Los Angeles and at Long Beach.  We have hubs very close to those ports. We received containers from those ports through a drop ship arrangement with a third-party. So when people say there's a supply shortage of truck drivers, it's true because this third-party is delivering those containers to our hubs. We have capacity of -- as an example, of one of our hub’s parks 70 containers today, we're only getting about 50 of those containers.  So it is slowing down, the flow of packages. Now, as soon as we get it, get it delivered. So our business is doing well, but in terms of the end-to-end supply chain, it's jammed upstream. So when the administration -- the Biden administration recently announced we're going to have efforts to operate these ports at 24/7, we said, that's great news because if you can pull the containers off the ships, and then get them dropship to us, we've got the capacity to take on those containers. So we're here ready and able to support anything that we can do to unlock some of that jam.
Carol Tome: Well, our market share in export is low. We're taking share on the ground in Europe. And I couldn't be prouder of what the team is doing outside the United States to grow this business.
Carol Tome: And then on the labor front, maybe I'll give you some color. Is really interesting when you look at the labor dynamics, there are 5 million fewer jobs in the United States today than there were pre -pandemic. And yet they're only 4 million, so a lot . So there's not excess demand. The problem is that everybody is rushing to fill up the jobs. And so that's why you see so much pressure out there because as the economy has opened up, everyone's rushing to fill the jobs. Now, in some ways we got ahead of it because if you think about last year when our volume surged, we hired 40,000 people in the second quarter. So we got ahead of some of the challenges by hiring last year.  Now, we are heading into peak where we do hire 100,000 seasonal workers. We are pretty good at this. We've done this for the past several years. The environment is different than it's ever been for sure. But we're all hands-on deck. We have hundreds of recruiters that are working for us. These are UPSers as well as partners that we work with outside of the . We have simplified the hiring process. So now within 30 minutes, you can get an offer. Before, you had to go through a gaming exercise before you're going to get an offer. And trust me, I play those games that I didn't do well.  like clutch whatever the game.  So we've simplified the  to come onboard, and look, it's -- we're not -- it's not over till it's over. But we're making progress here. I'll just give you one data point. Last week alone, we hired over 13,000 people. We've been at this for a while and we'll stay at it until we get the number of people, we need to deliver a great peak for our customers.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We've talked about the small package market in the United States is very attractive. There's a demand-supply imbalance and everybody wants a piece of the pie. And so these regional players certainly want a piece of the pie. If you look at the LaserShip announced the acquisition, that combined Company, which by the way, is by coastal, so they don't have an end-to-end regional network yet. They just buy coastal fans less than 2% of the volume space. And they're delivering actually for our largest customer, by the way.  That was because our largest customer has that lots of players delivering their boxes. So as we -- as I think about it, game on, right, it's competitive environment and what we have to do is we've got to invest in the customer experience. So that we've got an experience where people want to come to us and pay for the experience that we offer. And just on the leader that's joining that Company, I have great amount of respect from our colleague , I worked with him for 16 years, is an awesome leader. But I love to compete. Mark a little note. Welcome to -- it's the industry and that we're going to have fun together competing. So more to come.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We don't have a lot of time to talk about this, this morning, but we do have some pilots underway with a third-party platform to see if we can move upstream to consolidate orders into a basket for multiple shippers and ship it on one packaged car. It's early days the pilots just kicked off. But we'll have more color for you. I think at the end of the Fourth Quarter.
Brian Newman: Happy to, Carol, and good morning, Todd. Look, our cost per piece in the U.S. was up about $0.95, and there were four big drivers. The union benefits and wages were up about $0.30. Our fastest ground ever weekend initiatives contributed 16. You're right, fuel did drive plus $0.20. It's about $0.19 of the total increase. And then we had some other items like the excise tax, lap, etc. But from a growth perspective, Todd, we saw about 10.4% CPP increase in the third quarter. You'd expect that to go down to mid-single-digits in the fourth quarter if we think about the trajectory.
Brian Newman: Chris, happy to -- I want to pick that up. The spread, which we so focused on between RPP and CPP in the third quarter was 12% RPP and 10.4% in CPP. We're looking to maintain that spread as we go into the fourth quarter, but your RPP would likely come down in the high single-digits and your CPP have come down into mid-single-digit. So as we think about it, you highlighted the lapping of the $550 million of surcharges from last year were also from a volume perspective, we grew SMB ADV last year in the fourth quarter by 28.5%. So there was some elements year-over-year-over-year. That's one of the reasons I called out on my prepared remarks, this sequential moderation on the pricing, but we have confidence that we can pull the cost per piece down. So in terms of the pricing environment, we expect it to be firm in the fourth quarter and feel good about the outlook.
Brian Newman: No, Carol. We had good growth. It moderated, obviously, with some of the overlaps. I did call out though, in the fourth quarter last year, we posted 28.5% growth. So as we think about this fourth quarter, you might look for lower growth rates, but the mix has been holding steady at that 27%. So as we think back to last year, we were in the low 20s. We're well on our way up into the high 20s, and our goal by 23 is to get to that 30% as a mile marker.
Brian Newman: Dave, thanks for the question. So we've laid out the trajectory here and the domestic is to move that business up to 12% by '23. The full-year forecast now stands at 10 and 1/2. So we're well on our way to that journey. We are actually allocating capital -- growth capital to the domestic segment, but we're doing it in a very disciplined way. We're trying to create some more capacity in the network by sweating our assets, opening up weekend, etc. So there's a few variables at play here. I will come back to you on the next quarter call when we talk about the '22 guide and break down the capital for you.
Brian Newman: And then we'll unpack for you the shifting capital domestically may go from the buildings to more technology. And we talked about the smart package initiatives. So as Carol mentioned, making the experience a better one for our customers. Those are the things we want to unlock and invest in.
Brian Newman: I think, from a cost perspective, Allison, we talked -- Carol talked about 75% of the workforce being under a contract, and that gives us some certainty of our largest cost expense going forward to plan that. Look, it is a dynamic environment though going into fourth quarter, and I talked last call about some of the MRAs, the market rate adjustments we're doing for the part-timers, we've increased that amount in our forecast, but that's embedded and captured already within the 10.5 margin I put out there. So I think we're -- we have a good line of sight to the future, and we're prepared for it.
Brian Newman: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. The -- you're right. We delivered a 24% margin internationally in the first half of the year, and we're looking to do the same in the second half of the year. So full-year will be right at that -- should be right at that number. We did experience some challenges in the quarter with some of the lanes out of Asia. But as we think about the tight supply chains, we don't expect to see the demand surcharges fall off anytime soon. So where we feel confident through most of '22 that those surcharges would remain and the Asia lane does matter the most. And we don't see belly capacity returning to pre -pandemic levels until '23. So hopefully, both of those things should maintain demand for both our international small package and for the supply chain business.
Brian Newman: Sure happy to. Jordan so the -- in Third Quarter, a little over 1/2 came from rate this quarter and the balance and surcharges and mix. Where we are in the turning, we're in the low 40s in terms of contract renegotiation, in terms of that cycle.
Brian Newman: So Ken, we obviously had a good top-line results in the third quarter and we expect to see spread continuing. We are pushing hard on the productivity lever. There's not often there's ops, we've talked to you about that non-op piece and that will repeat next year. So we'll get to a billion dollars over the two-year period and we feel confident in that. The productivity side is the thing that took a little longer to kick in. But the optimization right now, as we think about cube utilization, I think our track -- our trailers were down about 10% in terms of utilization, which is a great stat.  And I talked about direct labor hours being down 5 relatives to volume. So we're going to track those metrics very closely on the pieces per hour, the cube utilization and, and watch those as we go into next year. But we feel good about maintaining the margin spread from Q3 to Q4 in terms of the Delta thing, RPP and CPP. And as Carol mentioned, we'll come back in the Fourth Quarter, and talk about the trajectory of margin expansion for '22.
Brian Newman: I just highlight 3 things from a technology standpoint. We're thinking about what's important to customer. You got claims, you've got lost packages, you've got pricing. On the claims front, we're speeding up the claims process and simplifying that using some technology. On the loss package, which is really important, Carol talked about the RFID, the investment there to drive tracking of packages. And then on the pricing front, we're piloting right now, dynamic pricing, which will make it more effective and optimize the pricing in the areas. So those are just three ways that we're employing technology to make the customer experience more effective.
Brian Newman: Tom, good to hear you and you're still UBS. I like that. So the increase in the MRA s, I talked last call, we were spending about 80 to 100 in terms of the market rate adjustments to remain competitive in certain geographies. We've had in our forecast, that was for the second half of the year, we've got to increase that range, move the 80 to 100, up to 100 to 130. So it's bumped up marginally. But I will say, all of that increase is embedded within the 10.5% full-year domestic margin outlook.
