Brian Newman: Sure Ken, good morning, it’s Brian. Thanks for the question. From a domestic margin perspective, as you mentioned 3.5%, there were three items that weighed on the margin in the U.S. in the quarter. The coronavirus, as I mentioned, was about 100 basis points. We had auto liability impact of about 130 basis points, and then the extra day was actually positive, Ken, by about $50 million. One other piece I didn’t mention was the SMB initiative that we previously invested, that was about an 80 point impact, and we’re continuing, Ken, to make those investments through the quarter.  George, maybe I’ll toss it over to you for a little color on the U.S. business.
Brian Newman: David, just in terms of the cost, your first part of the question, the impact of the coronavirus was felt in two ways. One was from a reduction in the SMB business and the shift to B2C - that came through in customer and product mix, which was worth about 120 basis points in terms of the U.S. RPP. We also incurred some costs associated with PPE and other associated opex expense, safety equipment for our folks as well.  In terms of continuation, look - we’re going to do whatever it takes to keep our employees safe and we’ve been preparing for some time for the shift to ecommerce. We’ll monitor that as it comes and adapt accordingly. Thanks Dave.
Brian Newman: Look - from a dividend perspective, Scott, the dividend remains very important to our investors. We’re aware of that. UPS has good liquidity and we do not expect to impact the dividend. We review it quarterly with our board. The first priority in our business is to reinvest in the business. We have a very strong ROIC and there continue to be a number of levers that we can pull to further strengthen our liquidity. Hopefully that answers the question.
Brian Newman: Thanks very much for the question - it’s Brian. Look, we feel good about our liquidity today in terms of preservation of capital. The priority is to stay liquid, reinvest in the business, and fund the dividend. We have taken, as mentioned, and continue to evaluate several actions to ensure our liquidity. We recently did a $3.5 billion debt issuance which satisfied our upcoming refinancing needs. We suspended the share buybacks for the rest of the year, which gave us a use of funds reduction of about $800 million. Working capital is a focal point for our team, so we saw good results in Q1, and then finally CP and international markets remain open and attractive, so UPS finally has good access to financial revolvers in the event of any unforeseen risks. I feel good about our liquidity and I feel like we’re taking the right measures in terms of preservation of capital. Thanks Scott.
Brian Newman: Thanks for the question. It’s Brian. In terms of the casualty, auto liability, severity really was the driver of that. We are implementing corrective actions to address in the short term. I would say that the trends would probably continue over the next couple of quarters. Specifically what are we doing? Targeting safety training, installing accident avoidance technology, leveraging data analytics. All of these things are sort of proven to address the auto liability risk, but net-net once we implement those three, we’d expect to see significant improvements over time.
Scott Price: Thanks David. I think it’s important to understand in the quarter that we are continuing to shift resources to the future of UPS, which is faster and nimbler. We have continued to target high quality growth opportunities, improving our operating leverage with efficiency initiatives, disguised by some of the issues that Brian raised with the focus upon long term earning power of the company. Because of the work that we’ve already done in transformation, we believe that we are better prepared to weather the crisis, and as we continue to implement and invest in projects this year, we think that we will continue to see very, very solid numerous benefits in the future as well.
Scott Price: In addition to investing in costs, we also invest in new solutions that will continue to help us drive higher quality revenue. A few examples - Kate mentioned reduced transit time, making us very competitive with SMDs; seven day a week operations as we continue to expand our Saturday and Sunday; the UPS Flight Forward and an announcement made yesterday in terms of expanding that and CVS. But as Kate mentioned, the UPS digital access program, it’s powerful for SMBs, it will drive that higher quality revenue, and importantly it cements UPS’ position as truly the long-term ecommerce provider of choice.
Scott Price: Yes, Scott here, thanks for the question, Chris. We continue to reaffirm our transformation target. Importantly, I think that transformation, as I mentioned earlier, has set us up for success. We do believe that our previous estimates of acceleration of ecommerce will probably increase as we think over the next five-year period of time, therefore the investments we’re making in automation, the investments we’re making in efficiency, we believe will help us deliver those long term transformational targets.
Scott Price: Yes, thanks David. The transformation program is multi-year, and as I mentioned before, it’s focused on how we enable and invest in higher revenue business, but also how we protect margin through reductions in cost. Juan covered the reduction in costs that we’re making through automation and technology. We also continue to invest in a more efficient business overall. Our cost per piece in the long term, we see as an opportunity to continue to invest to reduce. We have continued to invest over these periods of time in our competitiveness, both in terms of revenue and cost, and we’ll continue to do that with the expectation that net total shareholder value will increase.
Scott Price: Yes, I think what’s important is that we have tracked over the last several years a number of market dynamics, but I think substantially the brick and mortar world has had a reset. What that reset will mean into the long term is not yet clear until we emerge into recovery, but I think that there is now a behavior that is baked and we continue to assess now what our estimates are going to be - one, the penetration of retail in terms of digital platforms, and then what volume that creates for UPS.
David Abney: Great question. This is David. Prior to the coronavirus, SMBs were and are a strategic imperative for UPS, and recent events will certainly speed up our SMB strategy. We’re prioritizing our strategies and investments to take advantage these opportunities as market conditions improve in order to get the greatest long-term benefit. We’re seeing unprecedented and swift changes in market demand, so are our SMB customers at the same time, and more and more they’re seeing the value of our network. Many of these SMBs, especially those that have had to temporarily close, are actively seeking other avenues and other platforms to conduct their business and to reach new markets. Kate, why don’t you share a few stories on what we’re doing in this regard with SMBs. 
David Abney: This is a great example of the need to show agility in a changing work environment. This is a very dynamic environment, and many of us when we were kids played musical chairs - well in this case, we’re having to play musical airplanes. We’re having to move these aircraft spur of the moment, very quickly making these decisions, and just absolutely proud of the way that we’ve been able to do that, but it’s not stopping for a while. It’s going to continue to be that way, and we just have to be responsive to the needs of our customers, and we will continue to do so.
David Abney: David, we’re trying to get to as many questions as possible, and that question is going to come up. We’ve got an email question that’s very similar to that, so we’ll get to that in just a moment. Thank you.
David Abney: Thanks, this is David. We review Amazon’s percent of our global revenue on an annual basis, and so we announced in January the 11.6%. What I can tell you is that their percent in the first quarter of 2020 has really been consistent with their run rate from the start of the next day structural ship that we announced in the second quarter of last year, so that trend second, third and fourth quarter of last year has been very consistent going into the first quarter of this year. I also would like to say that the growth of ecommerce, whether it’s Amazon or other large customers, does make it pretty difficult for any of them to completely in-source all their transportation needs and it does show the value of existing partners, and we believe that we justify that value on a daily basis. Thank you, and we’ll go to the next question.
David Abney: I’ll start that and then, Brian, if there is anything that you want to jump in, then you can certainly do so. What we have seen in first quarter, at the end of the first quarter has been pretty consistent with what we’ve seen in April, but we can’t tell you what we think it’s going to be the rest of the--even the rest of the quarter, or certainly the rest of the year. What we’ve seen in March and April is a reflection of this closure condition that we’re in. At some point in time, we’re going to see that bounce back, we just don’t know when and we don’t know how far it’s going to bounce back. But as businesses start to open, then you’re going to see more B2B increase. As far as B2C, don’t know that we’ll ever get back to what we’d call the old normal, but we’re not ready to declare what we see today as a new normal either.  That’s really about as much color as we can put on it. I wish to heck we knew more and I wish we could predict what’s going to happen. We just have to deal with where we are today and then we will adjust accordingly.
David Abney: So pricing is going to be dynamic, just like everything else, and with the world projected to go into a recession and with a lot of the indicators that we follow forecasted to go down, we just have to be very careful and watch what we’re doing here. As the demand indicates and as we continue to prove our value, obviously our goal is to maximize our pricing, at the same time keeping our network utilized. More to come on that, but we are very attuned to it and we will make adjustments accordingly.
David Abney: Yes, this is David again, and obviously we can’t make any comments on our competitors’ rates, but as we stated before, we do support a healthy and a viable USPS and we have a unique relationship with them. We’re a customer of theirs, they’re a customer of ours, and we also compete. Where we are concerned, though, is their use of funding from declining monopoly products subsidizing competitive products, and we were certainly in agreement with most all of the president’s postal task force recommendations. They were aligned with many of our priorities, and we think if many of them had been implemented, that there may be a different situation today regarding the postal service than what exists. We do support the president’s view that stimulus grants do not solve the underlying issues at the USPS, at the post office, and we think that any government financial support must be accompanied by important business model and cost accounting reform. We don’t believe the role of government is to pick winners and losers, and when you look at the $10 billion of funding in stimulus 3, you look at the $75 billion that’s being asked for in the next stimulus package, if that was left unfettered, it would create a very unlevel playing field, so we’re very supportive of the postal task force recommendations and do believe that there needs to be a focus on reform at the same time.
David Abney: Yes, and I talked about a little earlier, the first is you’ve got to take care of your people and make sure not only that you’re doing the right things, but that you’re communicating and making sure that people realize that part of being a critical infrastructure business is we were able to operate, and we have learned a lot from that. Then second, this is such a changing environment, and one thing that we have learned from Asia and are learning in Europe, and obviously in the United States, is that the needs of our customers change and change quickly, and if you’re going to be a player in that, you have to be able to change with them. So we’ve had to be very dynamic in our approach and listen, and Kate and her group have spent more time talking to our customers and finding out just exactly what their changing needs are, and it can be from one week to the next, so we’ve had to adjust to that. Another one that’s been very interesting, that applies throughout, is that a lot of governments with the best of intentions have been changing a lot of the rules and regulations, and we have learned that, first, you talk to them about the effects of those rules and regulations and try to get them to see sometimes that there is a full side of the story that needs to be considered, but then second is you adjust and you collaborate and you comply, and if you do that, and we’ve had 113 years of changing rules, maybe not to the speed that we’re seeing now, and we have learned that you adjust to those quickly and then sometimes you have to make up for it through extra people, and other times you move your assets around. But just got to be very attentive to what’s going on and then very responsive at the same time. There are challenges, there’s no doubt about it, but there are opportunities, but those opportunities only come to the people that are going to be assertive and are going to read these things quickly and then respond. That pace of change that we’ve been talking about since we’ve been undergoing transformation has never been any more true than what it is right now. Thank you for that question.
David Abney: So we have this team of supply chain solutions experts that really focus on solutions, and we also have an advanced technology group that is going to play an even greater role. With the agility that’s going to be required, you see those two teams working together well along with our engineers, and at the end of the day if we listen to our customers, if we will take a look at how we can make a difference, and if we make sure that we’re looking further down the road than just immediate needs, then we can continue to add to the value that we provide. Great question.
David Abney: It’s really a balance. You want to take advantage of the opportunities and you want to certainly price for the value that you bring. At the same time, though, you have to look at utilization of the network, and with this recession that’s being predicted globally, if - and there are so many ifs out there that we just don’t know what’s going to happen - but if demand drops due to the recession, then we have to make sure we respond accordingly there too. So it will be extremely hard, and that’s why we withdrew guidance, to give any kind of future prediction on what we’re going to do with pricing that’s further out than where we are now. A lot of it is going to depend on what we see unfold over the next few months, hopefully, but could go further than that, so we’ll have to just take a look and see. But appreciate the question, and it’s something we ask ourselves on a regular basis. Kate’s referred to this range that we’re talking about of 2% to 3%. She’s also made it very clear that we never see that as a barrier, that the value that we provide gives us the opportunity, we of course would increase and operate above the range, that’s for sure. 
David Abney: I will, thanks Scott. Certainly a dynamic environment, and if somebody had asked me a couple of years ago if we’d be facing what we are today, or if I would be facing on my last earnings call talking about withdrawing guidance and the uncertainty that we have seen, I just wouldn’t have believed it, but it is the world that we’re in. UPS has responded well, not only to the needs of our customers but also to governments around the world, and I’m really pleased with the response of UPSers.  I am truly grateful for the wonderful career that UPS has enabled me to have, and like many fellow UPSers past and present, I have gotten a chance to live the American dream through the opportunities of this great, great company. Throughout my journey from a part-time package handler in Mississippi years ago to becoming CEO, it’s just been a real privilege to have worked alongside you for those 46 years.  To our customers, investors, and friends, I truly value the relationships that I’ve made over the years, many of which have turned into long lasting friendships. I’ve never counted the number of earnings calls - I know some do - that I’ve participated on as a COO or a CEO, but what’s most important, it’s been an honor to speak with and hear from all of you over the years. Carol will lead the next earnings call. I am absolutely confident you will be in great hands with her. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and urge you to stay safe and stay healthy. That’s the end of our call. Thank you.
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. Thank you. As David said, SMBs are a priority and they are really--our solutions are resonating with the SMBs as we all find ourselves in these unprecedented times. From a demand generation connection, we’ve got our digital access program, so as some of the demand shifts away from the store on to further online, we actually are seamlessly integrated into where SMBs sell through this program - Stamps.com, Shopify, Amazon Marketplace, and we see vast opportunity in front of us as well, so ensuring they still have mechanisms to reach their consumers. Likewise at this time, they need fulfillment assistance, and we’re seeing our e-fulfillment and where to go solutions really resonating to help them to keep up with the demand on the fulfill side of the house. Then, of course that critical time in transit piece, so that they reach their customers in a timely manner. We’re speeding time in transit, as we’ve said, to over 80% of consumers in the market and through the weekend. This is really helping the SMBs through this difficult time to take advantage of online business. Of course, while the pandemic is upon us, SMBs did face a disproportionate headwind with the shutting of their businesses, with stay-at-home restrictions, but UPS is here to help them as they recover when the markets open.
Kate Gutmann: Good morning, Scott. I wanted to start with of course our continuous position, that we ensure we get proper returns for the value we create for our customers. Through this unprecedented time, we saw significant changes in characteristics, which I’ll get to, but we also implemented surcharges on our international worldwide products from China and Hong Kong origins. We are also in the U.S. addressing characteristic and pricing changes on a customer-by-customer basis, so when you look at base pricing outside of the characteristic change, we’re still within our range of 2% to 3%. I did want to zoom in a little bit more on those characteristic changes. The drop in weight with essentials and necessary goods, really largely purchased online as well as the large essential shippers with that demand coming their way, and then as David mentioned, the stay-at-home restrictions and the shutdown of the commercial businesses would actually impact largely that B2B and B2C mix, with 19% growth in B2C and negative 2% in B2B. Those all impacting the view, but the pricing that I noted continues through the period as well as into the future.
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. I’ll start with healthcare. We have noted previously that healthcare is one of our strategic growth imperatives. We last year set up the healthcare division, inclusive of our acquisition of Marken, and we are really involved in the recovery for our customers, the communities at large through this time. We also saw high growth in healthcare pre corona period as well and do expect that to continue, but we’re engaged with companies like Owens and Miner, CVS and Medtronics and Henry Schein, and really helping them as they participate in this recovery. David noted earlier the involvement in FEMA both with the transportation from Asia to the U.S. but also in the fulfillment services and the dedicated space that UPS has. Within healthcare, we have 8.1 million square feet dedicated, and that’s really resonating. Then the other one I would hit on of the strategic growth imperatives is the SMBs and just that critical area of our business, both now and in the future. I took you through our solutions that are resonating, helping them to grab the online opportunity through this time and in the future and giving them faster time in transit, more seamless integration to platforms as we help them to make the most of this situation.
Kate Gutmann: Scott, thanks - this is Kate. I would say that what we saw as the stay-at-home restrictions started at the end of March have continued into April, and so we saw the double digit growth of B2C, the negative growth on B2B as companies were closed, and that continues. We also saw the air softening both from the COVID impact and then also from the wrap that we noted in Q2 of last year with the structural change in the market, so we are seeing a continuation of that end of March period in April. That’s largely the U.S. comment, but Nando, I’ll pass it to you for international.
Kate Gutmann: I’ll just add on the pricing side of it, the market rate in China and the Asian origins has gone up, as well as we’ve implemented surcharges during this period to address that as well.
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. Our pricing strategy overall, of course, is to match the pricing with the value that we deliver for our customers. What you’re seeing, and we are all seeing in this time, is big shifts with characteristics, so addressing those. When I say characteristics, weight - when people are buying essentials that come out of each’s, so single, you see a big weight drop, and ensuring that we continue to help customers with heavy weight solutions, density solutions. You’ve heard us talk about synthetic density - that’s a part of the pricing structure and strategy because the more you can get people to match up at our expansive access point network, then it’s a commercial delivery, lower cost, lower price for them. So we maintain our focus on revenue quality through the future, and then also have learned quite a bit, of course, with the characteristic swings that we see currently.
Kate Gutmann: Absolutely. Thanks so much, Jack, for the question. We do see a shift, and even prior to with the different tariff discussions that were going on in the world, our customers more than ever were reaching out to us and we were doing solutions redesigns globally for them, to help them evaluate how they would be more protected by having production in different parts of the world. I think that continues. It only magnifies with any situation like a pandemic. What we bring to them is, first of all, our solutions approach, having engineering and design time when they may not have resources available, but then our network supports, our portfolio that helps them right from origin throughout the globe, all the forwarding moves, whether ocean or air, and then fulfillment has really taken off. I think the answer is clearly through this pandemic, especially with small and medium sized businesses that didn’t have fulfillment options and did need to pivot, we’ve seen a really big uptick there as well as the time in transit that we know is so critical, fastest in the world, fastest in Europe, and then also with our enhanced time in transit in the U.S. All of those position us well for this continued trend of looking at customer supply chain.
Kate Gutmann: Brandon, this is Kate. I’ll address that. For the U.S. specifically with the pricing, I do want to underscore 2.2% was the base pricing increase, and we are actually implementing pricing changes and also solutions that will impact characteristics, but we’re doing it customer by customer. If you think about the U.S., SMBs are most impacted by this stay-at-home with businesses closing, and then we see the large customers who are actually gaining the demand for the essential products especially, and that’s why we’ve decided to selectively through customer by customer pricing increase that and then achieve that 2.2.  The characteristic change that’s going on can mask that, and that’s why I wanted to make sure I clarified that for the U.S.
Nando Cesarone: I’ll take that, thank you David. It’s Nando. I’ll start with Asia, and really what we saw was our average daily volume for the quarter was down 2%, but we saw a bounce back in March to offset early softness. We still see strong demand today. In the quarter, we were successful at using our broad portfolio of freight, cargo, small package to better utilize our aircraft and serve our customers. We created capacity by reallocating aircraft from other parts of the world to where the demand was and currently is, and we’ve created capacity with purchase transportation where it made sense. We did these things to be where our customers needed us to be and we did it with industry-leading margins, and we are certainly seizing the opportunity that is in front of us right now in Asia.  A little bit of a different story in Europe. We see Europe is still in recovery, so still very hard to predict demand at this point and capacity demand, but I can assure you that the team in Europe is positioned for whatever comes next.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. We’re seeing similar dynamics on the residential side, but not as pronounced, of course, as the U.S. business. We do have a selective ecommerce strategy that is really focused on cross-border products and making sure that we’re being compensated for the service we’re providing, and in turn the margins, as you saw with all the changes in the quarter, still maintained a pretty decent level. We think that the investments that we’ve made in our European network, the efficiency gains from that also the deployment of our 747-8s really has created a lot of great unmatched capabilities and play well into our ecommerce cross-border strategy.  Thanks for the question.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, I’ll start off - it’s Nando, thanks. Just talking about belly capacity for a second, we know it’s limited right now and for a period of time into the future. The industry is down around 80% at this point in time and approximately 70,000 daily tons, so quite a bit of capacity that’s been taken out of the market. Not sure how long the condition will last, but certainly a recovery will most likely happen when businesses, business travel and tourist travel begin again into the future, and that’s really the big question mark. For now, we have added aircraft, we have added flights where we see, and if it’s appropriate in terms of profitability, we will purchase transportation. But we are dealing with that capacity that’s not available as it was in the past allowing us to make sure we run our network as efficiently as possible. 
