Scott Childress: Welcome to the UPS first quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; our Chief Information Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance and results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and first quarter 2018 Form 10-Q. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Unless stated otherwise, discussions today regarding full year financials will refer to adjusted results. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
Scott Childress: That was from Brian Ossenbeck. And Brian's question was about U.S. operations and Scott Price's appointment from an external standpoint on to the UPS management team.
Scott Childress: We're going to take an online question. This question comes from Scott Schneeberger. And we got a number of questions on the topic. Please discuss how UPS strategically views balancing volume and price over the next two to three years and the potential to exceed the 2% to 3% base rate that we've talked about.
James Jay Barber: Thanks, David. I'm absolutely excited about my new role, and it's good to reconnect with the U.S. operations. I spent the first half of my career learning, leading and executing in the U.S. and have had the great opportunity to integrate those lessons across the globe over the last 15 years working internationally. More specifically, let me take a moment to review the International and Supply Chain segments, where we're generating great returns for our shareowners. The results this quarter were robust, double-digit growth in revenue and operating profit. Clearly, this is not where we started in 2014. We've made long strides, and it has taken a lot of hard work and execution by the entire team. Last year, we finished at over $3.2 billion of operating profit, up significantly over where we started, even with the currency headwind, and we're enjoying the benefits from our continued momentum. These results are based on straightforward plans: build sustainable foundations; make the business models more efficient and flexible; and focus on the right growth strategies. As we look ahead, the pace of business is accelerating, and we are transforming our entire business to connect global buyers and sellers in new ways. We are advancing the capabilities of our global smart logistics network, and this year marks a major step up. We start bringing online new regional hubs, and begin the initial rollout of dynamic ORION as well as Network Planning Tools. We also continue to implement technology projects within the EDGE program. All of these items will drive greater operational efficiency. Additionally, we're identifying new multiyear transformation projects that bend the cost curve further, making us even more efficient. While all segments will benefit from the new initiatives, the U.S. Domestic segment will enjoy the largest gains as we move faster with transformation. The future of UPS is being designed to create a more flexible and agile company, and at the same time, enhance our ability to better serve customers. But make no mistake about it, our plans are built on better managing our customer value proposition based on how buyers and sellers consume our integrated networks and our services. We can take the best lessons learned from our International and Supply Chain segments to speed the pace of improvement in all parts of our business. At a high level, we will continue to follow a straightforward approach to drive execution. Already, many actions are underway, and I look forward to helping drive strategic plans across all of the business units. Thanks for your time today, and now I will turn it over to Richard.
James Jay Barber: Okay, I'd be happy to, David. Thanks. So, let me, I guess, reinforce a couple of points. First, extremely excited about this new role. Also, with George and Nando to come into their places, it just continues to talk about the depth of the partnership at UPS. So, really excited to have them in their new roles as well. David just mentioned the great job Alan has done in growing the business, and it really kind of points me back to the international piece of my background. I think there's a couple of points that we've gone through the last four or five years. Many of you would recall that we were on the verge of a merger with TNT that actually kind of held up our capital expenditure plans for a number of years, then we announced in 2014, the $2 billion expansion. That piece of work aligns very nicely to what's going on in the U.S. for us right now. At the same time, we had to re-gear the network in Asia, and the intra and intercontinental air networks in the international business for the last couple of years. That seems to be very much correlated to, obviously, our U.S. So, those type of learning specifically is where I see us coming back to the U.S. and adding that into the COO role going forward. I guess three or four quick points to punctuate David's comments of coordination and alignment, because I do see that job as very much about that. First, across the business units, is very key today. Intermodal and how products move and supply chains crosses business units, we think we can do a better job in the years to come to harmonize and align those. The other thing obviously is we start to transform the announcements we've had yesterday and today and will continue to talk about as it gets you to the place of getting the right people and structures in place to really drive maximum value creation. And I'll be involved in helping coordinate that which Scott and the rest of the team launch going forward. I did make the point about value creation in my opening talk that needs to be reinforced, because that is key, especially in the U.S. business, for us to drive continued value. And ultimately, I think you could boil it down to the fact that my job will be to help say yes and no to the right value creation growth opportunities within the units and across the units in the years to come. So I appreciate that, David, the opportunity.
James Jay Barber: This Jim. I'll take that one obviously. I think a point I'd like to start with is that while Europe is obviously performing very well for us, one of the points we've continued to make over the last couple quarters is that probably the biggest benefit to how international is performing today is the balance in it. So it is growing everywhere. It's very balanced and the network is continuing to create additional flywheels as we go forward. Specifically on Europe to the point, I mentioned it a few minutes ago, we've chosen Europe in late 2013, early 2014 that we needed to and invest in it just like the same way we're looking at the U.S. network right now. We also looked at our capabilities and we saw our Transborder network needed to be upgraded. We did that in waves through 2015, 2016 and 2017, both ground and air. The specific $2 billion investment, we're about 70% of the way through. This first quarter, we've opened a couple of new buildings. On the back of that as we expanded the network, we've introduced new services in Turkey, Express Services, and so we – big buildings and it has been mentioned previously will come online this year in Paris and Canada. Bielefeld is going to have a big one coming on as well as London. So like I said, about 70% of the way through, all of it continues to create value. You can see it in the growth numbers and the margin numbers. And we feel like a lot of those learnings certainly transport back to the U.S. investments we're making here as well. So appreciate the question.
James Jay Barber: This is James. I'd just add a couple of points to reinforce what David said. Remember we have shared objectives here. It's to create jobs and have career opportunities and serve customers, and that's been going on for many decades. I think the uniqueness of what comes into play now as well is the pace of change and the need for continued flexibility to be adaptive. And so working together with the Teamsters that will be some of the highlighted areas we go forward and get done, and hopefully get it done in the short order. But I think David's points are very right on the point about how the negotiation will transpire going forward, so.
James Jay Barber: I want to add a point. This is Jim. Real quick on the point is that as we build capacity, there are some key priorities that we have to keep in mind, and that is that what goes in the networks have to be right for the network to drive the right ROIC. We've talked about that concept here this morning. And we do think, by the way, as package sizes are changing across global supply chains, it's where some of the unique opportunity exists to start going across business units, and leverage the power of our supply chain business next to our express business, next to the domestic businesses. So yes, it's about capacity, but it's also making sure that the right products are going in the right networks at the right price points to drive the ROICs and our shareholders' return, and we're confident that a lot of this transformation is going to take us there.
James Jay Barber: Absolutely. When David asked me to step into the international position a few years ago, one of the white spots we saw on the map was the Middle East. We knew we had just kind of our model, had not really put our brand where it needed to be. So in 2014-2015, we launched the Indian subcontinent, Middle East and Africa piece of the business. It typically now is the fastest growing piece of the network across the globe. At the same time we saw great value and some of the partnership opportunities we signed on with Expo 2020. As the official logistics provider, our partnerships and customer collaboration have continued to grow over the last four or five years. And we felt like the time was right here in the beginning of 2018, giving the trade connections and our growing U.S. export business to put a direct flight in. And so we picked up a day. Our customers are excited about it. As much as that, the connection inside of the Middle East now expands itself and we are able to actually pull business out of the other geos into the Middle East. So we're really excited about that, and that connection from Louisville direct to Dubai is just the next step as we move towards 2020.
James Jay Barber: Sure, Scott. This is Jim again. That, with many of the other initiatives started three or four years ago, where we looked at our distribution business, our supply chain business. Coyote was not in the network yet, Marken hadn't come on yet, but we knew that it also needed to be essentially to certain extent transformed. It ties into the work now that Scott, and we've talked about here this morning, but we needed to really start to lower the cost base and be very selective about getting the right mix in those businesses. Oftentimes, it meant middle market, different geos, different verticals. We always had the health care business as one of our key strategic verticals and we've kind of stuck to our knitting quite frankly. We've continued to add to them. We'll talk about that more perhaps in a couple of months. But the last two points I'd like to reinforce as well as some of the acquisitions that we've made, obviously, David talked about the growth that Alan brought to us the last couple of years. The acquisition of Coyote you are seeing start to manifest itself on the supply chain. Marken came on a little while ago in the health care space as well. It's doing very, very well for us and the supply chain segment for us, it continues to have different capabilities, very much aligned to the strategy. And they like the International Package business and certainly the U.S. going forward continue to optimize themselves and grow and become more material in the portfolio. So we're excited about that as well, and transformation will continue to fuel the supply chain segment. So, appreciate the question.
David P. Abney: In fact, Scott, we had another question that kind of ties into management. You want to give management structure changes, maybe paraphrase that and also who asked the question.
David P. Abney: Okay, so both of these questions are about management structure and changes, so I just thought it made sense to answer them together, this is David Abney, of course. And first, I'll start with Scott Price, we brought him in as outside hire to our management committee in December of this year. We did that for a couple of reasons. We knew that we were going to advance our transformation initiatives and just felt like we wanted someone that had been through this before. Different company, connecting industry that we could gain from his expertise, at the same time, he could gain from ours, so very happy to have hired Scott and got him in place. And we knew that Alan Gershenhorn was going to be retiring as Chief Commercial Officer, so we added strategy to Scott's transformation responsibilities. And that's how we divided that position. So Alan is Chief Commercial Officer with 38 years with UPS, decided to retire, and Alan did exactly what we had asked him to do, which is really focus on the growth and growing the company. And he's done a great job of that so much so that it has placed some challenges on some of our growth plans. So, we've been able to ramp up those growth plans. But real happy for what Alan has been able to do for us. And then made the decision, I thought the timing was absolutely right with the way things were going to, I asked Jim Barber to take further responsibilities as most people in this call know Jim had been the President of International for a good four or five years, has just done an excellent job. With transformation going to be a part of the future, just felt like that needed someone that was going to accelerate the implementation of our operating initiatives. We needed to I thought better coordinate and align across our business units because more and more of our business is crossing those business units. And I wanted to make sure we didn't have any silos and felt that this was a way to do it. And I also expected Jim from the operations side to play a big role with Scott in this transformation of UPS. And then because we promoted Jim, that left us with the International position open, we promoted Nando Cesarone, a Canadian that we've worked throughout the world, and has worked closely with myself and Jim for many years. And then, we also had Myron Gray retire, which just did an excellent job for us. And we had George Willis, who is a very experienced UPSer that not only has worked throughout the U.S., but he's worked in the corporate office, he's worked in the UK, a wide, wide range of experience. So, those are the moves that we have made. They're all geared towards the future, all towards the focus. And Jim, I'd like to turn it over to you, just talk a little bit about how you see your new role.
David P. Abney: This is David. Great job explaining that, Scott. Really, the reason that it's driving the pace of transformation is just the fact that the pace of change in business is accelerating so quickly. And we feel like that we have to respond and we have to respond with a sense of urgency. This transformation that Scott talked about is going to generate efficiencies throughout the business. It's going to accelerate growth and it's going to create shareholder value, which is what this is all about. So we're very excited about the start of this. We've got some very good initiatives that's going to make a difference, and there's more to come. And as mentioned earlier, we will have a conference in a few months, and we'll be able to give you a lot more of the details at that time. So thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: This is David. I'll take that and then Jim, since you have labor, if you want to add anything to it. Our agreement expires August 1. So far we've held six week-long sessions. There's been progress made on several non-economic matters, and we are confident that we can reach an agreement that would reward our employees but also keep UPS competitive in this changing world that we live in that has both traditional and non-traditional competitors. So we really don't negotiate through the media. So although incorrect information comes out, we certainly correct that. But we have the right people negotiating on our end. I think that the more successful UPS is, the more that we can hire additional Teamsters and the better jobs that our people will have. So just like any negotiations, there's give-and-take, there's good days and bad days, but overall I feel confident that we certainly can reach an agreement.
David P. Abney: This is David. It's very hard to predict what Amazon or any other of our large shippers are going to do. And we make sure that we evaluate any market moves, whatever impact it would have on our business, and then we monitor and we react accordingly. When it comes to e-commerce, we really feel that we are the vendor of choice. It's a fast-growing opportunity that we're best-in-class and our network is scalable, difficult to match because of the density and our diverse customer base. And when it comes to the B2B side of the business, we can talk about B2C so much that we sometimes just don't mention the fact that we are the largest shipper of B2B. It is right in our sweet spot. And we work with all customers, large and small, and marketplace and traditional retailers, and we will continue to do so. So we think we have a good relationship, mutually beneficial relationship with Amazon, but we're open for business for all retailers, big and small. And thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: Matt, I think the first thing to remember is that $4.5 billion to $5 billion we did call out that the tax helped us, and that's one of the reasons we've had actually the best free cash flow we've seen in more than a decade for this quarter. That being said, we do see improving impacts from the different initiatives, but the timing is slightly off, and it's just a little too early for me to tell you exactly how 2019 and 2020 will – but I will tell you that if you take 2017 as a reference point and 2018, we'll be closer to 2018. But I just can't give you enough information yet because we're still finalizing some plans on some of the transformation as well as other strategic initiatives we have that we need to vet out before I give the guidance on 2019.
David P. Abney: Okay, thanks, Scott. We have, as you can tell, expanded the scope of our transformation. The new multiyear initiatives will make UPS more efficient. And also you can see we made a significant step up in network capabilities. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for UPS across every one of our business units. We're focused on executing our strategies, strategies that will make us more efficient, strategies that will focus on pricing and strategies that will continue to use technology to allow us to grow our business through offerings that we could not do without that technology, and of course, increase our flexibility across the network. So we look forward to sharing with you the benefits from our new transformation initiatives in the coming months. And thank you all for joining us on the call today.
Richard N. Peretz: Ken, this is Richard. I'll start and then I'm going to pass it to David. There is no change to guidance right now. But as Scott and David mentioned a minute ago, this is a multiyear, multi-phased approach. And as this is finalized, you saw the first action. We'll come together and talk about it in the next several months. But at this point, it's really not just about this year. It's really about the future as well.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, David. I think the first thing to remember here is that UPS has always had a philosophy of making sure we give a good return to our shareholders. We increased our dividend this year almost 10%, and we're almost 50 years of increasing or seeing the dividend grow. And so that's an important hallmark of UPS. Another hallmark of UPS is investing in the business, and you've heard some of our plans both for the aircraft and the buildings, and that's really about the growth. And we've had such good growth in revenue on an almost $65 billion to $70 billion company. That being said, what's going on with pensions today, we did make a decision last year to fund a very large contribution, and it was opportunistic. And it was opportunistic because we took a tax deduction at 35%. Given the current environment today, we don't expect that we'll have more contributions in 2018. And if discount rate changes, that also changes our need to think about funding. And I can tell you right now, we also have – the discount rate impact is up 50 basis points since the end of the year. And that 50 basis points changes the liability or decreases the liability by a few billion dollars. So we don't expect that we'll continue to fund pension in the way that we have. But Congress made it easier for us to think about funding versus paying the PBGC premiums. And that does bring you to the free cash flow, and you can see that for the quarter, we were at about just over $2.5 billion of free cash flow on a plan of $4.5 billion to $5 billion, and we're well on our way. And we recognize that part of the benefit we got was getting the refund at 35%. But we still see free cash flow growing over the next few years as all of the initiatives that we've talked about around transformation, the smart logistics network, and then the improving yield that we'll continue to drive will all create better or more free cash flow. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz: So historically, we've always looked at that. It's not just about transformation. But we tend to buy assets based on what we need and not really inventory excess assets. So I don't see that as a big piece of transformation, but as I said, annually we're going through that process every year, really in the springtime, to think about it and see if there is anything there.
Richard N. Peretz: When we look right now, we know that we're in the first year of a three-year, we call it, peak capital. And what you see in 2018 is you're going to get a lot of capacity that we haven't really seen added to the network. And that's all going to come in the second half of the year. So we've got a lot of the upfront expense in our numbers, with the benefits start layering-in in 2019 and in 2020. And that's one of the reasons that we called out specifically that the op expense and the Saturday capability were investments. We're now looking right now at about 50% of the population on Saturday. A year ago, we were effectively at probably under 3% or 4% of the population on Saturday. So when you look at the op expense, you kind of see things like that going on along with the step-up costs required as you open a building before the building opens. When we look at the quarter itself, what we recognize is on an apples-to-apples basis, we do see the business about where it was last year. But understand that it's being masked because you've got about $230 million in the domestic that was a credit that is no longer in the operating margin. You've got discount rate change, the weather, along with all these investments. But underlying or masking all of our underlying performance, are these callouts? And we do have a deliberate strategy over the next few years to continue to see benefits, to improve both the margin and leverage, and I think that's coming through the pricing information Kate talked about, the initiatives, both transformation and the smart logistics network, as well as the efficient use of that capital that's coming in. Thank you.
