D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning. UPS's second quarter results were driven by the performance of our U.S. Domestic segment. We continue to benefit from the efficiency of our streamlined and integrated network. Our unique portfolio of solutions has allowed UPS to adapt quickly to the evolving needs of e-commerce shippers and do it profitably. On the other hand, our International segment results continue to be impacted by declines in exports from both Asia and the U.S. Economies around the world are showing signs of weakening, and our customers are increasingly nervous. In the U.S., uncertainty, stemming from this year's elections and the looming fiscal cliff, constrains the ability of businesses to make important decisions, such as hiring new employees, making capital investments and restocking inventories. This will further restrict economic growth. In fact, this is already evident as June's manufacturing ISM and growth in retail sales numbers were the worst we've seen since 2009. In addition, employment gains have started to slow down, all of which had a negative impact on commercial volume growth. Given these trends, we think current second half economic forecasts for the U.S. are too high and that GDP growth will likely be closer to 1%. In Europe, the debt crisis lingers on as more countries struggle with austerity measures that are pushing them into recession. Despite this, UPS export volume has continued to grow, although at reduced rates. While economies in Asia are still expanding, expectations have come down in the last 3 months. Overall, GDP forecasts around the world are declining. Historically, global exports grow at a higher rate than GDP. This is not the case today. In fact, global trade is lagging GDP. This has only occurred once in the past 10 years, and that was during the last recession. We believe this is temporary and that as GDP growth begins to accelerate, a more typical relationship between the 2 will exist. Though the macro environment gives us concern, we have confidence in our strategy and remain focused on current objectives. One strategy, demonstrating the power of logistics, will be on display during the 2012 London Olympic Games. As the official logistics express delivery supporter, UPS is responsible for the staging the largest peacetime logistical undertaking in the world, providing the warehousing, distribution and logistics to produce the games while delivering 30 million items, everything from tennis balls to goal posts. UPS is eager to demonstrate the industry's most advanced supply-chain capabilities at this year's games and further strengthen our brand in Europe. Now for an update on our offer to acquire TNT Express. This transaction will diversify our global revenue, increase our portfolio of solutions and expand our geographic footprint. The complementary strengths of both companies will create a customer-focused platform, delivering unparalleled access to the world, while at the same time, enhancing shareholder value. During the quarter, UPS made significant progress towards completing the purchase, including the announcement of our financing plan and the publishing of the Offer Memorandum. Over a week ago, UPS announced that the review process with the European Commission will move to Phase 2 as there are certain areas that require more time to analyze. We expect to close the transaction during the fourth quarter. Another recent development I am pleased to note is that UPS and the Teamsters have agreed to get an early start to negotiations. Formal talks are expected to begin soon. This brings me to my final point. As 2012 continues to progress, keep this in mind: During our 105-year history, UPS has dealt with many different economic conditions and changing marketplaces. And through it all, we have proven our founder, Jim Casey, right. Determined UPSers around the world working together can accomplish anything. I assure you, we'll make the necessary changes to adapt and respond to the current challenges as we've done so many times in the past. Now Kurt will review our results for the quarter.
D. Scott Davis: Now, Tom, clearly, on the Domestic side, the direct labor hours, we react to very quickly as we adjust the workforce. I think what takes us a little bit longer on the Domestic side is also the revenue side of it. So it's not just looking at cost. We have to do things on revenue management side to improve that side of the ledger. I think we're looking at things, looking at account strategies. We need to focus more on the middle market. I think a lot of our growth, the first half of the year, came from large customers. So we have kind of rededicated ourselves to look at the middle market. I think the small and medium-sized enterprises are really not -- are suffering right now with all the uncertainty in the country, but they still have shipping needs, and we'll focus on them.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. I think the surprising thing, and I talked about it in my comments, Kevin, was this -- the global trade in general. To have exports growing at a lesser rate than global GDP is really unusual, and we think that is temporary and it'll change going forward. But trying to figure out what's going on, I think the biggest driver of that is the slow demand in the developed world. I think there is a lot of people trying to analyze what's going on. But frankly, Europe and the U.S. both have low demand right now, and that's what’s causing those negative numbers out of Asia. The other areas that will be a challenge going forward is U.S. exports to Europe. I think Europe will not be a big consuming country for a while, so the U.S. exports will remain quite weak to Europe.
D. Scott Davis: Now, Justin, it was clearly -- clearly, our macro concerns start with the fact that we saw lousy numbers in the last couple of months, and ISM manufacturing, clearly, was bad. Retail sales was weak in June. As we get closer to the fiscal cliff, there's just more uncertainty out there than ever. It's hard for me to say how it's going to turn around until we get some policymaking done in Washington. We have a 3- or 4- or 5-year horizon, and people cannot make decisions without that. So I think it's going to get tougher before it gets better. It will get better.
D. Scott Davis: We're really going to take advantage of the decentralization of marketing, where now we have the marketing teams in the districts who can look at the specific circumstances and adapt to it. So it will help us as we come out of this.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, exactly. I think in the second quarter, clearly, International was the biggest culprit. But going forward, I think the challenge is going to be Domestic, and as we said before, just a lot of weak numbers over the last 2 months caused us concern for the next 6 months.
D. Scott Davis: Ed, I think it’s a combination, as you'd expect. I think, clearly, the recent numbers have been disappointing that we've seen over the last 2 months, but I think it's a combination of doing that and talking to customers. And again, the lion's share of our customers are small business. And you talk to them, they are very much concerned with all that's going to happen at the end of this year, with the fiscal cliff. And we all read the impact if all the Bush tax cuts go away and the sequestration hits. And you could have a 4% impact. Our customers read that. So I'd say it's a combination of the 2. They're -- customers are concerned. They're not going to invest. They're not going to hire people. They're not going to stock inventory with all that uncertainty. I think Bob Zoellick said the other day even, "We're one debt ceiling deal away from getting this economy going again." So we got to get that done.
D. Scott Davis: Bill, I think, clearly, we have the air network and ground network to satisfy those needs. USPS has informed us the intent to solicit bids on these air services for September 2013 forward. We've informed them that we're clearly interested in bidding on that business. Today, we already do well over $100 million of line haul with the post office. We've got a strong, strong international air network, world-class network. We have proven logistics capabilities. We think it fit very well into UPS in the future.
D. Scott Davis: No, I mean, we'll have to do some adjustments to our capacity, getting a lot of this done in the 2-day network. We can do some things on the ground. So we can make it fit.
D. Scott Davis: I think that's overdone. I think that there's some of that going on, but it, clearly, is not the driving force right now between the -- the gap between global trade and global GDP. So I think we're seeing a little bit of it. But we go out and talk to our customers, you see very few instances where they've actually taken manufacturing and brought it back home or brought it back close to home. I think that's more likely if energy prices were to get to the $150 level. Then I think you look at that again. But I think it's -- there's more dislocation in China going to West China, things like that going on, than there is China back to U.S. or to Mexico.
D. Scott Davis: David, you won't see the revenue there. You won't see the volume of pieces. It's a combination and partly sponsorship. We get compensated for pieces of what we're doing there. It's primarily about brand recognition. I think we did a great job in Beijing, where like our brand recognition went up about 33% in Beijing. We want to do the same thing in Europe, and the timing is perfect for the TNT acquisition coming forward. So it's primarily about brand. You won't see it in the P&L.
D. Scott Davis: It's hard to really see the visibility of inventories, Ben. I think it's hard for economists. It's hard for the government to see that. I'm always skeptical on those reports. But I think in general, from us talking to customers, I think inventories are quite low. It's hard to imagine them getting much lower than they are today, I think, across-the-board, both on the manufacturing side and the retail side. Now visibility tools and those technology, that makes it easier to manage inventories, but I would say from our vantage point, inventories are rock bottom right now.
D. Scott Davis: Right, right. Helane, definitely, in Domestic, we can take them up and bring them down quicker than we can in International.
D. Scott Davis: And that's kind of U.S. focused. We obviously have the global B2C focus, too, and the Kiala acquisition that we announced 3 or 4 months ago is making great progress also. We're continuing to invest in technology there, so we're excited about having the alternative delivery locations available for our customers. So it'll continue to grow. We'll continue to invest in it.
D. Scott Davis: I'd always pick a strong, growing economy, Tom, if I had my picks. But frankly, I think Europe is not far different from what we thought when we announced this thing back in March. I think it's about where we thought it'd be, so no surprises. We're going to work very well together, I think, and have a customer-focused integration. I don't think what we're seeing right now changes anything. I like a better economy. I like a stronger economy. But the numbers we said and quoted back in March are numbers that will still see as achievable.
D. Scott Davis: Bill, I think that the good thing is that the formal talks begin soon, but even better thing is that we've been communicating regularly since the last contract. And the competition committees that we have set up with the Teamsters and our own people, we address all the issues very frequently. So we look at competitive aspects. I think all the issues that are impacting us and the Teamsters have been on the table already. When we get to the formal talks here in September, I think it's -- nothing is going to be a surprise of what's going on here. So I'm very optimistic that there's no surprises on either sides as we get together in September.
D. Scott Davis: But to your point, Bill, the world is a lot different than it was 5 years ago. So that certainly is part of the talks.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Great, Tom. I think you're right on target with that. As you know, we've been wrestling and working through the International trends for the last couple of quarters. Frankly, the velocity of the declines, being double digits in Asia both to Europe and U.S., were a little higher than we anticipated, but we have been in the process of making network changes and expect another 10% to come out during the next quarter. So we feel like we've pretty much caught up to the changes in International, and that's why we're actually guiding for profit improvements in the second half of the year. The weakening environment in the U.S. and, most notably, with the B2C trends is a little more recent. Frankly, we began to see that get more notable in the second quarter. So we're a little bit behind as far as the time schedule on that. And so there is probably a quarter, maybe 2-quarter lag for us, really, to fully implement the changes, and that's really the top priority right now.
Kurt P. Kuehn: No. Probably most notable is within products going from, perhaps, an express to an afternoon delivery, the Saver and our Next Day Air. In Europe, we've seen significant trade down from our transborder express to transborder standard, although we have seen a few structural changes on some of the global exporters, perhaps moving away from express, moving freight movements and then distributing them once they get across the border. Clearly, we have products like Trade Direct to help address that. But this is a period, I think, when we're seeing companies try different things. I don't think it's been hugely material, but there is some mode shift and some speed changes.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. I think kind of a soft landing maybe is the best way to think of it. We've seen -- we were very pleased and a little surprised that the demand have picked up in the fourth quarter and burned through the second -- or the first quarter. We saw over the course of the quarter, and really into July, just a gradual softening, really, with the B2B being the most notable change. That's why you don't see it as much in our aggregate volumes, because the B2C has continued to be very strong with our service offerings. But I think just kind of this continual moderate slowing in the rate of growth and then into the trends that we're seeing.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we saw a little bit of a deceleration, although, frankly, Europe continues to be a good story for us. One of the macro shifts, or at least changes in trends, we are seeing is that the intra-regional shipments within North America, within Europe are continuing to show growth. Intra-Asia continues to show growth, and then the intercontinental shipments are a little weaker. So we're clearly seeing trade-down in Europe, so the premium products are not doing as well. But our trans-European shipments on the standard side are healthy. We have seen some declines on the Domestic volumes within the EU, although some of that is just revenue management activities. But we do see the economic declines a little more in our Domestic segment. But Europe's continuing to trade within itself, and that's why we continue to focus on it, to help Europe become more and more efficient.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. I think on the International side, we've really made the decisions in -- and are making the big network changes, although, clearly, there's a tremendous amount of in-country work that can still be done internationally. It's just they're probably 70% to 80% on the way to getting it done. Domestically, I don't anticipate huge network restructuring, although we are looking at our capacity and usage, both in the air and the ground network, to make sure we're adjusting appropriately. We'll be looking at a typical range of costs, looking at initiatives, discretionary spending, really just making sure we've recalibrated the network. And, Ken, if you really look over the last 3 to 4 quarters, we've seen a pretty dramatic mix shift, volume coming from different areas going to different areas. And so we're looking at this as an opportunity, really, to step back and adjust the network and our expenses to match conditions and, at the same time, as Scott mentioned, also to revisit broadly where we are on the revenue and the management of that, both at the account level and also at the product level. So this is the time in which we're going to take a hard look. We've -- we're teeing up a significant number of initiatives to take a look, given this slow patch that we're in right now, to adjust and reposition ourselves to improve our competitiveness.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I wouldn't lead to any one specific result on that. It's just -- it's been about a year or so since we've really broadened the portfolio and focused on expanding the footprint into the lightweight, migrating into that. So clearly the B2C issues, the product positioning will be important. And then of course, given -- looking at the entire part of the core portfolio will be a part also.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Probably the bigger change in the quarter has been the Domestic outlook. Clearly, the International got a little bit worse than we thought. We thought our export volumes would be up a couple of percent more, and yes, the exports out of Asia really did fall off a cliff. So there were some there, but the more material issue really has been the deceleration in the core Domestic demand and some of the economic conditions I think that Scott has talked about.
Kurt P. Kuehn: We think the pricing environment remains fairly stable and firm, and if you do dissect and decompose the mix changes and the customer size and all of that, the pricing is stable, and we are seeing positive core pricing and base rate increases. So we're not overly concerned on the pricing environment. Although, clearly, if the economy slows more, there'll be, perhaps, a little more pressure. So I think for us it's more just a broad portfolio review and making sure that we're balanced and adapted to where we are seeing demand and adjusting where we're not.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, John, certainly, we've got flexibility, although, frankly, we're down to only 4% of revenue for CapEx this year, and we have been for the last 3 or 4 years. So we're -- we are at historically low levels. I guess the other element, at least, looking out a couple of years, is we just got another 2 years of major deliveries of aircraft. And then after that, we'll be in pretty good shape, we think, for the medium term, at least. So CapEx, we'll -- I wouldn't imagine dramatic changes, although things like vehicles and some facilities, we can react pretty quickly on. So we're generating very strong cash flow. So right now, that's the least of our worries. As we mentioned, we've got $7 billion in cash and marketable securities. Some of that's offset with some short-term liabilities, but we are focused on building the appropriate balance sheet to be able to close the TNT deal, really, without having to go out and issue any long-term debt. So we feel very comfortable with cash flow. One of the attributes, I think, of UPS that makes us unique is, even in tough times, we've remained extremely cash flow positive. So we'll look at capital expenditures. We will reduce the things that aren't essential. On the other hand, you look at investments like expanding Worldport through the midst of the recession. We're also going to continue to do those things that add long-term value no matter what the economic climate is.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Jeff. It is a turbulent period for currency. And although it's funny with us moving towards the TNT closure, we're not sure which way to vote for the euro, frankly. It had a very significant impact on revenue. If you look at -- without currency adjustment, our yields in International were down 2.5%. But if you look on our web schedules at the next page, it shows that if you currency adjust, they were up 2.1%. So that's almost 4.5% impact of currency on our International revenues, and that doesn't include anything on the Supply Chain & Freight. So it is a turbulent period, creating some challenges for year-over-year comps and also for profit planning. We do have some hedges in place that are helping to mitigate the P&L impact, and currency was just a minor negative in the quarter and, frankly, was more or less offset by a slight positive on fuel. So it has not been a big deal so far, although clearly, over the time, as -- if euro stays very low, then there will be some earnings translation impact. On the flip side, we do have a pretty big check to write to complete the TNT acquisition, and a low euro clearly makes that much less expensive in dollar terms.
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's dropped quite a bit. And I think at the time that we announced the deal, it was 1 32, something like that. And so it has dropped almost 10% now, which, certainly, in dollar terms is good news.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, that's a good question, because, clearly, there's -- we are seeing, as I mentioned, some headwinds, especially on the benefit side. We have had a couple of years of good experience on our health care. And just in the last, I'd say, 3, 4 months, we've started to see some trends of increasing expenses, increased number of lives handled per employee as perhaps more people latch onto UPS insurance, perhaps if the second working spouse doesn't have insurance, and some increased experience. So that's the most notable cost change, and we did guide that, that may drive domestic comp and ben up almost 1%. So there is some headwinds on that side. Clearly, that cycles a little bit, and we'll -- we're continuing to evaluate that and work on it. Other than that, I think with the continued focused on productivity, the automation of our operations, the information-driven pickup and delivery that we've got and the focus on lightweight, which certainly drives less direct hours, we should continue to see positive trends. So we're able to manage that in line with comp and -- with volume levels. But right now, at least, I think you have the health and welfare expenses. Pension also, is driving over $100 million this year. And so that is an element that, at least, for the next couple of quarters is going to be an outlier.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Helane, that's good question. I think you almost have to separate the International and the Domestic. Clearly, we have made some fairly significant reductions in the Asia, capacity to Europe and, most notably, to U.S. There is a lag there for planning schedules and all that. We do think that we'll see some uplift in the fourth quarter though. There are some major product launches coming in the fourth quarter, and at least, we do have some optimism that, that Asia export will pick up then. So we'll plan accordingly. And we can react with ad hoc flights and those things, although they're typically not as efficient. We think in the U.S., this has been a gradual process. And so we're adapting, and clearly, we'll be responsive and flexible if the holiday season comes in stronger than planned. But at this point, we're probably erring on the cautious side.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, one of the things, you do have the credit last year of over $30 million because of the real estate transactions. That's the most notable, and in the other-other line anyway, that distorted things a little bit. Other than that, the network's in pretty good shape. Repairs and maintenance are moderated, little bit of increase in depreciation as we've brought in a number of new aircraft. So the only real notable expenses in the other-other part of it is the last year issue, and frankly, we do have some increased expenses that show up in that line, legal fees and some of those things. So your instincts are right that, that's where some of the M&A expenses show up.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. We're continuing to see just great success on that front. The -- I think we're up over 1.5 million unique My Choice customers now that have shipped over 13 million shipments, and it continues to be one that's -- that there's a lot of interest in, kind of a viral issue. Once people start getting used to these proactive notifications, their ability to redirect shipments and just know what's going on, it has been very well received. So that's been a great product offering from the receiver or the buyer. And then we are seeing increased interest, frankly, by some of the high-quality Internet shippers in helping their customers become My Choice members, because it really eliminates a lot of the where-is-my-package phone calls. So it offers a direct savings to Internet companies in support and also increases satisfaction. So we remain very excited about that. It still is a very unique and distinctive offering, and that is a big part of our value proposition these days.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, there is. There is. The -- one of the most frustrating things for any delivery company is when there's a package that needs to have a signature or monies collected and people aren't home. It creates a disconnect. It drives an additional delivery attempt, an added expense, added miles. So with My Choice, people, A, get a prediction of when the package will arrive. And if they want a different time, they can select that for a premium charge or they can redirect it to another location. So there is a direct operating savings also.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Okay, a couple of folder -- a couple of pieces to that one. Clearly, things are weaker than we thought when we developed plans for this year. That 10% reduction was not anticipated. We have -- we were reacting to the slowdown that began, frankly, about this time last year. We seem to be jinxed with July business trends. And so we had implemented that first 10% reduction, and most of that was in reduced frequencies, maybe 4 days a week rather than 6, that kind of a thing, in some cases, for cargo and for our deferred products, we can catch up to those during the off days. This latest series of reductions has been a tough decision for us, because we have to adjust our costs. But on the other hand, as many of you have mentioned, with an anticipated product cycle that may drive capacity, we've got to be ready for it. So we had not anticipated those reductions, but we've gone through and we still really -- we've held service fully intact across the continents. So it's not that we've made dramatic changes in customer experience, but we may have gone from 3 or 4 flights from a given airport down to 2 or 3. So once again, it's more reduction in the service frequencies and the number of flights, but we are getting pretty tight. We're taking our network down to -- beginning to get to the -- close to the point where we were at the low time in 2009. So it is -- we're fairly lean right now. On the other hand, given the fact that we do expect to see some uplift in the fourth quarter, we're in position for that, making sure we have the assets and can react accordingly. On the tech side, yes, we do expect product launches. We've talked to some of the major OEMs then, so that's all built into our plans, and one of the reasons why, frankly, we are looking for stronger profit improvements in Q4 as compared to what will likely be a challenging Q3. Especially with Europe in August and the weak conditions in Europe, we think this will be a pretty soft August.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. But clearly, we have to work together to adapt and change, and it will not be a business-as-usual discussion. And so we're looking creatively for ways to allow UPS to grow, and we've seen great examples of that and, at the same time, also allow us to be able to generate profit improvements. We just don't talk about the details in public. But as Scott said, we think the environment's very productive. We talk about both the opportunities and the problems we face and do expect things to be favorably resolved.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think the package environment looks relatively stable. We have seen some volatility, I guess, in pricing on the Freight side and some of the heavy lift of the large shipments. You've got to separate the wheat from the chaff a little bit on capacity increases and see how much is going on. So we don't see huge amounts of capacity being added to the network, no matter what the press releases say, and we think the market's pretty rational.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, clearly, Freight yields right now are weaker. You saw that in our Forwarding revenues, that rates are lower right now on the Forwarding and on the cargo side. Our forwarder, though, has operated very effectively. As I said, we had peak margins for Supply Chain & Freight this quarter. I know that there's a lot of other big stuff going on, but that has been a great process for us, and we're on both sides of the equation. We see as -- having an airlift, the package environment is stable. But cargo and Freight rates are certainly weak, but then our forwarder has been able to capitalize on that and generate the -- really, the best margins we've seen.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Ed, you're right. That's yet another business that we haven’t had a chance to chat about it. I guess we're getting too diversified. No, Freight had a strong quarter on the profit side. We had mid-single-digit margins with significant improvements over last year. We have seen growth moderating in the industry, and clearly, we were fairly disciplined on the pricing and volume that we targeted. So we do think that the industry is slowing a bit, but we've been very pleased by the productivity, some of the operational technology we're putting in. And so a good, solid quarter for the Freight side, but not -- it's not a super exciting time, we think, for shipment growth.
