David P. Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome. We're pleased to share results of another solid quarter and I want to thank the UPS team for their efforts. This is the second consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, which demonstrates we are successfully executing and generating improved performance. UPS grew operating profits and expanded margins across all three segments. In the U.S., we remain focused on growing the business, effective revenue management and delivering operational improvements. Although, the economy slowed somewhat we made progress on executing our plan. Our International segment continues to have positive momentum with our operating profit, up more than 17% primarily led by strong results in Europe. Our ongoing investments and integrated operating model are driving increased customer demand around the world. Our Supply Chain & Freight segment also had a solid increase in operating profit. The result was led by Forwarding as it continues to pursue a disciplined pricing strategy across key trade lanes. Clearly, we're making good progress this year. We're highly focused on executing our strategy to create unmatched value for UPS customers and UPS shareholders. We will accomplish this by continuing to build on the strategies guiding our business. They are: expanding our network capacity; improving operational efficiency; focusing on high-growth markets; and delivering industry-specific solutions. In the area of expanded network capacity, we made key announcements during the quarter. In Germany, we doubled the capacity of the UPS hub in Nuremberg. This automated facility is ideally situated to link Eastern and Western European trade lanes. We announced an expansion of UPS Worldwide Express Freight service, adding five emerging markets in Latin America and three in Europe. This guaranteed services designed for urgent, high-value and heavyweight international shipments. In another high-growth market, UPS implemented several enhancements throughout Asia to improve service coverage and network speed. The moves accelerated intra-Asia transit times by up to one full day connecting 41 key markets. These improvements will position UPS to further capitalize on the fast-growing intra-Asia marketplace. We continued to make good progress expanding UPS industry-specific solutions. To broaden our global Healthcare network, we announced two new facilities in the Netherlands. These new sites add capacity and simplify customer access to our global distribution network. We also opened an automated distribution facility for Pratt & Whitney in New Hampshire. This facility is a great example of how we collaborate with Aerospace companies by offering specialized solutions that provide them with competitive advantages, while these investments help UPS grow strategic acquisitions, speed the implementation of new capabilities across our global network. In fact, UPS Capital recently acquired two specialized high-value logistics companies, Parcel Pro and IPS. They enhance our global small package network for secure shipment and insurance solutions for high-value goods in Europe, Asia and the U.S. Another great example of acquiring capabilities in one region and implementing them globally is our purchase of Kiala, which we have referenced in the past. We've refined and improved this unique e-commerce delivery solution and launched it globally as the UPS Access Point. In the U.S., we had very positive results in five initial markets. Today, I'm excited to announce we are accelerating the rollout of this delivery option to more than 100 U.S. cities. By year-end, we'll have more than 8,000 locations in the U.S. and more than 22,000 globally. The UPS Access Points location provide a convenient and secure alternative to home delivery in order to enhance the e-commerce delivery experience for consumers. This is an important part of our strategy to offer unique customer solutions and improve e-commerce profitability. Before I turn it over to Richard, I would like to applaud the passage of the U.S. Trade Promotion Authority bill. TPA will help facilitate trade agreements that provide growth opportunities for UPS and our customers. We all know that trade is vital to the U.S. economy, supporting global growth and spurring job creation. I understand the negotiators are making headway on the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. We urge them to resolve final outstanding differences and for the U.S. Congress to approve the agreement. We also encourage negotiators to make progress on TTIP, another critical agreement that will enable international trade. To summarize, I'm pleased to say that we're on track with our earnings growth and pace of investment. Based on our recent performance, we fully expect to attain the higher end of our guidance range. Our progress to-date, especially in the International segment, makes us confident in our strategic direction and four-year plan. Richard will now take you through the details.
David P. Abney: This is David. Alan talked about the tough comps. You just have to look back and if you look at two years ago and compare what our volume is today, you actually see an increase of 9%. It's just that when you compare them to the comps of last year that you get a little bit different perspective. So, good question. Thank you. And, operator, we're ready for the next question.
David P. Abney: This is David. Everyone in our organization is focused on making sure that we have a good peak for investors, customers, and employees. And we absolutely felt like that we're on track and where we need to be at this time. And we're focused on where we need to go between now and peak. So, thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: And one of the reasons that we're so confident, and this is David, is that the unique solutions that we continue to focus on that are going to help us not only during peak season, but throughout the year to remain competitive and to provide the value to our customers that are looking for Access Points, I think, is a great example that we get the benefits during the year. And this is something that started on an acquisition that we did a few years ago in Europe and now we're implementing it across the U.S. in over 100 cities. And these Access Points combined with UPS My Choice just gives us a real differentiator to offer the marketplace. So, thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: From our Supply Chain & Freight perspective overall, we are seeing good growth and had a good quarter. And we've got a good focus and expect that we will continue to see good results. Thanks.
David P. Abney: Okay. I'll take the second part of the question about the economy and then turn it over to Alan. So, we have talked about seeing B2C, the pace slow down just a little bit. We don't at all want to leave people, though, with the impression that B2C is not going to continue to grow. And it is, but just the pace of growth has slowed just a little bit. And the other part from the industrial, the manufacturing side, we've seen four quarters of increase from the manufacturing sector; but really this quarter, we saw that, I was going to call it even, but it was just a slight decrease. So, that's one of the reasons that we're a little cautious about the remainder of the year in the U.S. We just want to see if the manufacturing sector rebounds. I'll turn it over to Alan for the first part of your question.
David P. Abney: Hey, Matt, this is David. Because of the time that most of these e-commerce orders are made which is later in the afternoon we're really seeing much more of a demand for giving our retailers, especially those with an omni-channel network, giving them late pick-ups and then giving them local delivery the next day. And we've seen a lot of interest there and that's part of our business is growing and we expect that that will continue to grow at a pretty rapid rate. Thanks for the question.
David P. Abney: This is David. I would talk about the full truckload brokerage, we do have an existing business that's part of our UPS Freight business. And we do have asset-light businesses today that are part of this broad portfolio. As far as speculating where we may or may not want to go with that business, especially as it may or may not be anything that I'd say would be tied to rumors that are out there, that's really as far as we can go, that we have an existing business. And we just like any other part of our business expect to grow that business. And thank you for your question. I appreciate it.
David P. Abney: Yes. I would just like to close with a couple of things. One, very pleased that all three of our business units met planned performance or exceeded it and led to the results that we got to talk about today. We are clearly moving in the right direction to achieve our year-long financial objectives. And we do see strong international momentum and we do have confidence that we're going to hit the upper end of our guidance range. Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, Nate, a couple of things to keep in mind. Remember back in the second quarter of 2014, we've got some tough comps. We had some of our best Ground growth in 2014 for the second quarter, up above 8% growth. So, when you look at the two-year growth comparison, we're up about 9% versus 2Q 2013. Also, we had a very large catalog shipment last year that was about a 50 basis point positive impact on the second quarter last year. While the overall growth issue was just shy of 2%, we've had some really strong Deferred Air growth at 14% and even with lapping some 60% year-over-year growth on SurePost, for the first half of 2014 we still had excellent SurePost growth at 8%. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. So, on the Ground you can see the RPP showing plus a little over 1%. And what you've got there is a fuel surcharge drag of a couple of hundred basis points that's putting a drag on that as well as the large customer versus small customer mix. And obviously, we're growing our SurePost faster than our Ground residential. And then you've also got the omni-channel there, where we've got some shorter zone. But, on the base rates, we are absolutely at the high-end of the 2% to 3% range and our tactics of creating value for customers along with the revenue management associated with the GRI, dim weight and other value-added asset stories are all working. And we're obviously very, very pleased with the yield. As far as peak goes, we're certainly focused on improving the residential profitability year-around. And like I said, we're at the higher end there, the 2% to 3%. And that's going to have an impact on residential and peak. And we are going to continue to address peak on a customer-by-customer basis, really understanding what their needs are, the value of the solutions and market conditions and price them accordingly.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, Ken, hey. This is Alan. I'll take that. We're certainly, we're about where we thought we would be. We think the economy was certainly slower for sure. The B2C pace, I think the secular trends are still in place; although, it is slow again, you've got to remember we had those tough comps from last year. I'd also say that, on the B2B side as a demonstration of e-commerce, the omni-channel and the returns are still very, very strong.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. The U.S. market has always been competitive, but I would tell you that where we're seeing the growth right now in the e-commerce area, nobody has a better solution out there than UPS with our e-commerce ecosystem, whether it's omni-channel or synchronized delivery solutions, returns, our SurePost and SurePost Redirect, UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point that Myron talked about. So, we're real confident in our ability to achieve our plans from both a top and bottom-line perspective.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, hey. This is Alan. Look, as we all know there was a number of retailers out there that had a number of similar events. And we're actually excited about this innovativeness that's going to continue with e-commerce. It obviously drives significant small package growth and redefines how business is done. And UPS will benefit and continue to benefit from those type of promotions. And certainly, our ability to develop the solutions that I talked about earlier with our e-commerce ecosystem gives us the ability to flex our integrated interoperable network to support those kind of promotions very cost-effectively. The last thing I'll say is that I think it's also a demonstration of the potential to drive and shift demand that there's going to be some definite new learnings from. For example, we've talked on prior calls about the U-shaped volume between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And certainly, if we can better level that working with our retailers, that's going to help out our retailers and UPS alike. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, Matt, this is Alan. We've been in the same-day market for about 20 years on the B2B side with our Express Critical and Forward Stocking Location network primarily aligned to high-tech and Healthcare. As you know, there's a tremendous amount of innovation going on in the retail e-commerce space including same-day. And we all know why that is, is because retail is expected to grow four times the GDP. We saw an announcement this morning about one of the operators closing down their same-day operations. And quite frankly, I think we all know that the challenge is having a valid economic model for low-cost shipping offers. Currently, the same-day free e-commerce has challenges with consolidating density on single piece stock economics that create profitability issues. So, we continue to monitor the space and look for cost-effective solutions that are profitable that can serve the needs of our retailers.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So, when we think about the acquisitions, we look at not only how the business stands alone, but also as we integrate into our business what it does? And so, obviously, over time what happens with our acquisitions is that the ROIC becomes closer to the characteristics of the UPS ROIC as it expands the capabilities David talked about. And such as Kiala, where it started out as a standalone with a very small ROIC, and now its value to the UPS network is much greater. So, we look at it is growing it into the UPS network, also increases and is important to the acquisition – it takes on the attributes of our financial discipline as well. Thanks for the question.
Richard N. Peretz: Jeff, this is Richard, thanks for the question. You know when we think about investing in our network, we think about the long-term benefits and we think it's important that we continue to manage this network and the highly integrated parts of the network for the long term. And so, as we look at what's happening with volume, there might be little tweaks; but overall, we're adding capabilities and enhancements that are going to help our customers for the long term. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz: Okay. And on the second half of the year, our guidance really is at the higher end of our, where we expect it to be and it's really driven by the fourth quarter that you mentioned; but in the third quarter, there's some tough year-over-year comps. In the third quarter, we had a very high earnings per share, 14%. We talked about the volume that drove that and there were some wage deflation productivity improvements and we expect some of that to continue, but there was also a true-up of workers' comp with a credit and we just don't think the credit will be quite as large in the third quarter. And so, when you put them together, we're growing our profits in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And we expect to hit the high end of our guidance.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. First, we'll talk about the currency hedge. One of the things we talked about in previous calls as well is that we took a multiyear approach to the hedge. We really did that as the currency was at the $1.35, $1.33 range. So, we have coverage on the currency all the way through the end of 2016. And because of that we don't think there's an impact that you should be thinking about on that. In terms of the fuel and the net fuel, when you think about fuel there's a lot of ups and downs, but the bottom line is it's almost neutral to the profit line. There is a slight drag in the domestic in the second quarter, but it's not enough to really talk about at this point. But overall, our fuel surcharge is meant to be a natural offset to the changing volatility of fuel prices, so that it's taken into account.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure, this is Richard. What we have guided to for the next six months is that the operating profit in International would be at the high end of the range that we've given at 6% to 12%. And that's what we expected in the guidance and was in my talk.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Tom, this is Jim. I'll pick that one up. I think, obviously, the last couple of days in the market have been unique, to say the least. I think we look at that, though, as really more of a domestic phenomenon as opposed to really aligning to our business. We still are firmly in the export-import business in China. Most recently, we're up about 5% to 6%, we continue to focus on the middle market. And so, we continue to be in China for the long-term. So, really those factors that are going on as they moved to more of a domestic GDP consumption, we have to keep an eye on it, but our business is aligned to grow almost regardless of that through the import-export and the Supply Chain and Forwarding business. So, that's the kind of what we look at it right now.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Okay, Kevin. It's Jim. So, first let me start with the overall Forwarding results are really balanced. I'll get to the IAS specific in a second. But, when you look at the North America Freight network, ocean brokerage, NIF, they all had really solid quarters for us. We've told you guys back in 2014, we'd come into this with a very focused go-to-market strategy of the right tonnage, the right customers, and our balanced network. We did that. With specifics to the market right now, what's going on is from the way we see it, we got about 12% more capacity in the market than we thought. What that does is drop, obviously, the buy rates and it opens it up a bit. We think that will last about three more months, maybe two-and-a-half months as we come up into the retail peak season. At that point, we'll continue to adjust, but we did get some tailwinds. I would say, the majority of the results are really kind of because of the right focus, the right customers and the right tonnage in the network, the balance of that is some tailwinds on the market.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Yes. I'll start with that. So, let me just say this. We talk a lot about Europe, but we also over the last year-and-a-half have really done some good work in Asia as well, largely around our intra-Asia network. David made some of those references in the opening comments. But, we really had to kind of get that intra-Asia network built up, after we built it to the right place and the team's done a great job. Europe continues to do very well. So, really, the Asia-Pacific that has intra-Asia and the trunks back to Europe and U.S. are performing very nicely. Europe, as we've said, it's about a balanced mix of product mix, yield mix, and then cost management on the back of the capital that we've talked about and putting an extra $1 billion of capital into that part of the UPS network. So, it's really a combination of those two. And then, I would say, at the same time, I would ask you not to lose sight of, as these results come out, we're also taking advantage of actually investing in emerging markets and continuing to expand as we said in opening comments, in some of the other capabilities. So, we're kind of blending it all together and that's kind of what you see in the bottom line results.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Yeah, Allison, the only thing I would remind you and come on the back of that was what I just mentioned a minute ago, and that is that we come at this with a very targeted approach. Last year, we grew effectively tonnage almost double-digits quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter, which obviously hits the top line. This one has been much more muted. It's about flat tonnage, year-over-year. But the product mix and the tonnage we're bringing in, you can see how it affects the bottom line as well. And as I said, or we talked about, that buy rate, we figure is down about 7% where we thought it would be coming into the year. That translates also to the bottom line and I've spoken how we see that going forward. So, that's kind of how we manage the results.
James Jay Barber, Jr.: Yes, Scott, it's Jim. The Mail Services, as most of these products are designed to do is provide a solution to a customer that the other products in the portfolio don't. Obviously, it's, if you will, an asset-light business that we're glad we're in it. We'll continue to invest in it the right way. We've got a lot of customers that are using all of our products. And so, it's not one product versus the other. But obviously, we have the SurePost on the other side as well as Mail Innovations. But, it's a product that we are glad to be in and we plan to continue to invest in it and it just complements all the other products that we have for our customers.
Myron A. Gray - President: So, Chris, this is Myron. We're certainly on plan as it pertains to operations. Earlier Alan alluded to Access Points, so we're going to deploy them in over 100 cities and we'll have over 8,000 Access Points by the end of the year. It's a win for the customer, for the companies, and certainly for UPS as we'll be able to drive delivery density. Along with that, we'll continue to deploy operational technology at a faster pace. We'll have over 70% of our drivers deployed on ORION by the end of year. There are 10 projects that we certainly are addressing that either allude to hub modernization, automation or expanded capacity. And our flow-through at the end of peak season will be enhanced by over 6%. And then we're also going to, as I've alluded to before, tighten up operations. We'll extend our drivers' delivery day a bit and will not use as many drivers as we've used in the past to lower our costs. So, we're on plan and we're pleased with where we are today.
Myron A. Gray - President: So, as Alan alluded to earlier, we've been collaborating with our customers since the beginning of the year and this is much even earlier than what we've done in the past. So, we're certainly going to stay close to what their projections are and we'll flex the system based on what we believe the volume pinch points may be. I also alluded to the projects that we have in place this year to expand capacity and if you'll remember last year, our pinch points were network-related and not delivery-related. So, we'll flex our drivers based on the capacity that we see and we believe that these expansion and capacity projects that we have in place will improve our flow through to the point that we can control our costs. Thank you.
Myron A. Gray - President: Good morning, David. This is Myron. Overall, as you know, the U.S. Freight market is down 1.5% to 2%. However, our base rates and bottom line continues to be supported by a disciplined strategy, which is our focus on the middle market. So, the average tonnage was down, but revenue per ton continued to actually grow because of rate actions that we're taking on some lower yielding customers. And we see it coming through in our business, so we're actually pleased with where we are.
