Richard N. Peretz: Sure. This is Richard. And I think we should start by saying that when we look at 2017, we're early in an investment cycle as we transform the network into the smart global local logistics network. This quarter, we did have some costs that we weren't expecting and we called those out on both in my talk and in this press release, but there was about $35 million that was driven by almost 5 million square feet of development of new buildings that currently under construction and the Saturday operations. But when you put all that together, we still expect to have leverage this year. We knew that some of the startup costs would be early in the year. And the other important thing to remember here is that we did see a pause in consumer demand in February. Fortunately, March came right back and we're seeing the same trends in April. So we still expect that what we talked about at the Investor Conference and continues to see slight improvement, we'll continue to see in 2017.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. Tom, as I had mentioned a moment ago, we still expect to see leverage. We knew going in that the startup costs for Saturday would be a little heavier in the first quarter because you have to put the investment in, in order to get the customers to bring in the volume that they need delivered on Saturday. And when we think about Saturday, we're thinking about not just deliveries, but we looked in Saturday operations because we are also doing pickups, which will actually leave sometime in transit for some of our customers. So when we put the year together, we do see an improvement in margin. We see leverage coming. We did know the first quarter, you would have more of the startup costs. But we also understand that through the year, we're investing to create the network and transform it and we're going to see that happening through the year, but we're also going to see revenue coming in to offset it. So I would look at the first quarter as being an example of how the margin looks. I would look at it as the dollar amount of investment is something that we will continue to have, but you'll see revenue continue to grow as well.
Richard N. Peretz: So the question around the currency-neutral is there is an accounting standard as how you have to state those. And the accounting standard is that you use the last year because that's a published number. And so, what you'll see there is that's restating this year to last year. So for your models, you probably need to talk with Scott, but you would actually probably do it slightly different than what the accounting standard is. But the most important thing is, is that when you look at the International business, it's really a story of what we've seen the last two years. Jim talked a minute ago about the broad-based growth in Supply Chain and we're seeing the same thing in the International business. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Jim to talk about.
Richard N. Peretz: Yeah. When you think about the potential of a blockchain, we see a tremendous amount not just in the areas Jim talked about, but also even in how customers and suppliers – our customers who are fulfilling transact. And so we do think there's a lot of potential there. And that's one of the reasons that David actually created the Advanced Technology and Engineering Group is to make sure we stay in front of the latest in technology, figuring out where the best business uses are. Sometimes there'll be many. We may start with one and then apply it differently across the entire network. So we are watching that very carefully. And between our Advanced Technology Group as well as our Strategic Enterprise Fund, we will find where the best use is, but one of the things we have to make sure is the right and proper controls in the ownership of the data that's there before we can start putting it into the integrity of our systems.
Richard N. Peretz: Danny, this is Richard. I think the first thing that – when we're looking at the use of capital, we try to think about what's the best use given all the different opportunities in front of UPS to continue to grow the business. So, of course, with our high return on invested capital, our first goal is to reinvest in the business, grow the profits, and for the next three to five years, we did call out a higher CapEx. We also think it's important to have a strong return to our investors, and we have called out that our dividends are 50% to 55% of net income and that still is a priority. And then we've kind of given you a range on the buybacks between $1 billion and $1.8 billion. And the reason we gave the range was because as opportunities are created, we have to make sure we're evaluating what's in the best interest long term for the investors. Continuing to harvest the return on invested capital, growing the base, creating more value while returning to the shareholders. So, as we get through this next cycle, we'll see what new opportunities come and we'll make the appropriate decision. And through that process, we'll continue to do what we've always done and that's share it with our investors.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. When we look at how we're doing and what we're doing today, we are investing in the network and we're not investing in the network for the next quarter or the next year. It's really about generationally and about the long term. There has been a fundamental shift in how our market has been created for small package. The time period you were talking about, you can go back and you'll see there was a much larger B2B. The number of people buying online was much lower. And so, our market is expanding, but the way people are receiving merchandise is different. And we're preparing this company and our network to make the adjustments for that. And then the other thing that I don't think we expected to see the last few years was really how slow IP was. Now, we do see IP starting to recover, but we're also balancing that with a lot of brick-and-mortars redoing their model and adjusting. So, it's really about the investment, getting to $800 million to $1 billion in savings and avoidance we called out. And we think over the long term and as we complete the transformation of the network, you'll see that all of the efforts we put in not only bring back the return on invested capital at the highest in the industry, but the margins are appropriate as we have guided at the Investor Conference as well.
Richard N. Peretz: So I'll take the first part of the question around the fire and then I'll pass it off to Jim to talk about the distribution question. But Ravi, if you look at what we put out and I think when you see this quarter, we tried to give as much transparency as possible and full visibility to the onetimes, what was happening with fuel as prices change and increase as well as what was going on with the currency. But at the end, you can kind of pretty much figure that the big change in both the weather and the fire combined was about $20 million, and that could be laid out based on the math that we have there. And those were things we weren't (53:32) at the same time, we had another benefit in the tax that kind of offset that. But at the end of the day, those two combined kind of wash out. But the fire wasn't something we expected. The operation has made all the proper repairs. The building is back open, and the businesses continue to run in that facility. But it was something that we did feel like we need to call out.
Alan Gershenhorn: Hey. This is Alan. I just want to add that I think we reported back in the fourth quarter that B2B growth was negative. And while it was still slightly declining in the first quarter, it came – the quarter-over-quarter results are really big improvement and we saw that across more of the industry segments. Rich did mention that the brick-and-mortar slowed down, but we've got a great strategy moving forward to bring B2B back to positive. David talked about dangerous goods expansion. We've got some great things going on in healthcare, and certainly, the returns portfolio continues to generate great B2B.
Alan Gershenhorn: Hey, Chris. This is Alan. Thanks for that question. Yeah. Look, I mean I think the pricing actions that we discussed on the last call were certainly visible in this quarter's results and we also generated some good volume growth with Next Day Air up 4%, Deferred up over 4%, and ground over 2%. The first quarter, U.S.-based pricing came in at the higher end of our 2% to 3% range. And some of the things we're doing, the annual GRI, we broadened the U.S. Domestic DIM divisor from 166 to the 139. The additional handling, the overmaxes, the new fuel surcharge, it's all being managed very, very tightly and well and we're very, very pleased with those results. I'd also just let you know on – Richard talked about peak and surcharge pricing that ensures pricing is aligned to cost to serve whether it's peak or in other parts of the year, and we've got a significant focus in that area also. And just a little color there on some of the objectives where we're really looking to set the market expectations for pricing to match the supply and demand. We're looking to cover the additional costs that we incur in those periods that lead up to and including peak as well as other periods of time where volume surges. And we're very, very focused on maintaining and improving the margins during peak. And then bottom line, always ensuring that we're protecting the integrity of the network for our customers with a great service that they've grown accustomed to. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. This is Alan. So, yeah, Coyote is really continuing to see strong year-on-year double-digit growth rates in loads. The UPS customer base is certainly highly predisposed to the truckload services that Coyote's offering. Service levels are really remaining consistently high. As I think most of us know, the truckload market remains soft. We are seeing some signs of tightening, but this asset-light model really does provide great flexibility in the up and down cycles. Synergies are on track. We expect to get about $100 million of that for 2017 and we're seeing them across the board in procurement, backhaul, asset utilization, cross-selling, and some of that's dropping obviously to the Domestic and Supply Chain/Freight segments. The last thing I'll say is that we've landed on the European continent with our Freightex acquisition where we're really excited about that. And we've expanded into Mexico also in addition to Canada. So we're really excited about taking the European – or the Coyote model abroad and things are going very, very well. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. Brian. This is Alan. Yeah. I think that one of the takeaways from the Pulse of the Online Shoppers are that the consumers want to get their packages when and where they want to when they're ordering online. And that program you talk about, the base of that program has been out there for quite some time and now, folks are beginning to put promotional programs around that model and that will drive potentially more ship-to-store type of volume for UPS, which is certainly B2B, which is great business for us. We're really focused on what the needs and the wants are of these consumers that we can tailor our services for the retailers so that they can win. And that really comes back to our omnichannel strategies which have ship-to-store – ship-from-store, store-to-store, our returns portfolio, along with UPS Access Points and My Choice. And I think Saturday deliveries and Saturday operations with pickup is just another great example of how we're working to build that e-commerce value stack to make sure that we're capturing share in that particular piece of the market profitably.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. Look, we're certainly excited to have been awarded that shipping contract for the next five years. The contract is for small package global shipping and custom services and covers the U.S. Military and a host of other government agencies. And it will commence in the fourth quarter of 2017. We're actually one of the leading providers to the U.S. government today, and this enables the U.S. government to continue receiving the value they get from those UPS services. And it's also going to provide us with some significant opportunities to grow our business with the U.S. government, while helping them create better efficiencies and value for them and their customers. So we're really excited about that opportunity. Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. I would just start out by saying that when you look at really our whole UPS e-commerce value stack, almost everything we're doing there has a component of creating synthetic density, while at the same time, providing great value to the retailers and the consumers that enjoy those services. We all know about SurePost and SurePost Redirect, and Redirect was up about 10% for the quarter year-over-year, quarter-to-quarter. Some of the other services like UPS Access Point where the shipper from their web portal can direct their consumers to UPS Access Points, both for their convenience or for the retailer to achieve a lower cost, while UPS ends up with a more profitable shipment. They can also – on 35 million now My Choice users are redirecting a lot of their packages to these access points and then, obviously, our not in ones, when we miss you at home, we're redirecting those to access points. So that's kind of, like I've said before, the Swiss Army knife of getting consumers' deliveries in a profitable way. We're rolling out about 300 lockers in the U.S. We've already got 200 of them out there and they're another way for us to make that synthetic density. And you've heard us talk about SDS, Synchronized Delivery Solutions, where the match is created before the package ever leaves the shipper. And then last, but not least is returns, which we're going to continue to drive. We've just added Optoro to our industry-leading returns value proposition, and that's going to enable customers to optimize the value for disposition of those returns goods. And then last, but not least is that the – one-tenth of a piece per stop on delivery density increases our operating profit by $200 million. So we're extremely focused on continuing to drive this synthetic density.
James Jay Barber: Sure, Jack. It's Jim. On the Forwarding businesses, as we kind of opened with some of the opening comments, this is a really good quarter for us in Supply Chain & Freight all around. Specifically, in the Forwarding business, though, I think most of us would recognize the last couple years have been challenging and I think we used that as an opportunity at UPS to look at the business, restructure a bit, work on some overheads, and take a look at segmentation in the market and go at it differently. And what you saw then in the first quarter was about a year-and-a-half's worth of work and we see it continuing, quite frankly. We're looking at really strong growth in the middle market that is important for the mix. In that product offering, we've got balance across air freight, ocean and North America as well all growing double digits. So a very, very balanced distribution in Forwarding with bottom-line profitability approaching 20% year-over-year growth. So, we don't need a bunch of top line growth; we need just the right growth in the model for it to produce in a UPS forwarding unit. And so, we're pretty pleased with the first quarter.
James Jay Barber: I think, Scott, you also wanted to kind of touch on pricing in Forwarding. I would say that there was an event in the first quarter in the Asia market with about 20% of the capacity coming out of Shanghai market when five air carriers were put down with about 50 segments a day. So that actually allowed us and others to actually tighten up and focus on the margin and the pricing a little bit stronger. And it also saw business move from forwarding into small package and back and forth. So, with respect to in the first quarter and the pricing in flat environment of Forwarding, I would say it was the best for us in about two years. Our great margins continue to go way up, the bottom line continues to expand. We'll continue to do that. And we'll talk more, I think, in the upcoming calls about pricing in the small package around peak as well. We talk a lot about that in the Domestic market, but International has a role and responsibility to play there as well and we're evolving and maturing in that segment as well. So we'll talk more about that as we approach peak.
James Jay Barber: Sure. I would say, Ben, the whole Hyperledger that sits beneath it does have application in many parts of our business. And I think, obviously, we had questions – David had so far – about some of the investments and other ones we're looking at and how we speed those up. There is a rhythm to this, obviously. We are the world's largest customs broker. That's a big business that it needs to be innovated and blockchain is one of – along with the likes of artificial intelligence, and obviously, we've got the Trade Facilitation Agreement that now has come across under World Trade Organization. So, yes, it's in there. It's in many pieces of our business, including other parts of Forwarding. We don't want to get too far – ahead of ours skis here and talk about it today on the call. But I think as it evolves and we put more of it in the market, we'll point to that in the calls and how it's really impacting both customers and the bottom line of business. And I think Rich has a couple comments as well.
James Jay Barber: So, David, I guess before I go right to the answer, I want to kind of drop back because I think for us, internationally, this was a pretty unique quarter for us. It was what I consider the culmination of a couple years of work and it's got long runway ahead of it to continue. We talked a little bit about this at the conference – I did, specifically – investment conference in February about the flywheel effect, and that's exactly what's going on in the business right now. It's the combination of the right investments in the network over the last couple years. We put some new governance models in place to run the business in really good opportunity places like the Middle East and North America. We got new partnership models that are running in our emerging markets and really pretty strong senior leadership cadence in International today. I'm pretty – very, very satisfied with that. So we go back to your question on where's the growth, is it economic? Is it the model? I'd say it's 90% model right now in UPS. And the reason I say that is if you look at places like Europe, for instance, we just completed the first quarter and saw over 15% intra-European growth, which is – where most of that piece of the business stays in Europe. That's not economic; that's just a model producing great, great benefits for customers who are choosing UPS at faster and faster rates than they ever had before. So we do see it continuing, we've got the emerging markets going forward as well and we had a really strong quarter in both China and all of Asia Pacific, and it's balanced. Really, if you look at across all of International right now, in my 15 years, I've never seen so many double digits in so many places at the same time. And finally, I think we've got in the new governance model in our U.S. North America export operation, it's starting to move like it hasn't in the past as well. So, I think it's the business model, I think it's leadership at UPS out in the field and also working with Myron's folks in the U.S. as great partners because it has to come in and out of the U.S. at the same time. So, we're pretty pleased with the first quarter and we expect it to continue going forward.
David P. Abney: Well, David, to answer that question, obviously the board and myself, we're always looking for ways to tie in the best interest of the company but also the best interest of the leadership. And so, our compensation packages are highly oriented towards results. The variable pay is a much higher percentage than it is in many companies, and we feel like that we certainly are incenting the right things. Now, we look at it on a year-to-year basis because things do change and when they do, we would make those adjustments. But we focus on the top line, we focus on the bottom line. And one thing that makes our company a little bit different is we incent full results all the way down to the supervisor level. So we have our profit plan and we agree to that. We hold people accountable to it and it goes all the way down to that line supervisor. So, I'm very comfortable that we have it aligned correctly, but thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: Yeah. Thank you for the question. It's quite a bit to that question. So, Richard, why don't you start the first? And then, Jim, if you follow up, I'd appreciate it.
David P. Abney: Okay. Well, I'll start out that question and then we'll go to Richard. But, first, I have to tell you that we look at it a little bit differently than you do. So I appreciate your opinion, but we believe that it needs to be a very balanced approach. We have talked today and Alan shared that we were at the top end of our range that we're looking at the 2% to 3% of increasing our pricing. But he also talked about the surge pricing and what we're going to do there to make sure that our costs are covered, especially during those high points of the year where capacity is tight. So, I don't believe we're putting less emphasis on pricing. I think that we have wrapped up the emphasis on pricing. We have also shared with you that we're going to see positive operating leverage in the U.S. this year. We knew that we were going to have some investment costs at the beginning of the year that would not have as much revenue coming in as it will in the later part of the year. But we really feel the key is we have to be balanced. We have to continue to work on our costs. We want to grow the business. We want to grow it in the right direction and we're putting a lot of businesses in that area, and we're going to make sure that we're pricing right. So, Richard, I may not have given you a lot of wiggle room, but go ahead and follow up on a couple of the things.
David P. Abney: We heard this yesterday and so we're not prepared to quantify what the advantage for us would be. But I can tell you, it would be very, very positive. And we are a high-taxed corporation. We've told you that we expect our rate to be 35% – effective rate 35% this year. So we're very encouraged by what we're hearing. And we know we're early in the process, but we support and have supported for a long time comprehensive tax reform. We certainly felt like the tax rate needed to be lowered. We have competition based in other countries that is paying a much, much less tax rate. And we do believe that a competitive international tax system was extremely important. So, the initial results we got from yesterday, we felt good about it. We look forward to working with Congress and the administration on this legislation, but we think that it will help American companies be more competitive. We think it will drive jobs, and we're very excited about the potential. So thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: And I'll take the second part. This is David and not Jim. But on warehousing and the need for it to be closer, I'll give you a couple of things. First is – and Alan talked about our omnichannel strategy earlier. And we do believe and especially with some of the brick-and-mortar companies, they're looking at how they can compete with large e-commerce companies. And so, working with us on being able to hit the customer the next day or in two days – and we've had a lot of good discussions and we believe that we are the best answer when it comes to those retail solutions that's out there. Another thing, though, that we're certainly seeing progress is these midsized customers, that they really want to be able to compete with that time in transit. They could never build the warehousing in order to do that. So that has been our focus over the last few months and will continue to be is how we can use our available facilities and give these midsized customers very similar coverage to what the larger companies would have, and that would be based on our small package network, but it's based on Jim's distribution and warehousing network. And we see that as a very good opportunity for us and we're continuing to work with our customers in those areas. So thank you for the questions.
David P. Abney: All right. Just a couple closing comments. We're making good progress on our building of the smart global logistics network. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for UPS. We've just seen great performance in International and the Supply Chain & Freight this quarter. You heard that from Jim and from others. We've made it very clear today that we expect U.S. Domestic to have positive leverage in the quarters ahead. That's going to happen by – we're going to continue to increase our effectiveness focusing on technologies, focusing on our processes and procedures, but also focusing on our pricing initiatives to make sure we carry those out. We are transforming and growing this business. We're going to continue to do that, and we have more strategic announcements on the way. And we just like to finish by thanking each of you for joining us on the call. Really appreciate it. Thanks.
