Carol Tomé: Thanks, Ravi, for your question. We're looking forward to the June Investor and Analyst Day, where we will give you much more color on our forward-looking outlook including what we're doing from a productivity perspective. As we think about productivity, we really want to move away from an event, in other words, a transformation event to actually a virtuous cycle. And we're starting that as you see in our results from the first quarter. If you look at our operating performance, we drove productivity in nearly every operating category. And when I think about productivity in the business, it's really about packages per hour. We had improvement in packages per hour in our sort, in our theater, in our hub operations. We saw productivity in our delivery. Our route density improved year-on-year, driven in large part by our ORION technology. So we're going to give you a lot more color as to what we're doing to drive productivity in the business at our Investor Day. One more comment on productivity and that relates to non-operations. What you refer to that Brian? It's transformation 2.0. And at the beginning of the year, we told you we were taking out $500 million of expense in our non-operations area. We're well down the path in that regard. We are on plan and we believe we will deliver that result by the end of the year.
Carol Tomé: Well, maybe I’ll start, Brian, and then turn it over to you. You've heard us talk about our better, not bigger framework. And that's really about optimizing the network. And you saw that take hold in the first quarter with over 63% of our average daily volume growth in the United States driven by small and medium-sized businesses. That was a large contributor to the growth in RPP in the quarter. And when you have a 10% growth in RPP, well, you’re going to leverage the bottom line, and we did just that. So optimizing the network and leaning in to those opportunities of growth that – candidly the revenue quality is better for us, our customers like the offering, the end-to-end network that we present to them, that’s really laying the future for our growth going forward. Coupled with health care, those two growth opportunities are a winning combination. We saw the same opportunity outside the United States too, with great SMB growth, 23% in our International business. So optimizing the network, leaning in to those areas of growth that are most attractive to us and winning in those areas certainly was a big part of the value equation, and it will be a big part of the value equation going forward, but you have to have productivity as well. We want productivity to be a virtuous cycle here. Every day, we should run a better business. And that’s what we’re doing from a cost out perspective. You might just talk about casualty and the real impact that casualty had in the quarter.
Carol Tomé: Yes. So I’ll take the latter part of the question. So our customers are responding to the investments that we made last year to speed up our time in transit, but there is no finish line here. So we continue to invest in time in transit. We are expanding our weekend deliveries. Our Saturday coverage will increase to 90% of the U.S. population by October and we’ll go through the details of this at our June Investor Day. But to let you know what we’re doing, because we’re increasing our weekend delivery because our customers are demanding that. We love our SurePost product. SurePost was about 36% of the ADB growth in the first quarter. But the cool thing about SurePost is that 41% of that product was redirected back into the UPS network, which allows us to get delivery density. So that’s a great way to think about how we can grow Sunday. So we’ll be expanding our Sunday deliveries as well. We don’t have enough time this morning, but we really look forward to the June Investor Conference, because we’re going to talk to you about how by expanding our network across seven days we can actually eliminate some of the lumpiness in the network in the middle of the week. And the lumpiness in the network in the middle of the week is causing some of the productivity deleverage that we see in our business. And if we can flatten out the demand, we can really get some great productivity. So we’ll walk you through that algorithm at our June Investor Day.
Carol Tomé: Yes, we’ll put some expense into the network. We’ll have to have some more drivers. We’ll have to have some more operators, some more package cards, but it’s pretty capital-light, I like that.
Carol Tomé: …rather than a depreciation expense coming off of capital. It’s on the operations expense and we can lever that all day long to get the right revenue quality.
Carol Tomé: Yes. We’re just scratching the surface on what we could do from a growth perspective without putting a lot of capital into the International business by creating what we have in the United States, which is the Digital Access Platform. We’re very excited about introducing that into our International businesses. We really aren’t there today. But our customers in the U.S. want to sell through this platform outside the United States. So we’ll be investing that in a major big way. And there are a number of other efforts underway, Allison. But I hate to keep kicking the can down to June, but we’re going to have Scott talk about all this at the June Investor Conference. So hold type for a little bit, and we’ll give you more color.
Carol Tomé: And as you build your model, I think it's just important, given the year-over-year comparisons and the funkiness of the volume, just expect revenue to grow faster than volumes.
Carol Tomé: And on the International side, as we talked about, our Export business was up in all geographies outside of the United States. As it relates to Europe itself, we had outstanding export volume in the 20%. And our European business is the biggest part of our export business, making up over 60% of our Export business. So Europe really matters to our International performance. I might just comment on the U.K., it's really interesting what we're seeing in the U.K. Our Domestic U.K. business is quite strong. Our Export business out of the U.K. is great, export outside of the intercontinent. But there's been some Brexit disruption, candidly, that we’ve had to work through. We're not alone. Everybody has tried to work through the Brexit disruption, U.K. to the intercontinent.
Carol Tomé: Sure. If we look at delivery density for the quarter, it was down slightly year-on-year, but improved from both the third and fourth quarter of last year. So the sequential trends are good. Clearly, that's a part of the mix change. But we don't want to just rely on the mix change to improve delivery density. We want to be in control of our density or destiny I should say. And so we've got a number of pilots underway to see if we can improve delivery density, and we'll touch upon some of those pilots at our June Investor Day.
Carol Tomé: So as a matter, of course, we have a number of longer-term contracts that come up for renewal every year. And when those contracts come up for renewals, we negotiate through those. And our team, Kate and team have done a masterful job of managing through that, those contract renewals in this very challenging demand environment.
Carol Tomé: It never ends. I mean, every year, there are a number of contracts that come up for renewal because we have staggered maturities. So I think this is a virtuous cycle as well.
Carol Tomé: Well, I don't think it's appropriate for me to talk about the profitability of a product, but we can talk broadly about our health care business, which includes vaccines. And our health care business is very nutritive to the overall business. As Brian commented, we had the best top line and bottom-line performance ever. We do make money on vaccines, as you can appreciate, principally because of the value-added attributes to the vaccines. UPS Premier is a special label that goes on top of the package. The label has a battery inside. So we can track that package wherever it is throughout our network. We stood up a command center to watch that package wherever it is throughout the network. And these are precious vaccines, and we want to make sure they get to their dosing sites on time and we’re able to do that with 99.9% on-time delivery. So clearly, there’s a value add and value is defined by what the customers are willing to pay for. So hopefully, that helps you understand the profitability of that segment.
Carol Tomé: I think, Brian, its [indiscernible] 80% number, the relative number is 90% for all the pension plan.
Carol Tomé: Yes. Long gone are the days when we describe our competitive set as those headquartered in Memphis and those headquartered in Washington, D.C. or those headquartered on the West Coast. And there are lots of players that are coming into the supply chain. And everybody wants a little piece of the pie. And our job is to keep them out of the pie that we want to eat, and we are doing that by investing in the capabilities that the customers matter most. And again, without – I'm sorry to be wasting your time, hopefully not today, but we're going to kick the can down the road one more time because we're going to talk to you about the enabling capabilities that we are investing in at our June Investor Conference to continue to offer the services that matter most to the customers that we want to serve.
Carol Tomé: Our focus on SMB and health care does not take away our desire to grow our large enterprise accounts, which are many large retailers. And if I look at those large enterprise accounts, which we very much appreciate the relationship we have with those customers, they were very growthy. In the first quarter, they grew mid-teens. So that's very growthy compared to what we were up against. So we will continue to invest in that experience as well. But we're really looking at an end-to-end experience and have discovered 16 customer journeys, where we can – based on customer feedback, where we can make improvements; and based on those improvements, get stickiness with those customers. And those customer journeys are as true for our SMB customers as they are for our enterprise customers. And we'll talk more about that at our June Investor Day.
Carol Tomé: Well, I'll tell you the SMB as a percent of total is 27%. So we've shown a nice increase in penetration there. We're delighted with that. And we disclose Amazon at the end of every year, so I think we'll just wait to do that.
Carol Tomé: So we love our commercial business, and we're delighted to see it coming back. When we think about the segments that we serve from a commercial perspective, the largest segment is retail. And as retailers start to open their stores, we expect that to come back in a meaningful way, and that would be a great business for us. So we look forward to the economy continuing to recover and our commercial business coming back as well.
Brian Newman: Hi, Allison. It's Brian. I'll take that. So the one caveat to your question is I would be careful about applying a history to the future. And the reason I say that is that historically we've taken quite a bit of time to get the peak costs from November, December out of the domestic business. Nando in the U.S. operating team did a very good job this year, planning for it and pulling those costs out quite quickly. So the CPP growth was only 2% and RPP was over 10%. So, you had an eight point spread. We're confident the domestic margin is expanding this year. I would just be careful about extrapolating history to the future.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Chris. Look the – taking out of the temporary labor, the rentals, which we returned on an accelerated basis, those were a lot of the reasons. Chris, we were able to do to limit the growth of CPP to 2%. As Carol mentioned, there is a lot that goes into our costs. It’s a combination of non-op and operating. We’re going to continue to drive leverage throughout the system. Is 2% the number going forward? We’re going to have more of a conversation about that in June. So I won’t talk as much about the future, but we were pleased with the performance in the quarter and confident in our ability to continue operating leverage going forward.
Brian Newman: Yes, Tom, so we saw a benefit in casualty. It was about $90 million relative to prior year. And we’re really focused on the accident. Some of that was lapping at some Tier 3 accidents last Q1. But as Carol mentioned, we’re leveraging technology, telematics, to go after the auto frequency and severity challenge that has been in the industry. Additionally, workers’ comp, that’s the other piece that goes into casualty. That’s driven by systemic turnover and training and the teams are really going about our arduous effort to attack that. So those trends don’t turn overnight, but we’re seeing some demonstrated improvement.
Brian Newman: And on the topic of cost takeout, we spent roughly $6 billion in non-op we committed in 2021 and take $500 million out. That’s a start. There will be more next year. In the first quarter, we took $80 million of the $500 million out, which is exactly on our plan. So we’re tracking to deliver that $500 million associated. The big driver of that was about 1,700 headcount that have participated in the VSSP, the voluntary severance separation program. So we’re on-track and committed to the $500 million.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Scott. So I’ll take it. From a trend perspective, April is off to a good start. And your point about B2C and B2B, we’re comping down 22% last year in the second quarter in terms of B2B. So we would expect the commercial side of the business to come back. In the first quarter it was still down 0.6% in the U.S., but in the month of March it was actually up 8%. So there were signs of life that it was coming back domestically. Internationally, we actually posted plus 10% on the B2B side in the first quarter. So as we think about the next quarter, the comps in the U.S. down 22%, give us reason to believe that the commercial side will come back and obviously our density in our commercial side of the business is more attractive than the residential side, so that'll be another positive.
Brian Newman: So Ken, maybe I'll take the first part and Carol can handle the second. From a growth perspective, just picking up on the last comment, yes, we expect positive growth, maybe not the 14% ADB we saw in the first quarter, but certainly positive growth.
Brian Newman: So, yes, most of our measures go into green. The benefit we saw was a combination, Helane of the Central State reversal liability for $5.5 billion. We also had to remeasure the IBT plan at the end of the quarter. That combined with the asset returns was close to another $1 billion, $900 million. So that's the $6.4 billion. So that's a reduction in liabilities for us. The funded status, the IBT plan, will actually be funded at 100%. So that's a positive. And going forward, from a P&L perspective, the P&L benefit aside from the asset base, we'll see about a $50 million reduced service cost on a quarterly basis going forward. So it has both a liability balance sheet impact as well as a P&L benefit. And as far as funded status, we update that when we remeasure based on discount rates. So that moves up and moves down, but clearly, the liability was favorable for us.
Brian Newman: For all pension plans. Obviously, I was talking IBT specific, yes. Yes. So we're still close to 90%, Helane, across all three pension plans.
Brian Newman: Yes, happy to Brandon. So our thought process hasn't changed from a principal perspective. The first allocation of capital will be into the business. Obviously, with the type of returns, the improving domestic business and the growth in international supply chain and health care, we’re going to continue to invest in those businesses. And investments will not just take the form of CapEx. There are new investments in SaaS and capabilities that we're putting in from an OpEx perspective. So we'll do that. We're committed to the dividend. We'll have a capital discussion in the June conference. So I don't want to front run that discussion. And then obviously, improving the flexibility of the balance sheet, which we're making good strides on. And that share repo, we don’t have any plans to repurchase shares currently. But as Carol said on the last call, we'll continue to look and evaluate that going forward.
