Brian Newman: Hi, Jordan, thanks for the questions. So, in 2022, we're thinking ADV, it will probably be in the low single digits, 1.5%. Revenue, we're expecting to be 5.5. As we think about that, SMB mix will continue to grow probably about 150 basis points. So slightly lower than the growth trajectory we saw in 2021, but continue to push, and that drives benefit on the revenue side. Demand surcharges are likely to be fairly flattish, and then fuel is going to be likely not as high as we saw in 2021. The rate, as you know, most of our contracts are locked in for multi-year contracts, so those rates are in place driving the 5.5% revenue growth. On the productivity side, we're going to build on the momentum we saw in Q4. Carol talked about the pieces per hour productivity over 1.5%, very, very favorable. We'll continue those trends and continue to take non-op cost out of the business. So, we feel good about the margin expansion of 50 basis points in the 2022.
Brian Newman: Well, I think, as we think about growing faster than the market, Carol, the DRS we see is remaining elevated. There's been a lot of challenges on the passenger side with the Asia lane. So, we expect, Allison, those surcharges to remain elevated this year. So, while there's an 80 basis point decline in margin year-over-year, 23.6 is actually ahead of where we thought we'd be in terms of the journey here. So, team is doing a terrific job.
Brian Newman: Yes, Ken, happy to talk about the revenue quality. It's been a hallmark of our success and I think underpinning the better not bigger. Look, I think Carol said at the investor conference, if we did one thing, which was get the SMB mix up to 30% that would basically deliver our 12% domestic margin. We were at 26.8% at the close of last year. We have plans to grow that by 150 basis points. We're investing in capability. We're very confident in our ability to do that. So, I like the sustainability from an SMB mix perspective. As you think about rate in the contracts, we're pushing around 60% in terms of renegotiating contracts. So, there is still mileage there to go from a sustainability standpoint. So overall, demand surcharges were elevated last year. So, we're not counting in the plan too much from an increase there. So, I think we feel not only is 2022 in good shape, but we've got room to run in 2023 and beyond.
Brian Newman: Yes, Todd, happy to. So, as we think about the volume, revenue and profit in the domestic business for 1H and 2H, I would tell you that revenue is going to be fairly balanced, maybe a little bit higher than the 5.5 in the second half right around or slightly lower. So, you can count on 5.5-ish as a good metric for the first and the second half in terms of growth rates. And actually, the operating margin of 11.6, I think that's a good number for you to hold for 1H and 2H because that's – from a planning perspective, we're also fairly balanced, might be a little bit softer volume in the first half of the year as we came out of the low retail sales report coming in December. Omicron obviously had a little bit of impact going into January. But overall, low single digit for the full year, we feel good about.
Brian Newman: Ravi, look, the trends on comp and benefit we don't see anything extraordinary. Obviously, from a management compensation standpoint, delivering the targets, et cetera, will fluctuate in terms of the stock comp, et cetera. But we're looking to manage from a management compensation. Carol talked about agility. We're trying to think through from a field perspective manage the labor cost. We have a good handle on the union piece in terms of contractual rates and then we're pulsing MRAs as needed.
Brian Newman: Yes, happy to comment further on the pricing side. So, as we look at 2022, the composition of the roughly 4% RPP growth rate is going to be about 40% of that. As I think I mentioned, we're about 60% the way through with contract renegotiations, mix will be another 30%, and then fuel will actually contribute about 30%. They're all levers that we pull with respect to revenue management.
Brian Newman: Yes, David, happy to comment. So, as you think about the CapEx domestically, we're going to have about – of the $1.3 billion increase in CapEx from 2021 to 2022, 75% of that's going to go into car positions, we've got sortation capacity and tech automation, which Carol was referencing earlier, about 25% will be increasing the amount of vehicles and IT investments. So that's a relative split from a largely a domestic point of view. And in terms of capacity going forward, we're not just relying on capital. We're enhancing the weekend service to provide additional cat capacity, smoothing the days of the week. But we are putting 60% of our capital spend in 2022. The $5.5 billion is going towards growth. We're bringing on 30 delivery centers. We actually have 50 coming online, but 30 in the year. And then we've got a big hub – regional hub in Pennsylvania coming on as well.
Brian Newman: So, Scott, it's Brian. I'm happy to take that. Our return to shareholders in 2021 was $3.9 billion. If you take the dividend and the buyback, that's going up to $6.2 billion this year. That's a 59% increase, pretty healthy. That said, we've declared the dividend. We told you to put $1 billion in your model for share repo. We do have authorization from the board, and we do have ample cash, should we want to get back into the market. So, I would tell you, take the $1 billion as a placeholder, and we'll update you as we go forward.
Brian Newman: From an inflation standpoint, I think we would look for higher growth in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. So, as you think about cost per piece in the U.S. in particular, which is sort of 3-plus percent, I would expect that number to be higher in 1H and slightly lower in 2H with a few moving pieces.
Brian Newman: Yes. I think the free cash flow, Bascome, is going to dip by about $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion from 2021 to 2022. So, as you think about what's driving that, we had prefunded some of our service costs in 2020. So, if you take that $1.7 billion out, it's relatively flattish and I think for the moment, that's a good placeholder. We're throwing off a lot of cash. We're investing in the business to drive operating margin to improve operating cash flow. I don't see a big spike in CapEx anytime soon. If we increase CapEx, it's likely to be for automation to reduce cost, et cetera. But I don't want to get out ahead of my SKUs in terms of the 2023 guide at this point.
Brian Newman: Yes. No, we're very focused on a handful of wildly important initiatives, and that's sort of running the better not bigger playbook, and yes, there is no finish line, so a perpetual flywheel.
Brian Newman: Yes, Scott, good to hear from you. We finished the fourth quarter at 64% B2C. The guide for 2021 is – we'll be roughly in that 60 – low-60s range as we go forward. So, we see it in kind of a low-60s range.
Brian Newman: Thank you, operator. I'd just like to take a minute as we close our call to announce a change within our Investor Relations group. Scott Childress has done an excellent job leading the IR team over the last six years, and I've asked Scott to take on an exciting new role within the finance team continuing to report to myself. Scott will transition his current IR role to Ken Cook, who most of you already know. Scott and Ken have worked together over the past couple of years to ensure a seamless transition. Scott, I know I speak for the entire executive leadership team when I express our sincere gratitude to you on a job well done. I'd also like to welcome Ken into his new role. So, thanks for dialing in today. We look forward to talking to you all soon, and this concludes our call.
Carol Tomé: Maybe just a little more color on the productivity initiatives. Nando is doing – and team are doing a great job there. He's identified 10 key productivity initiatives in 2022, running anywhere from improving cube utilization, and we've already seen some good movement there, but we've got more to do, to basically making sure that we are adhering to our operating standards across the network. Further, we've got more non-ops cost reductions, don't we, and that's all part of our productivity initiatives. So, we feel very good about our ability to leverage expenses as we move into 2022.
Carol Tomé: Sure. Well, I'm super excited about the productivity opportunities we have inside of our business. We're pretty good at what we do, but we can be even better. I think at the third quarter earnings call, we talked a lot about inside operations and how we're going about automating our inside operations. We have about 140,000 people inside of our operations. And through automatic bagging, automatic label application, robotic induction into the small sorts, there is a way to really drive productivity inside of the buildings. We also have an opportunity with the RFID project that we've just kicked off, smart package, smart facility. You can imagine our pre-loaders are manually scanning every package. That's 20 million-plus packages a day that are being manually scanned. That manual scan will disappear with the smart package, smart facilities. So, the opportunities are endless in many ways. To your question about where will the U.S. margin go? We have told you our goal is 12%. Let us get there. We'll ring the bell and then we'll reset it. As it relates to Amazon, as we talked to you at the end of the third quarter, Amazon's revenue surged with us during 2020 as a result of the pandemic. At the third quarter, their revenue as a percent of our total is trending more like what we experienced in 2019. And that's held true for the entire year. Amazon's revenue as a percent of our total for the year was 11.7% compared to 11.6% in 2019.
Carol Tomé: And I was remiss in not mentioning DAP. We've had such success with the DAP here in the United States, and we're taking our DAP platform outside the United States, which will be a driver of growth.
Carol Tomé: And the small package market is expected to grow about 5% in 2022. There is additional capacity being added, but not enough that's going to create surplus. So, the environment supports the firm pricing as we look to 2022.
Carol Tomé: And Brian, I feel terrible. We didn't answer Ben's [ph] questions about peak expectations. We just talked about pricing. So maybe we should talk a little bit about peak because I don't want to lose the opportunity to just give a shout-out to the team for operating in such a really interesting environment, where our volume was higher at the beginning of the quarter than we expected and lower at the end. Our team showed incredible agility to adjust to the market demands. And that's what you should expect going forward, incredible agility. We have built technology that's surpassed in the industry that allows us to react day by day to what we're seeing in the marketplace. We also have a different attitude, I think. So, we're not going to just keep vehicles and planes and people in place, hoping that the volume will come. We're going to react to the market and that really drove productivity. The other aspect of peak this year as we look forward that may not materialize next year, we don't think it will, is the slowdown in December retail sales. That was a function of Omicron and the low inventory to sales ratio and so many other factors. We would expect peak next year from a revenue mix to be more like what we've seen in the past, which is more enterprise business. So hopefully, those two dynamics are helpful as you think about peak of 2022.
Carol Tomé: And there are just a couple of nuances in the quarter when you look at the year-over-year performance. Remember last year, we had an impairment because of freight. So that was on the different line that was on the other expense line. But up on the comp and benefit line. freight had a $245 million impact year-on-year, didn't it? So, you've got to back the freight noise out to understand the real performance and comp and benefits.
Carol Tomé: And in terms of current trends, the first week of January, I'm like, where are the customers? Everybody seemed to be net home because of Omicron, but the business has come back roaring. So, we're feeling really good about the guidance that we've just given.
Carol Tomé: And as we think about the future, we really, over the past 18 months, have really worked to optimize our network and feeling good about that. That gives us the confidence in our ability to grow into the future and add capacity that will be nutritive to the return on capital and to the bottom line. But as Brian said, for our plans for 2022, we are well set to handle the volume that will come our way.
Carol Tomé: So, if we think about longer-term margin, I'd really like to get to that 12% number before we talk about longer-term margin. A year ago, we said on this call and we said we would have a double-digit operating margin in the U.S. and the action was, I don't think you are going to do that. Well, we showed that we could. Let us get to the 12% number, and then we'll come back and tell you where we think we're going to take the company. On the Amazon percentage of total revenue, it's totally a function of where the growth comes from. We have a great relationship with Amazon, and we have mutually agreed about the volume that we should take and the volume that they should keep that works best for both companies. And so, as we continue to lean into SMBs, and healthcare and B2B, you're going to see shifting of penetration, and we'll report that out to you as the time goes by.
Carol Tomé: Well, we've been public on our holiday return estimate, $60 million packages and we're well on our way of meeting that number. Broadly speaking, we've got a really great return process for our largest customer, where recipients of packages from that customer can take them to a UPS store and we'll ship them back. It's a great experience. And as you know, we have over 5,000 UPS store locations. Think about the UPS store as just an extension of our network. I'm very excited about what we might be able to do with that asset. It's working for us really well now, but we can do even more with that asset.
Carol Tomé: Well, this is part of our core values and has been part of our core values for a long, long time and we look at – for example, our automotive equipment is a rolling laboratory. We have 13,000 vehicles today that are powered by some sort of an alternative fuel, and we are continuing to invest in that as you heard from Brian. We've set forth measurable goals and milestones along the way to our goal of being carbon neutral by 2050 and some of the investments that we're making today are enabling that. The aircraft, for example that we are buying from Boeing are more energy-efficient. The automobiles that we're buying are more energy efficient and of course, we're moving to all-renewable energy to power our buildings. So, you can get all of these details in our ESG report, and we're committed to reaching that carbon-neutral goal by 2050. As it relates to customer needs, wants and desires it's starting to actually increase particularly outside of the United States. So, this isn't just good for the planet, it's good for business.
Carol Tomé: Yes. It's a very fair question. If you don't know where you're going on any road, we'll get you there. So, we appreciate the need to give longer-term guidance. Let us get to our targets, and then we will come back and talk to you.
Carol Tomé: So don't – we might have confused the messaging because we had some 2023 numbers and some 2022 numbers. The guide we gave was for 2022 and it may not look as aggressive as you might think. But remember there's freight sales that we are comping in 2021 that will not materialize in 2022 and that's about $1 billion of revenue. So, there's plenty of growth for us to go get plenty.
