Brian Dykes: Yes. Thanks, Tom for the question. I think when you look at the domestic volume performance from the second quarter and then going forward. In the second quarter, there was really two big impacts that were driving the change. One is we did see customers favoring our more economical products, so going from air-to-ground, and within ground, from ground to SurePost. And that was across the broad base of customers. We also saw an acceleration of new entrants, new e-commerce customers that were coming into the market that are quite frankly running a different model than our traditional customers and are highly leveraging our SurePost product. So we saw an acceleration of SurePost. The growth rate is also complicated as you think about what happened in the second quarter of last year because of the type of customers that diverted early. As we were approaching the Teamster contract, it does also skew the growth rate. As we move forward and you see -- you can see it in our forecast and within the guide, that we do expect that mix to rationalize as we move towards the end of the year. And we've got line of sight to that in our pipeline and are working to actively pull those through as we kind of balance the mix of products going into the second half.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So as Carol mentioned, yes we do expect our RPP growth to moderate in the back half. And actually, as we move from kind of the negative 2.6% that we are at to almost approach breakeven as we get towards the end of the year. And there is a couple of pieces of that. Carol had mentioned the B2B piece. I would say, the bright spot within B2B is returns, that improved 3%. And we are seeing uptake with the addition of Happy Returns into the portfolio. And as that pipeline builds and we start to see that pull through, that continues to accelerate our B2B business. The other thing I would say is that we do have a strong pipeline of ground-ready products. And what happens with the SurePost product is, it allows you to get new customers in, leveraging that. We get the integration into their systems, we get the pickup process set up, and they become part of the UPS portfolio but then allows us to expand that as we go through the cycles.
Brian Dykes: Yes. And Ken I'll give you a little bit of shaping for how we think the second half is going to go because we do have confidence in how we are going to be able to pull-through the margin. First, if you think about in the US from Q3 to Q4, we expect ADV to be up around kind of mid-single digit. We do -- as we just talked about, the decline in RPP growth will moderate, so about negative 1.5% in the third quarter, negative 5% in the fourth quarter. And as we get to peak and we see the holiday demand surcharges, we expect that to get even better. And we expect op-profit to be up kind of double digits in Q3. And then December as Carol mentioned before, we're going to hit a 10% operating margin. In International, Q3 ADV is kind of flat to slightly positive year-over-year, with Q4 up mid-single digits and the RPP growth of 1% to 2% year-over-year in the second half. Our Q3 op margin is in the high teens and then getting to over 20% in Q4. So continuing that strong momentum in International. And then we expect a mid-teens revenue growth in SCS and stronger year-over-year profit growth in Q3 and Q4 with the second half up about 20%. And look, I think we've got a lot of confidence that we can pull through the second half forecast for a couple of reasons. One is we've got line of sight to the volume. We've shown the volume has been building. We've got a line of sight to the volume that we need to deliver the top-line. And that helps offset some of the RPP growth, and you can see that in the guide. On the cost side, fit-to-serve is on track. We have reduced 11,500 or 90% of the resources that we had anticipated. And then we've also got line-of-sight to revenue improvements that are in the pipeline as well that are going to help us drive better profitability as we get into the second half. So we absolutely feel confident that we are back to the point of revenue growth, profit growth and back to margin expansion in the US.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So Ravi we don't -- returns rolls up into our B2B product and also into the ground commercial breakout that we give. Look returns is a portfolio that UPS has had for a long time that we continue to add to and be a leader in. It's one that we've continued to see growth in B2B even when we have, had pressures in other parts of the business. And it leverages not only are kind of single piece returns and technology capabilities that enable customers to integrate with their process, but also the UPS store footprint which allows us to have a very unique returns offering. Now when you add Happy to that, we are able to do consolidated returns, it really becomes a unique portfolio that provides growth in B2B.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So Scott I think what I was talking about was the shaping of Q3 to Q4. And in Q3 yes, we expect domestic package EBIT to be up in the 10% to 15% range. And then for the -- and then it will moderate a little bit. The growth will moderate a little bit in Q4 as the comp levels out. And Carol, do you want to --.
Brian Dykes: And Carol, if I can just add one thing because I think the value of the volume is also very important. And while we had a lot more shippers in the network, it is important to reinforce this point that SurePost rides in the same theaters and the same hubs that all the other packages do and it helped us drive incremental productivity. Our cube utilization was up in the feeder network. Our hub productivity was up, our preload productivity was up. And when you look at what that does with cost per piece, the US business was able to hold cost per piece to a 2.5% growth rate in the face of a 12% increase in compensation rate. So that alone is huge. Then you layer on top of that the impact it can have on the delivery side with the redirect and really driving stop-and-route density. It's -- the volume generates productivity improvements throughout the entire network, now we have the ability to manage as we move forward.
Brian Dykes: So certainly, on the first point around the RPP growth rate, I think when you take a look at the second quarter you do have to remember the comp is a big issue in the second quarter. And we did see quite a shift from Q1 to Q2. And as we go into Q3 and Q4, we do expect the growth rate to moderate -- sorry, the negative growth rate to moderate. So it will improve to about negative 1.4% in the third quarter negative 0.4% in the fourth quarter and that will continue to improve as we go through the back half. There is a couple of things that are going on there. One is we absolutely have line-of-sight to new customers that are going to be coming on that normalize the mix of volume that we have. And also we have seen the wave of these kind of new entrants come into the market, and the volume levels are stabilized. And we are working with those customers on what those forecasts look like in the back-half, so we have better line-of-sight to that. Related to your second question we invited these customers into our network. I think the idea of what they would look like if they weren't there, it doesn't really matter right? Because they are there -- we found a way to make this volume very efficient within our network. And look, we'll continue to grow in the places of the market that are growing faster.
Carol Tome: And maybe a couple of other comments about just the volume. As you saw our commercial business was down year-on-year, although the rate of decline has moderated greatly. As we look to the back-half of the year, we expect that to improve. Our pipeline is quite robust. So we expect to see good movement in that space.
Carol Tome: On the B2B front, as we discussed it was down year-on-year. Part of that was because of customers who left us during the contract negotiation that have not returned. They left us, they locked themselves into long-term contracts and they have not yet returned. That just gives us an opportunity to win them back for the excellent service that we provide. We've also seen some dynamics within the B2B space occur recently within poolers, companies going out of business like overnight which gives us an opportunity to bring that business back into our network. It's already starting to flow. And as I mentioned, the pipeline of commercial accounts is robust. So we expect that to improve dramatically in the back half of the year. On the RPP, it is really interesting. We've had these new e-commerce entrants into the United States. And their volume, well, it is exploded. It was certainly more than we anticipate flowing into our network. So in -- to your question, is this a phenomenon forever? I don't know. It depends on what consumer demand will be. But we are going to focus on the parts of the market that really value our end-to-end service and expect to see some of the pressure that we saw on the RPP in the second quarter moderate. And Brian, maybe you can give a little bit more color on what we think the RPP will look like in the back half of the year.
Carol Tome: And maybe one other comment about SurePost because the question may be, do you like that product. We actually like the product. It provides a steady solution for us. We also through our matching algorithm, we can redirect the packages back into the ground network. And in fact, the redirect percentage was 40%. So that's returning back to levels we saw during the COVID.
Carol Tome: So maybe I'll talk about the RPP and then you can talk about the margin. So on the base pricing, there are many dynamics on the base pricing. First, we were up against very tough comparisons from a year ago. Why? Well, you'll recall that our volume declined in the United States in the second quarter by almost 10%. And this was related to noise around the labor contract negotiation. If you look at who declined during that time frame it was predominantly dual-sourcers, who are low GRI customers. So last year's base pricing was a bit artificially inflated because it is just the mix change. If you roll forward now to this year, what you see in the base pricing is, okay the tough comparisons year-on-year, as well as new entrants that don't have a GRI because they are starting to ship with us for the first time. And then finally, if you zoom out and say well, what's the keep rate looking like on those customers who have a GRI? The keep rate is looking at about 50%. So as we get past this time frame and get into an easier compare, that's why we think our base rates can improve dramatically in the -- from where it was in the second half. And maybe you can talk about the margins.
Carol Tome: And just one other piece of color, don't forget that we are anniversarying our labor contract on August 1. So the pressure associated with that contract moderates dramatically in the back half.
Carol Tome: And Matt Guffey is here. Maybe, Matt, you want to comment on Happy Returns and how that's going -- the integration is going.
Carol Tome: I'll be happy to talk about peak. So it is a condensed peak. It is the most condensed peak since 2019. There are only 17 days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And as we look at the volume projections for peak, we’re expecting on our Peak day, which is December 18, has the highest volume ever in our network. Now when you have that kind of volume flowing to your network, you actually have to charge to service them well because you have to hire people and lease aircraft and delivery vehicles so on and so forth. So we think that the prices are going to stick because of what the environment is telling us from a demand perspective. I would also say candidly, they are up against very easy comparison last year. Because, as you recall, well we peaked, volume was declining in the network. So the year-over-year comparisons and the fact that this peak is tight gives us confidence. That being said we also have an opportunity to price -- moving from the art of pricing to the science of pricing through the new tools that we have been talking to you about. Pricing architecture of the future gives us the opportunity to use modifiers and price that creates opportunities for value for our customers, as well as value for ourselves. That plus deal manager, which has been a huge home run for us. We are winning more deals at less discounts than we have in the past. And Matt, maybe I'll turn it back over to you for a comment on price.
Carol Tome: Yes. So we are not chasing volume. We actually accepted new customers into our network of with certain volume expectations that blew up on us. We are not chasing it. It is just their demand was much higher than we had anticipated. And so we are laser focused -- focusing on the segments of the market that value our end-to-end network. Better not bigger has not gone away. We'll be managing through this. We need to manage through it and we will be managing through it. So don't read anything into this other than we had new customers come in to our network whose volume blew up. And we were able to serve that with the best on-time service of any carrier.
Carol Tome: Yes. No we appreciate that. We do. There are a number of actions that we can take to address this. But we thought it was important to provide guidance today. Is that the most realistic view of the back half of the year. It doesn't mean that this is the future of our company. In fact, as we mentioned we will exit the US with a 10% operating margin. That's a significant change from where we have been.
Carol Tome: Productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS. I think we've shown that we can drive cost out, and we will continue to do that.
Carol Tome: And just on the line of sight question, we've really tightened up the visibility as to when we win an account versus when it actually comes into the network. I will say we -- our visibility there wasn't as sharp as it should have been, so we've gotten much better now. And we are holding everyone accountable for getting the cardboard onto the package car. And that makes a -- well it may not be cardboard, it may be a poly bag, but the package on to package car. So I feel much better than I have over the past several years, candidly in terms of our visibility on onboarding.
Carol Tome: And I know you asked about the purchase price. We typically won't disclose the purchase price, but I can give you a hint. Brian said that we accessed the debt capital markets in the second quarter and raised some additional debt capital for growth. It is about $1.2 billion. We are not spending $1.2 billion on the business. So that gives you a sense of where the purchase price is going to be.
Carol Tome: And in terms of the portfolio of assets that we have -- we looked at strategic alternatives for Coyote. We are delighted to reach an agreement with RFO to sell Coyote to that business, at a great value, higher than our carrying value, and the multiple on EBITDA was over 12 times. So I was really pleased with the value that we received or will receive when we close that transaction. And we are always looking at the portfolio of assets, are there other things that we can optimize or monetize. So we are never done. But there's nothing large that would need to be talked about today.
Carol Tome: So that matching capability then creates more delivery density, which is a big value unlock for us. We've talked about in the past, every 10 basis points of improvement is a couple of hundred million dollars. So this is an important initiative to make this product even more attractive to us over time.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, there sure is. And look -- I would just say the operators and the engineers are in tiptop shape right now. And our network is matching to the actual activity that is occurring. But I will tell you there is additional opportunity. As we've closed 35 operational operations this year, we've got additional in the second half. But also, we are starting online 23 new projects that is going to drive additional automation into our efficiency. And so as you start to see the efficiency unfold, we talked about the hours versus the volume, our air volume versus block hours. And of course there is a lot of discussion about SurePost, we're up 300 basis points, making sure we are matching that product with every other package in our network to reduce our operational costs. So as we find those opportunities, we continue making sure we're pressing forward. And for what it's worth, the value of all of that is one, very efficient, very safe and pleasing network to our customers.
Nando Cesarone: Sure. I think because with regard to the USPS, both teams are actually face-to-face planning and executing so far close to 50% of the change. And we'll continue pushing forward. We'll be fully implemented in terms of the UPS network in place to serve the USPS on September 8 and contract really starts officially 10/01, where we'll see the -- all of the volume come over to UPS. So far, in recognition of two parties getting together for the first time in this regard, there's been some bumps but nothing systemic. So it's working out really well on both sides, professionals from the USPS and UPS, really doing some good work there.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. And as Brian mentioned earlier, I mean, SurePost is going to flow through our network, regular feeders, regular hubs, sortation. What we are working on and very close to solving is looking ahead more than one day, so we can match even more of those SurePost shipments. So right now, if a package shows up at a destination, that particular morning, we will match that package with other deliveries for that day. The option moving forward is to look for additional matching opportunities, and we are very close to that solution so we can actually look further out. In total, as I said before, we're matching a lot more, about 3% more than last year. And each one is offsetting the cost and providing profitability to that shipment or that delivery, if you will to that one location.
