D. Scott Davis: Yes, clearly there’s some view of that but in the international, for example, we saw a solid 4% growth in those premium products. It’s just dwarfed by the transport or growth in shipments. I think generally we’re seeing life in all parts of the portfolio although we expect a continued spread where the deferred products and standard products will continue to grow in excess with premium ones, Kevin.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think certainly the rail disruption and the congestion this quarter was significant driving both added expense and creating some real challenges on the service side. I don’t know, Myron, maybe you could talk just a little bit about what we’re doing then.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. So clearly we’re adapting and adjusting as it was happening and created some challenges, but we have transitioned some of the volume off in the most congested lanes. As far as the Asia to Europe lane, that’s still a relatively small amount right now but we think over the long term it will be an opportunity although certainly some of the disruptions as you cross borders there may be a challenge for a while.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think, Ken, certainly a portion of the guidance change is the Q2 results. And I think if you factor that out then really what we’re looking forward comes very close to the overall investments and added expense that we’ve made. So, clearly, the challenges of us keeping up and training quickly as part of this ramp up does create some headwinds. But the Q2 contributor to better the adjustment we had some excess cost with the rails and then if you look forward, the primary difference and what we’ve been discussing is just the current investment. So we are looking for a 12% to 17% increase in the back half of the year and I think all of those pieces of the puzzle fit together.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, just to add to that, David, I think as we look at next year we expect OpEx not to be nearly as dramatic for this purpose as we saw in 2014. If something drives that then we’ll have to evaluate pricing at peak season again. If we have to do this again, we’ll have to evaluate how we price at peak season.
D. Scott Davis: Well, Nate, I think what you’ve seen is us reacting strongly over the last few years. One of the things we are doing to make us more capable to adjust to these changing conditions is reinvesting in the network heavily and focused on IT with data-driven operations, increased automation and a lot of creative applications from the market side. So this has been a part of the transformation that we’ve been talking about for several years now. Right now certainly preparing the network and lowering our variable cost to handle this continued growth in B2C is the midst to the investments we’re making. So, we think we’re on top of this. I mean it doesn’t always come out as smooth as you’d like and clearly we would have liked to have a little stronger quarter. But the demand is there. I think UPS quality and service is great and so we feel very good that we’re building this company for the long term no matter how the market changes.
D. Scott Davis: Clearly the UPS growth is far outpacing any definition of either market or GDP growth in Europe which remains, I guess we would say steady but sluggish. But Jim, maybe you could talk a little bit about what’s going on over there.
D. Scott Davis: No. We really don’t break out regions. These regions are all interconnected but certainly we’re pleased to make investments in Europe and do expect to continue doing that going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Sure, Ben. It sounds like you got a pretty good handle on it. But Jim, maybe you could flush it out a little bit and talk about our look going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Bill, this is Scott. I’ll start off. First of all, it’s not unusual to see our competitors suggest rates. The USPS though really does not offer the same level of service and capabilities that we do at UPS. I think the technology is a differentiator, our integrated service offerings are a differentiator, our guarantees are different. At the same time, we work very closely with the post office. We appreciate their universal service mandate where customers of theirs are customers of ours, but there is some concern as we go forward and how they price competitive products and there is some concern about cross-subsidization that we’re going to be working with the Postal Regulatory Commission to ensure they don’t cross-subsidize the competitive products. An example, I guess, is only 55% of the USPS costs are actually attributable to products. The rest of those costs are institutional costs and only 5% of those go to the competitive products while 20% of the revenue is from competitive products. So there are inconsistencies there that we’re going to work with the Postal Regulatory Commission on and we’ll pay attention to as we go forward. At the same time we’ll go out and compete with the post office.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, clearly and certainly the dim weight was a good example of pricing that helps to match our cost to our rates and we clearly look at that. We have said in general that 2014 is the year of investing for the customer and creating unparallel service and that was a higher priority than short-term price issues. But, Alan, clearly you guys do a lot of thinking and activity in this front. Maybe you could talk.
D. Scott Davis: We aren’t looking for dramatic changes. We make sure that over time we are appropriately compensated. Certainly next year will be a little different story than this year. Our primary focus this year is capacity and service. So we’ll talk about that more going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, certainly we said one of the key components of our peak preparation was increased visibility with customers and improve planning the collaboration. Alan, you guys have been on that very much these days.
D. Scott Davis: One of the parts of our peak planning has been joint commitment sessions with our customers certainly focusing on the highest peak periods and making sure that we have capacity that’s needed. And if there’s volume in excess of that, then there may well be a yield adjustment for that incremental volume.
D. Scott Davis: First of all, we definitely are planning and expecting a clean peak season. We’ve invested heavily this year as we’ve talked about at length. We think we’re prepared. We’re working very well with the customers. So we certainly expect a real strong peak season in 2014. As I said, this year is about investing for the customers. And as I mentioned earlier, I don’t think you’ll see the level of OpEx required in 2015 that we saw in 2014. But if e-commerce conditions change again in 2015 to drive more OpEx, I think we’ll have to evaluate everything. Everything is on the table and that could include a surcharge to peak in the future.
D. Scott Davis: I mean straight up, I would say those business markets for us right now we’re obviously in those markets, I think we’ve done a good job to kind of manage through those and have an operating model that’s flexible and variable depending on what happens. But most of those markets for us are still what we would call emerging markets and we’ve kind of kept back some of the big investments there to be tailored to the trade that we’ve talked about earlier and the way that we’re ready to invest. So at this point, we feel like we’ve adjusted that adequately and results in the international business you can see haven’t been affected at all.
D. Scott Davis: Just a note I think we did foresee this. That’s part of why we made a big investment into a forwarding capability back in 2001. Thanks.
D. Scott Davis: Hi, Jeff. I got to say that on my first call in 2000, you asked my first question. Today you’re going to ask the last question.
D. Scott Davis: As I said, this is my 14th year of hosting these calls with either the CEO or the CFO and we’ve delivered a lot of different messages over those 14 years. But this quarter believe it or not was our largest domestic volume increase, 7.4% that we saw in those 14 years, so it’s pretty impressive to get that kind of growth. So the markets are moving in the right direction. Clearly, 2014 is a year that we are investing for the customer but we expect an excellent peak season and in the future, these investments will clearly benefit not just the customer but also our employees and our shareowners. Thanks so much. I enjoyed the call.
David Abney: It does seem that it has plateaued. I mean over the last couple of quarters we’re not seeing that gap get any bigger, so it feels like or as long as we can see that growth. And if you see some new technology introductions later this year that might help the express also.
David Abney: Certainly can. First, I think the point is that many of the projects and investments that we’re making in this year will provide benefits not only this peak but throughout next year. A good example is the additional IT expense that we’re experiencing. We’re working on 30 different projects and those projects will help us for peak but they also will help us next year and we won’t have that additional expense. So that’s one good example. The second one is running a full operations day on Black Friday. That is an additional expense but what we have to realize is it smoothes out the cyber week volume, allows us to better manage e-commerce demand and some of that costs will be offset by more efficient operations for the following week. And while we haven’t determined exactly what we would do next year for Black Friday, we do expect that we would operate on a pretty extensive basis. And then the wrap up costs for these 50 additional hubs, a lot of the expense is just getting those hubs ready and then getting them staffed. Many of those hubs or some of them will continue to run through next year. Others, it will be much easier to wrap them up next year for peak just because we’ve done all the work this year. So I’d say a considerable amount of the costs would not be in next year’s numbers.
David Abney: What we see now with the accelerated volume trends, we probably should have been investing at a slightly faster pace. We do see changing distribution patterns for customers around the world and we’re wrapping up investments this year by about $500 million primarily in capacity projects. And this additional CapEx is mostly of projects that we already had planned, we already knew we were going to do them. We’re now just simply advancing them from the outer years due to the accelerated volume. So even with this acceleration and capital projects, we still expect CapEx to remain in the 4% to 4.5% range during the next few years.
David Abney: All right. Well, as far as the tech launches, every year to the third and fourth quarter we normally do see tech launches and we expect that that continue again next year. In fact we’ve heard some pretty good indications of that and we have shown in the past where we can wrap up rapidly and we handle these tech launches really as good as anybody could out there. So we look forward to it. As far as the international freight, Jim, as it goes to peak season, I’ll turn it over to you.
David Abney: From an airline standpoint, we closely, closely monitor world events and make sure that we make the appropriate changes to our air network.
David Abney: I’ll start off. Asia to U.S., our network is built around 7.5 trunk routes and that changes a little bit and we watched it closely. It is down 20% from 2011. We’ve also placed larger aircrafts, so that’s one of the things that has helped us in that area. So, yes, especially with the growth of worldwide expedited products, it does give you a lot more options to move the freight. You can hold it to take advantage of capacity. It’s less capital intensive and we can utilize common carriage more for that product and we certainly do.
David Abney: Yes, it’s really the aging of some of the new aircraft that we bought over the last few years. They’re in for their first real maintenance check now and that’s what’s driving it. It’s just block hours and a time issue.
Kurt Kuehn: Ken, we really after the weather in the first quarter – our last quarter we guided to the bottom of the range which was really 5.05, so I think that’s your starting point.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. So if you’ll look at the change in our description of the investments as we’ve really dug in and made better forecast, the big amount of the change is going to occur primarily in the fourth quarter. We’re adding operations the day after Thanksgiving that does add expense. Over time it may generate more revenue but the real purpose is to smooth out operations. And then also our IT resources and we’re going to open almost 50 new hub sorts to handle capacity. So the majority of the change in the added expense is in the fourth quarter. We spent about 15% of the total in the second quarter. That will get up to 30% or so in the third quarter and then the residual kick-in in the fourth quarter. David, maybe you can talk a little bit about how this fits together.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I’ll start off at a high global level and then have Jim maybe talk a little more granularly. We are continuing to see transport or shipments, regional shipments grow at a faster rate than trans-ocean shipments. So intra-Europe, intra-North America certainly seems to be a higher – have a higher velocity and you can see that in our mix change, in our yield change. So, that’s one of the big themes. Europe’s been a strong story for intra-Europe shipments with the convergence to the EU, but we are seeing some areas show a little more growth than others. Jim, maybe you could talk.
Kurt Kuehn: There’s not much impact. Yes, we still pay attention to what could happen to Ukraine, could that impact Poland or Syria could impact Turkey and those type of things. So we pay a lot of attention to it. So far no damage.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, absolutely. Our commitment to shareowner distributions remains unchanged. Actually our CapEx although reoriented more towards ground and technology facilities and vehicles than airplanes remains quite low, so we will be in the 4% plus or minus category. And so, yes, our share repurchase continue. We’re pretty much right on pace for completing our $2.7 billion commitment for this year.
Kurt Kuehn: No. The biggest driver of it is just the cycle of aircraft maintenance. Clearly, there is some expense in there as we began during some retrofits and buildings, but it’s really driven by just the normal large B&C checks for airlines, Jeff, and we do expect that to continue for a couple of quarters.
Jim Barber: Sure. I would say back to those points is that in this quarter obviously with revenues up at 6 and exports in double digits in some places that’s clearly above any macro environment. We’ll continue to focus in those places like Europe that we’ve talked about on the previous calls. I think going forward though, Kelly, I think you’ll also see more in the emerging markets from us. That’s where a lot of the investments are at this point as well as capabilities like access points that will enable us to continue to accelerate this. So as far as organic versus inorganic, this is just about growing the business as we historically have and we think in all parts of the business right now we’re doing a nice job with growth.
Jim Barber: Sure. I think we should start with the fact that airfreight is just one of the products, so we should brokerage North American. It’s really doing well in many, many parts of the business. With respect to airfreight out of Asia, yes, we do see the market tightening. Yes, it is a competitive market. You can see in our growth rates we just talked about that we’re actually bringing new customers on with the capabilities in the network. We are evaluating increases as the market tightens. We’ll do that. We’ll continue forward. We talked about a year ago making sure that we relied less on a couple of concentrations. I think we’ve done a great job across the industries to get us where we are today and we’ll continue to manage that in a very dynamic environment. And of course in the back half of the year oftentimes product launches appear that help us manage through this and balance that as well. So, good stuff coming out of the airfreight business all around.
Jim Barber: Well, I think the great part about the network and the way we’ve got it set is they launch and both the airfreight side as well as the small packaged side, the network is able to handle that. And as David said, we do have some information about launches coming. We work with those typically a couple of months out to make sure the customers and we satisfy their needs and their consumers. So, I would say to this specific question we kind of see the next couple of quarters similar to the past couple of years and some tech launches coming and our ability to participate in those accordingly.
Jim Barber: Well, I think it really just comes down to the fact that Europe as a single market is continuing to evolve. Your distribution centers where they are placed there move and as that economy grows and it moves out to the east, the distribution models move with it. The inventories move with it. Our transport or network will support it in a different way, those patterns change and that’s a good thing for us to have our network. I think the investments that we’re talking about quite frankly are more in the hubs now and our hubs are – the growth patterns you’ve seen in international now are forcing us just like the U.S. continue to force in our hubs to keep that network flowing appropriately and that’s what we plan to do over the next couple of years. So that’s really what’s behind the trade pattern question.
Jim Barber: It’s be a great day when we build the next Cologne because it’s got – we’ve built it quite frankly for about 10 more years of growth and the most recent investment and can continue to scale. We love that investment and it will serve us well for a long time to come.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So obviously the market continues to change with the B2C volume making up a bigger concentration of our business and we all see that that results in lower yields due to lighter weights and the mix between the products and the customers that are using those services. We’re continuing to calibrate our pricing models to make sure that we’re aligning to the service that we provide and the price and a long-term strategy remains to achieve that 2%, 3% annual base price increase. Certainly the dim weight initiative that will begin at the beginning of 2015 will help bring us to the higher end of that base rate increase. We’ll also encourage our customers to take a look at their packaging practices and we’re already working with lots of customers in that regard right now so that they understand the impact of the dimensional weight changes. And either way if they change their packaging, UPS gets a nice cost advantage as do our customers or they’ll pay for the size of the packaging.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. We obviously have a long history of collaborating and communicating with our customers. But as you said, due to these changing trends the importance of us getting closer to our customers and working joining on collaborative operating plans is the order of the day. So, we’re working with our customers on special weekend operations. One of the areas that we’re working very closely with them on is their omnichannel strategies and whether or not they should be fulfilling from their DCs or fulfilling from their stores. And that certainly helps us manage their business better and also do it at a more effective cost.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So the growth is certainly concentrated but it’s concentrated in one industry and that’s retail. However, it’s wide scale throughout our enterprise customers and also our middle market account. And really what you’re seeing is shipments are choosing UPS because of the array of solutions we provide not just the SurePost product. And as you heard earlier, really all of our air and ground products, our residential products are growing, our commercial products are also growing but certainly SurePost grew with that 60%.
