Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Quarter report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today’s call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: Sure. We gave the average daily balance for the first quarter at about $840 million obviously if they continue to raise rates, the contribution would be somewhere around $2 million annualized and that’s a pre-tax number so and I’d like to point out, if they do raise rates by 25 basis points, we obviously don’t achieve that first day it’s kind of factored in overtime and as I move that closer to that 25 basis points, most of ours is you know invested in overnight time investments.
Craig Boelte: No Ross. It’s really nothing that we haven’t really already pointed to. The R&D on the full year as we mentioned in the prepared remarks are going to track closer to those levels, that we’re in Q3 and Q4 and then also you know the sales and marketing, we would expect hire as well.
Chad Richison: Thanks, Craig. I would like to welcome everyone to our first quarter 2017 earnings call. As with prior earnings calls I will begin with some highlights of our results, provide some comments on the marketplace and then conclude with some examples of notable client wins during the quarter. Craig will review our financials and then we’ll open up the lines for question and answer. We had a great start to the year and I’m pleased with our results. Revenue for the first quarter of 2017 was $119.5 million representing growth of 33% over the comparable prior year period. This performance is especially impressive considering the very strong growth we achieved in the first quarter of 2016. Additionally, this is the first time our quarterly revenue has exceeded $100 million. This is a notable achievement for our company and I’d like to extend thanks and congratulations to our entire team for their dedication and energy in helping us reach this milestone. Craig will provide more detail on our financials in a few minutes, but I’ll quickly note that our strong revenue performance in the first quarter flowed through our bottom line driving adjusted EBITDA $47 million representing 39% of revenue. These results underscore profitable business model. Our strong results were driven by broad based sales outperformance as well as strengthen our tax form filing business. We continue to see robust demand for our solution across a wide range of industries and regions. Our sales representatives are finding that our single database application which spans both payroll and human capital management or HCM continues to resonate with prospective clients. Companies are attracted to the significant ROI they can achieve by deploying our solution. With our intuitive user interface that can be easily navigated by every employee type. Our comprehensive suite that covers employees from hire to retire, Paycom presents a compelling alternative for mid market companies looking to replace disparate point solution providers. When you combine this broad HCM functionality with our sophisticated payroll offering, clients can have peace of mind knowing that Paycom is in their corner handling crucial responsibility such as accurate tax withholding and labor law compliance and also helping to manage their vital talent. This support allows our client to fully focus on their core objectives and run their business for growth and success. Now I’ll provide some examples of notable client wins from the first quarter. First, we signed a workforce solution company with over 6,500 employees. This client had been using another provider for payroll, several other HCM vendors and even paper based processes in certain areas. With Paycom they were able to eliminate all these systems and create a single workflow for their employees. We were also able to assist them with compliance and substantially improve their reporting. Next we signed a document management company with approximately 2,000 employees. This client has been using another payroll provider for payroll and several other HCM functions. They were drawn to our ability to improve their employee experience and create a linear system to manage employee workflow. This client also appreciated our ability to help them mitigate risk exposure as well as our extensive talent development capabilities. Finally, we bought in a hospitality company with over 6,700 employees. They decided to shift away from their former HCM provider and were evaluating several companies including Paycom. I’m pleased to say we won this client due to our single database platform and the ease of use of our system. Our one-to-one customer service model as well as our commitment to a rapid implementation with a strong onsite presence were also important to this client. Overall, we saw excellent sales traction this quarter and are optimistic for ongoing success this year and beyond. Additionally, we continue to expand our sales organization with our recently announced Milwaukee office. We are excited to bring the power of the Paycom solution to clients in the Milwaukee area. As with all of our newly launched sales team, we selected an experienced sales manager from an established office to relocate to Milwaukee and lead our new team. This approach ensures that the Paycom culture and sales strategy remains intact as we expand. We intend to announce additional new offices through the year, when the timing is appropriate for our business. To conclude, we kicked off 2017 with excellent results and I look forward to maintaining our momentum through the year. I’ll now turn the call over to Craig for an update on our financials and our guidance.
Chad Richison: Yes, Raimo. First on the sales compensation there have been no changes that we’ve made other than to announce what we did last year in which we changed the amount that someone needs to sell in order to hit the executive rep status and we moved that up 500 at the time and so that states consistent. As far as your second question as it relates to ACA or FLSA and what else we have out there. There are still a lot of movement in the ACA and we’re kind of waiting to see what happens with that, but there is a lot of legislation that we track on the continue basis. We are still tracking ACA as well as FLSA and then also H1B.
Chad Richison: Yes, so we opened up Milwaukee so far this year. I did announce at least fourth quarter maybe third quarter of last year that we were very focused on improving the gap in between what we actually sell and what our total new business sales capacity is, we’re very focused on that, that said. We did open up Milwaukee we do expect to announce more office openings this year and we’ll do that when it makes sales force.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean I think that our sales groups have been doing very well. I think that’s evident by the numbers that are reflected in the first quarter and so, we’re off to a very good start. We have continued to increase sales productivity especially within the matured office and the strategies continue to work for us.
Chad Richison: I mean, there’s definitely some timing to it John. I would say sales and marketing, anytime we have increased sales and marketing I mean that corresponds to sales performance because as a reminder we do pay commissions in the month that a deal starts. Even though we may not have received full billing for that quarter and so we do pay out full commissions and I’ll also remind that I mean with this guidance that we put out there. I mean we’re 30% revenue growth and 20% adjusted EBITDA. If we were to go back and adjust the pull forward that we experienced in 2015 that we are very open about, the $10 million in the ANRR pull forward and the associated commission rate on that, which we pegged at about $3.5 million to $3.6 million. Our adjusted EBITDA from last year, we’re actually guiding ahead of our adjusted EBITDA finish for all of last year and so, I do think there is some of this it’s a timing issue as it falls into second quarter with our expectations for both sales and R&D, but as with our guidance would suggest we’re setting up for a strong both growth year [ph] as well as some adjusted EBITDA expansion.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean if you’re one of our clients, you’re definitely going to see more product coming out. I mean, we do continue to go deep into the current products as well as expand them. We do publish the software updates monthly as far as what we’re specifically working on, I mean like in the past. I mean we operate in a very competitive environment and we don’t want to provide a roadmap to our competitors as far as what we’re focusing on, but we also believe that our R&D efforts drove our top line results and we feel like this quarter was a good example of that.
Chad Richison: It is still 24 months for an office to reach you say capacity, we’ve been using the term mature but you’re right they continue to mature past that. That’s a must entry point to which they are fully staffed and maybe that’s a better term. But within 24-month period you would expect an office to be fully staffed. They can’t start off with the full staff with the way we bring people on and develop them. It takes time and so that is still the same timeline and that it takes 24 months.
Chad Richison: Well for Q2 I would say the largest impact that we have on our expense lines going to sales commission, when you look at the sales and marketing line that’s the most I would volatile piece of it and as a reminder, I mean on something that comes in that we might billed $10,000 on, in the last month of Q2 we might add corresponding three times that in order to get that business and so, now that would be probably be reflected in Q2 as well. And then we also, we’re continuing to hire in our R&D staff as well.
Chad Richison: Yes, we don’t talk about win rates, but what I will say is that the competitive landscape as we see it, has remainder substantially the same for a long period of time for us in the mid market. As far as the players that we see.
Chad Richison: I’ll take the latter question. I might have to, have you repeat the first one because I’m not so sure I tracked you on that.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean it’s important for us to continue to bridge that gap and then the more we bridge the gap we would expect the new business sales capacity to grow as well as you have maturing offices that also impacts that. And so we’re very focused on catching that up and again I’ll just point to the first quarter numbers as well as our guidance. I feel like we’re having success in bridging that gap.
Chad Richison: Well as a reminder, we look for people that don’t necessarily have sales experience and we do not hire people that have sales experience from within our industry. So we are still a hire and development group from a sales organization that being the case. Often times, this is somebody’s first sales job when they come to Paycom and so for us, we haven’t seen any changes in that.
Chad Richison: Yes and so we’ve continued to talk about it as an amount in excess of $400 annualized per employee and we have not given any updates to that since we last updated that number and what I’m going to say, end of 2014 potentially.
Chad Richison: I mean, I would say the filings followed what we expected them to follow. It’s the number of employees you have at the end of the year that we’ve done or the number of clients and corresponded the number of employees that we have done the ACA4, Advanced ACA service for the entire year and then the forms that we file in the first quarter and so I would say those were about what we had expected.
Chad Richison: Yes, so it’s the timing of starts that impact that’s the largest impact. So sell those throughout the year and then when they start and after they’ve run a full month, then we commission those. We do actually recognize the commission within the first full month, that a deal starts as well and so that’s the largest impact that we have on the sales and marketing line as far as the volatility in that number, is the achievement of sales starts during that quarter.
Chad Richison: Well I don’t know if you’re talking about incremental from Q1 to Q2. I mean are you talking about incremental margin, are you talking about from Q1 to Q2.
Chad Richison: No, I mean we do both I believe over the last couple of years. We focused on Ohio that was a place that we really didn’t have an office and we have opened up both in Cleveland and Cincinnati over the two-year period of time, we do not have an office in Wisconsin. Wisconsin is a fairly large state, you have quite a few employers in that state and so we thought it was time to focus on Wisconsin as well as that’s what the Milwaukee move was.
Chad Richison: Yes and so, you know from as new clients come on, we have stated that they do continue to adopt greater than half of the products that we have at the time and that is still the case today and we haven’t updated that number to be more specific than that.
Chad Richison: It would have been consistent. Most every deal that we sell that we onboard that is eligible or required to track ACA, takes our ACA module. I think it would be extremely rare to see someone that didn’t and so of course in 2015 about the last two quarters or especially the very last quarter, we had a huge surge in those clients that very quickly onboarded onto our ACA module as well as those clients that started early, we mentioned $10 million go forward and the associated commissions associated with that into the fourth quarter of 2015. Then throughout 2016 as people onboarded onto our system as new clients, the ACA module they definitely adopted with that and we saw the same in 2017 thus far.
Chad Richison: I mean it was broad based, we’re very focused on our message to both our clients and our perspective clients. I think we’ve gotten better at that and I think that continues to be reflected in our numbers.
Chad Richison: I can’t with any great detail, not that I’m unwilling but I’m not as close to that very specific situation as far as the strong onset presence. What I will explain though, as in Paycom’s implementation process not only are our sales people held responsible by being out onsite of the client, we also have a very strong transition rec [ph] group, which does a lot [ph] and not only help clients onboard onto our systems but it’s also there to help train other clients as well as foster the usage at the employee level, the client employee level and so I would imagine all of that would have been good reason for this client to choose us or one of them, one of the reasons for this clients to choose us.
Chad Richison: No I mean I would say we had, I mean we definitely had a strong new business onboard in the first quarter and I think that’s reflected as you’ve gone throughout, as you see the numbers that we’ve adjusted when we look at our guidance for full year guidance. Our ACA forms did what we expected them to do, I mean our forms business does what we expect it to do. This was our second year to have the ACA forms business include again and so it made for a little bit tougher comp because last year was our first full ACA forms filing quarter for the year prior. And so but I just think it was a healthy quarter for us.
Chad Richison: Yes, we’ve not made any update to that and that approximate amount of 5%, would be still treat today.
Chad Richison: All right, thank you to everyone joining us for the call today. We appreciate the time and interest in Paycom. We look forward to meeting with you guys at the Jefferies Technology Group Investor Conference on May 9 in Miami as well as the JP Morgan Technology Media and Teleconference on May 23rd in Boston.
