Chad Richison: Thanks for the question, Harry. This is Chad. We do see it as a one solution as we've discussed earlier. The longer we had a module out the more success we have not only selling it but also implement it and increased. So we continue to drive all products or all modules into the client base.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean you have to continuously develop the modules I mean as you put them out initially I mean version seven is always better than version one. We've learned a lot over the years in how we've released the modules. We've taken a lot of knowledge from that in the past and we continue to work on our modules.
Chad Richison: Yes, so our goal is to continue to penetrate both existing cities as well as open new cities with sales teams. As I mentioned in the past, we do take existing sales managers who are proven, we relocate them to a new city or in a current city where we’re going to add a new team as I mentioned earlier like a city like New York and then we backfill them with an up and coming sales executive who is ready to be in management. We've identified several mangers who are ready to relo as well as several backfills to be able to backfill those positions. And as I mentioned in the call earlier we are currently -- we have deployed our office sales team setup group. We are in the process of negotiating leases and getting those prepared to be able to launch sales teams.
Chad Richison: We did not add five sales teams this quarter. Those are the five sales teams added earlier in this year first quarter of this year. They are doing well and we did have at least one of the examples I mentioned of one of our current sales did come from one of those new sales teams but they’re trending nicely.
Chad Richison: Sure. Okay. So on the first question, it's really I think understanding not only why prospects by but also how they are going to use the system. I think ease of use is all about innovation; it’s being able to sit down and watch people actually use the system; we’re users of our own system. We do actually invite clients in; we watch them use the system. And we were active in soliciting, as well as documenting client feedback to make ease of use a key. The easier your system is to use the more they are going to use it and the stronger -- the stronger overall solution we have provided. As far as good people, a lot of what Paycom and lot of what we have done in the past is hire good people and give them the proper training and support they need to grow. And so from that, we are able to find good educate people that want to come in and be a part of our organization. And so, really for us it's finding good people that care, who are educated and wish to be a part of this team. And then, from there we give them the tools to the proper training and support as well as management needed to growth their career. 
Chad Richison: Yes. So -- and I appreciate you stating that that fact that ACA is -- it actually is still changing. I mean, there are still rigs that we are looking for. A part of the ACA goes into effect 2015 with report to do 2016. There is a piece of it that goes into effect in 2016 for 2017 and then even another in 2018, and even the range changes for -- who complies with what pace as far as the payer play component. And so, we have done a couple things. Number one, it’s important to mention that a lot of the information needed comes out of both a time and attendance system, because ACA I really based on hours worked to identify who those are, who are full-time employees so that we know which employers are even eligible. As well as there is a component for making the healthcare affordable. And in that case, you need to know how much an employee's premium is as far as what they are responsible to pay, coupled with how much the employee makes. And so -- and then there is documentation of this, including the notice of the exchange from the beginning, and that's notifying employees that are even eligible for the ACA. And so, with the Paycom System, we were actually able to take three of our models that we have currently. And really if clients have already implemented our time and attendance benefit administration and have our document storage system and on boarding process, they are really able to take that. There is very little they are going to need to do to be able to maintain it, because we are able to grab the information from the same system and provide the reporting. Now for those clients that may not have all of those systems and may be they have not chosen to implement those systems yet, we have developed a system that's actually coming out Thursday, which will allow them to input the information that does not currently exist because they are not using that piece of the system that will grab the pertinent data that we do have at a payroll and allow them to comply with the ACA mandate. Regardless of which path someone chooses, at the end of the day, Paycom will be helping clients with their Form 1095 for employees, which will be due in February 2016 for everything done through -- for the year of 2015, as well as the employer copy 1094. And so, there is a lot of moving parts. There is -- if you don't play, you penalize those payments and thus is collecting money for that, remitting it to the IRIS. We’re still waiting on regs on that even for who that's remitted to and how that's remitted. So anyway, I'll stop there, but there is a lot going on with ACA and we feel like what we're providing is strong.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean I would say -- I mean, for sure it will be similar to the rest of our portfolio. I mean, payroll is the hardest thing we do as far as keeping it with all the tax laws and what have you. And payroll has other components involved depending on which date we’re filing taxes with and what they’ll actually accept. We’re going, we’re learning ACA as far as how it’s deposited and penalties may be deposited and how it’s all filed and reconciled but we would expect this to be a high gross margin product as we've developed it to be.
Chad Richison: Well that’s a loaded question there. We are definitely always trying to accelerate our growth in all areas and as opportunities present itself I mean we’re looking to capture them. Right now we’re talking with our existing sales management staff to identify who is ready to relocate and start these new teams and then be able to actually backfill them with the strong bench we have ready to do that. And so as we've identified these people we’ll start opening in these cities but we do believe we’re ready to begin opening several here very soon.
Chad Richison: All right. Well thanks everybody. I want to thank everybody for participating in today’s call and we look forward to speaking to everyone again next quarter. Thank you.
