Craig Boelte: John, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it was about around $1.5 million of an outperformance on the tax form filings and that really flowed through the entire financial statements through margin as well as to the earnings per share and net income.
Craig Boelte: It really – John, the tax form filing really due to the ANRR achievement in third and fourth quarter of last year we on-boarded the those clients. And so any client, even if they've just been with us for two weeks of December, we have to provide them with the annual tax form filings as if they had been with us for a full year. And so, we did have some accelerated ANRR in both third quarter and fourth quarter of last year and those contributed to the annual tax form filings business for February and January.
Craig Boelte: Yes. And so what I will say is that the new offices even the ones from 2014 and 2015 contribute very little to this number. I mean really these are the mature offices that are continuing to sell more than they have in the past. And then it's almost in all of the above. Definitely you do have them not only selling more deals; they're selling larger businesses as well in some markets. And they're more comfortable with the products that we've released over the last couple of years. And so, although we're not necessarily disclosing exact attach rates, what would be true is that clients are taking more products today than what they have in the past. A lot of that has to do with maturity of the products as well as client size we're targeting.
Craig Boelte: On the R&D side, we're going to continue to invest. Our group was also developing the LMS but also working on additional products and as well as our existing ones. So moving forward, we've had over 100% for the last several quarters and we're going to continue to spend in the R&D area.
Chad Richison: Yes. It's not something that we're tracking. What I can say is that we are selling larger – more companies than what we had before and they tend to be at the larger end of our target market, which again, we still say is 50 employees to 2,000 employees. We are selling more as sales reps become more comfortable in that market. They're selling more of them. And so naturally, you could somewhat deduct it because of that the employee size is continuing to increase.
Chad Richison: No. And it's not something that I can say we specifically looked at either. But, I can't say, confirm or not whether that's happening with us. I do know that if it were, it hasn't been anything material that we've seen.
Chad Richison: Yes. So Mike, this is Chad. If you kind of looked at last year, Q1 we had 31% ANRR growth and then Q2 we had 38% and then Q3 we had 52%. We followed that up Q4 with 44% and just as a remainder to everyone, ANRR is when a deal starts, not necessarily when it's sold. We did have some deals pull into the March time period that might have otherwise started in a subsequent quarter. And so I don't have the forward look all the way out to what's going to happen toward the end of June, but that does impact, ANRRs less about when we sold it and really about when it converts again a full month's revenue that hits commission. And so with that, I mean it was a very strong ANRR performance this quarter. It was 60% and that's the largest we've had. And so we're just, we're wanting to make sure we're responsible with our future forecasts and that's why we do believe it will be more at the normalized level moving forward.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean it is our – it's hard to state that because every, this isn't uncommon. I mean every month you are going to have something move on you whether it pulls in or pushes out of when it comes to start date, something could have been ready to go in December and pushed out to January and caused it to happen that way as well. And so, second quarter it will just really depend on starts. But, I just thought that was important to point out that we have had a little bit of fluctuation in ANRR growth although it’s been strong from quarter-to-quarter, will have a little bit of fluctuation. And it's really important to look at ANRR is an annualized metric. We do report it quarter-to-quarter, but it levels out as an annualized metric for us.
Chad Richison: Yes. We do expect our mature offices to continue to mature. I mean I don't believe we're ever done and we continue to hit new highs and mature office sales year-after-year. I mean we've been doing this a while and it should happen that if we do it on a continual basis, we'll continue to get better at it. And so that's really what's happening. Our offices are becoming more mature about the managers and salespeople are having more success. We're doing a good job converting the business and we have more to sell than what we've had in the past too. I mean we released several new products over the last 18 months and all of them are making meaningful impacts. And not really just on the revenue side but to the client's business and so we're going to continue to do that and look forward to the future.
Chad Richison: Well, we definitely continue to change the way we implement our services to clients regardless of size. I mean we continue to get better at it. I can tell you back when we were a staff of ten and I myself was a salesperson, I went out and brought on a company that had 1500 to 2,000 employees. So we've always been in this business. Now back then it was only payroll. But it was online. And so we've always been in this market. This has always been our target market, true. They are becoming more sophisticated as our products become more sophisticated to meet those needs and we continue to get more of them as we creep even higher. And, you're going to convert and implement a company differently that has 3500 employees with 3500 employee users and maybe 400 or 500 manager level users that use all your products. It takes a little bit more time, but also it takes training as well. And so we've been focused on that. I'm not going to say that this year's been uncharacteristic in those training efforts or changes to our implementation services as they have been in the past. I think you're just seeing us sell more of them because we do have more mature offices and a stronger sales force than what we've had in the past and more product to sell.
Chad Richison: Yes. With those office it's really too early. I could more speak to the 2014 offices. I mean our 2015 offices are just really getting their first trainees back into their office and trained. They may have sold a few deals, but very limited on information from those offices. Now the offices that have been open a year, it's typically manager specific and so it really depends on which manager opened that up office, what their history was with us in the past and how they go in there. They're all trending as we have expected and they're all doing well. I did mention some are doing better than others. But they're all doing exactly what we expect them to do and they will all mature within the next year or so.
Chad Richison: Yes, I can tell you I am aware, I have stayed close to the learning management and watching that traction. I do know we have had some competitor takeaways from your traditional learning management systems and we've also converted companies over that may have been using – maybe an off-the-shelf for lack of a better term-type provider or even a patch together in-house-type system. So at the end of the day, all companies provide training to their employees through several different methods and we've found a way to automate that and leverage the same system that perspective clients and current clients would be using. And so we've had success. Again, we're still new to that. It's a new product. But we're very comfortable with the traction that we're having at this point.
Chad Richison: Right. Well, I'll take that last question first. Just through numbers, the more teams you have, the larger the bench you have. And so as we continue to add teams, it definitely increases the bench there. Now the first question as far as offices open this past quarter. It does take an office 24 months to get to maturity and really the most that – the largest number of sales reps that one manager can manage effectively that are brand new is kind of three right off the bat. You might have one that could manage four. And so those offices that we started first quarter of 2015, they're really just building. I would be surprised I mean from the numbers I do know of, I don't think any of them have more than two at this point being trained and in the field. And so we'll look for those offices to reach maturity and full staff with 7 to 9 sales reps as well as a strong backlog and pipeline as we round first quarter 2017. 2014, it's a little bit different. You do have some ramping up quicker than others because they're at different parts, different cycle within their – or different part within their maturity cycle. But they continue to grow as well and so we've been monitoring that and again they're all progressing as we expect.
Chad Richison: Again, when I was speaking earlier, I was also talking to the best way to look at ANRR is on an annualized basis. And so as I talk about ANRR I really do view it as an annualized basis because quarter-to-quarter really depends on when a company can converts or when a company actually transitions and converts on to our system for a full month and naturally how you have to look at it.
Chad Richison: I believe that a normalized rate for us would be consistent with prior years for us. I don't have those numbers exactly in front of me. But again, I look at it on an annualized basis of what we should experience on a going forward -- as we go forward.
Chad Richison: Yes. And so for us as we continue to bring on new business revenue, we have to hire. I mean this month we grew over 40%. As you continue to grow, at a very high rate, you have to hire people and get them trained and prepare to service these clients and it requires the resources that have knowledge to be able to do that. And so we always have to hire those people ahead of the revenue received and so sometimes you'll carry people with you a little bit longer so that you can get them trained, up to speed and ready to catch the revenue that's going to be coming in, in subsequent quarters. And so we would expect to spend to be on staffing and staffing at staffing levels which will allow us to do that.
Chad Richison: Well, you'll definitely have additional sales reps added in the cities that are still maturing which I believe at this point we have 8 or 9 or no, excuse me, 10 or 11 that are still maturing. And so you're definitely going to have some of that. But, it all just contributes to that.
Chad Richison: Yes. It's primarily new customers that we're bringing on to our system. I know that we have had some current customers because we do take feedback from current customers and that's really sometimes where you learn which products you're going to release. And but for us, I know that the majority of what we've brought on were brought in with the deal.
Chad Richison: All right. So on the legacy – on the legacy SaaS providers or SaaS providers; however you set it out, it is rare that we would replace any provider that isn't a SaaS provider at some level whether they're a legacy provider providing a client solution or whether they have started out a SaaS provider. That's who we're displacing. It would be rare that we would displace somebody at this day and age that has an installed product. Now you might – we have might also have some people that aren't using a vendor, but they're using it in-house product that they're using themselves and we might run into a little bit of that. But primarily any time we're replacing another vendor, we're replacing either a legacy provider SaaS product or version of SaaS product or we are replacing another SaaS provider. As it relates to the offices, we've added five so far this year. We're continuing to absorb those and watch those mature and support them. We're always looking for additional opportunities. I wouldn't say that we would not open up another office this year, but I can't confirm that we're doing that either. We're continuing to look at all of our options and if something makes sense for us, we'll definitely be communicating that with everybody and move forward.
Chad Richison: All right. Thank you. So our first quarter marked an important milestone as our company celebrated our first full year as a public company. We remain as excited as ever regarding our prospects and opportunity to transform the payroll and HCM industry. We'll be presenting at the Jefferies Global Technology Media and Telecom Conference in Miami on May 12 and at the JPMorgan Global Technology Media and Telecom Conference in Boston on May 19. And I look forward to meeting with many of you in person in the coming months. So thank you guys for participating on our call today.
