Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today's call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today which is available on our Web site at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: Raimo, on the interest rates, you know our guidance basically assumes rates are where they are today. You know there is talk about two, possibly even three interest rate increases during the year of 25 basis points. I think it's somewhat dangerous to include those because you just never know if they are going to happen. One thing I would though remind you is we are holding a significant amount of client funds. During the fourth quarter our average daily balance was around $680 million, on a pretax basis that’s about $1.7 million. So that really falls to the bottom line.
Craig Boelte: Yes. On our adjusted EBITDA guidance, this is really our starting point for the year and as we look out throughout the year, we are still set up to be a high growth company and part of that comes with increased commissions and selling and marketing expenses. So as we sit here today that’s really our beginning point on guidance and what we know sitting here today.
Craig Boelte: Yes. Mark, one thing to keep in mind in last year, that was the first year that we had the ACA forms filing. So in that first quarter we had a pretty significant lift both to form filings as well as we had the full year of some of that ACA. But that was one of the phenomenon that we had first quarter of 2016.
Craig Boelte: Everything that’s been build both in January and February. My commentary was if it were to end after this month, we would expect all billing for forms to be completed by the end of February.
Craig Boelte: That is correct. Now there might be some forms still that we had done that may not been built based on certain clients wishes at different times but, yes, 99 point whatever percent of that 3% is going to be the recurring fee not forms.
Craig Boelte: Yes. We don’t -- we said approximately 5% and we have not changed amount since we initially gave it out in what I believe was fourth quarter 2015. I would have to look at that. But those are the same approximate numbers we have today.
Craig Boelte: That’s correct. I mean you would efficiencies in the G&A. Sales and marketing as a whole should continue to grow and then as well as R&D. We will continue to increase our pace on the R&D side as well. And in our gross margin, what Chad mentioned, we have to hire ahead of the business. So you know there is going to be times where the gross margin fluctuates and that’s why we gave the range of 82 to 84 just because we have to hire ahead of the business coming in.
Craig Boelte: Yes. And on the G&A, 2015 was our first year of SOX compliance so we have quite a bit of G&A in that fourth quarter, getting ready for that. This year was more of a maintenance feature. So that’s kind of what I would point out. You know there's several things that go into that but that would probably be the main.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So the last updated module we talked about was 26 and then we have not updated the annualized opportunity per employee. It still remains at $400, or more than $400 is what we have said.
Craig Boelte: Well, it's been 26, I think we updated, we had 18 at the IPO which was in April of 2014. And so since then we have added on eight additional.
Chad Richison: All right. Well, thanks, Raimo. I will take the first two. First on office openings. I mean we haven't changed our strategy on that. As I had said in the past, we will be opening up offices this year. It's rare that we have ever had offices open too much before this date, February 8. I do know at one year we did announce office openings, I think with our very year-end earnings announcements. Some others have been actually announced in the second quarter. So as we get those office opened, we will be announcing it. But our strategy on that hasn’t changed. That also falls into your second part of your question, as a company we have always matured, are maturing offices, and that is where we experience a lot of our growth. I have talked about it in the past that office openings due to the way we do it, does produce somewhat of a drain on our current talent which we get all back in subsequent years. So we are very focused on our current strategy. Nothing has changed on our end. We will be continuing to open up offices this year as well as maturing as I have talked about in the past. Maturing our current group to bridge the gap in between our new business sales capacity that exists as an opportunity and what we are actually achieving. As far as the interest rates, I will turn that over to Craig.
Chad Richison: Yes. So you first question is office openings. I mean we have never guided to the number of offices that we are opening. As far as releasing it to the competition, that’s really secondary as far as my apprehension to continue to talk about what we are doing next, it's my own people. We tap people on the shoulder when they are ready, as we know they have raised their hands and as they have hit certain goals to where we are ready and that process hasn’t changed for us. And so the very first people who will know what's going on are our current people. So as we continue to have those discussion internally and identify the many different markets that we can get into and as that’s been done, then of course we would be talking about that in the future. So, again, I would point back to -- and I am not 100% for sure, but I think with the exception of maybe once and then maybe a couple of other offices early, it would have been odd for us to have opened up any offices before February 8. So we still do have the remaining of the year and we are very focused on that. As far as the ACA contribution, I think was your second question...
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean there isn't a product that we have that we use as a crutch to support future growth. It's every product in aggregate. So it's never one product and that would be the truth of ACA. ACA was a very popular product. We were very forthcoming with that and it came about and everybody had to get complaint. Most products that have a compliance piece to it are fairly popular and so it was. We have called out that it does represent a smaller portion of our overall revenue. We are not giving 2018 guidance today but I can tell you that we are set up to be a very good grower over the next several years and I think the way that we have worked our business even overcoming pretty strong growth comps last year, we are heading into Q1 with our largest comps, 63% growth from Q1. And I think that we are going to be coming out the gate strong on that.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean it would be uncommon for anything that we sell to stretch on longer than three months from a conversion standpoint. Typically they are much earlier than that. I have always taken the position that the longer you allow a conversion to take data, your data worse and worse over time, and the longer you are stuck in conversion, the harder conversion gets. So we are set up to onboard companies very efficiently and that company would follow the same on-boarding process as our other companies.
Chad Richison: And we also, I mean we do hire ahead of the revenue that we catch and I don’t know to what extent that would be, of course some of that in there. I mean we have guided to 27%, we feel like as we sit here today, that’s a good guide for us and we will be updating that as we have more information and we move along.
Chad Richison: Yes. Well, I did talk about FLSA and how it is, if it were to have not had the injunction. If it were to have continued on, it would have a very large impact on American businesses and I came out and said that and it would have. Any time you are doubling the minimum wage for salaried employees, it's going to impact many industries. So I also said that it's not something we are charging for, it's included in our government compliant module which it is. But I will also say this, I mean we have companies right now that are using our FLSA tool. There are 31 -- there are different minimum wage [caps] [ph] in 31 states. Several of them have a different minimum wage [count] [ph] based on occupation. So a company -- like Oregon has a state law or state minimum wage based on where you are located, urban or rural. Minnesota has different wages based on employer revenue. Nevada has different ones based on whether the employer offers health coverage or not. So the FLSA in staying compliant with the minimum wage count definitely is at the federal level but also you can use our tool to impact state as well. And so I do feel like it's, well, we know it's a product that’s out there. It is being used right now. It does not have an associated revenue piece to it but a lot of our products don’t. And again, it's the full solution that delivers the value proposition to our client base.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean that’s not something that we have updated. We had talked about and which is true, we sell one total product and then it's modules that clients choose to take. The longer we have had a product, the higher the adoption. And so time and attendance as a product, we have had for quite a long time. Obviously, it's going to have a higher adoption rate than a product we may have come out with a year or two ago. But it's the products as a whole that when we go in there is what we are selling. One product that has the many different modules associated. Okay. In answer to your question, all I can tell you is that it is going to be more diversified over time just because we have more products and the adoption rates of these products also increases over time. And we start off with 100% of all of our clients have the payroll module and so over time that’s obviously going to be as a percentage to be somewhat diluted in to the overall product mix.
Chad Richison: No. I would say that this year end would be similar to past year ends with the exception of the pull forward that we had due to the ACA phenomenon and companies wanting to get compliant for that next year. So outside of that, our starts have been somewhat consistent based on how they followed when the deal was booked originally.
Chad Richison: Yes. And as far as, I mean the guide this year, I am unaware of any company that had a higher growth rate in our industry then us last year. I am also unaware of any company that’s guiding to a higher growth rate then us this year. So I think we are coming off the toughest comp out there and we are pretty proud about what's going on and we are -- all indications from our sales staff which I stay close to, is that we are in really good shape as we head into this year.
Chad Richison: Yes. We have had basically the same retention rate amongst our executive reps. This group sells the overwhelming majority of our new business and we have maintained a 90% or better retention rate with that group. I had mentioned in the past to everybody that we do have some turnover amongst our newer reps but also that we had really focused on that. And as of January, we just promoted 37 executive rep or 37 people just became executive reps. And so as I had mentioned, I believe a couple of earnings calls ago we were very focused on developing our current younger group of people that are coming up and we are having success with that. So from what I see, early indications are that our turnover rate amongst new reps is down. We are having a greater success keeping our newer reps and again with executive reps its remained roughly the same.
Chad Richison: Well, compliance is always number one when it comes to R&D. It's a have to whether it's on the tax side, I mean there might be some changes whether it's ACA or others but at the end of the day we are constantly updating tax tables, new tax [counts] [ph] new filings and everything else along with whatever is thrown in to the mix, sometimes retro. So that’s always a main focus of ours as we go through prioritization, that’s always top. And then the things that follow that or really go along side with that because it's a different group that work on both. Is the continual expansion of our value proposition so that our clients can experience a better interface and a better experience by using Paycom and really eliminate waste within their organization.
Chad Richison: Well, it's not the changing of the goals that’s improving. Yes, we did change the level or the amount that someone needs to onboard because before they are able to become an executive rep. And we have done that just because people were reaching it quicker than what we had anticipated. But it's really a focus on those people that weren't getting there. And meanwhile we have a program to get people there, which is something that we needed to really focus on and make that a top priority for our sales management organization which we have done. And so it's really that. The on purpose strategic development of our new people and not allowing them to get a cut as we focus on our higher growth group. It's really the strategic focus on that group that is making the change. Again, I mean I have got about a couple of quarters information but those couple of quarters are telling me the efforts that we have made to increase retention amongst our new reps is working.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean I haven't seen any difference. So I mean now this is my fifth President, I guess that I have been through, let me count those. Four, this will be my fourth President, I guess, that I have been through with the election cycle. So I mean there is always something different. I mean in the midmarket, they are out there working their business and they are looking to eliminate waste or create efficiencies. And so that really doesn’t change -- now we haven't seen any slowdown in people's willingness to onboard on to our product based on the election results. I mean as far as FLSA goes, we are not an FLSA company. We have a product that can help with the over time count based on the new salary increases to the minimum wage which might not happen at the federal level. It could very well happen on state levels and already has as far as the actual hourly minimum wage. And so our value proposition as it relates to our government compliance, again, FLSA it's not just FLSA, it's everything that we sell in that area and we are not seeing any slowdown of government compliance tool due to the FLSA injunction.
Chad Richison: I mean some of that is based on timing of when deals come in and what the commission rates are at sales and marketing. I mean it's easy to point to R&D as being a place that we are continuing to spend. But then we will see that -- some of that comes down to timing on when the sales is on-boarding as far as what the corresponding commission rate to that is.
Chad Richison: Yes. The mature offices that we have not relocated a manager from, meaning it's a mature office but they don’t have a new manager. They have also the mature manager that’s been in there. I mean those are our best offices. You know the second would be those offices that are mature in which we have relocated a manager and then backfilled them with the manager. Those would be second. And the final piece would be those new offices that are not yet mature. So always the offices where we have maintained our current managers, do the best.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean it's really a mixed bag of what we are going to run into. We are always typically running into a competitor from the payroll side and then time and attendance. And then when it comes to the different point solution providers, whether it's on the talent side or comp side or surveys or benefits administration or what have you, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But what is very common with all of them is this, at our client base, as far as the midmarket, they often buy point solutions to solve a problem. They want to solve a problem. It's not necessarily that they have an overall strategy for how -- or that they are necessarily implementing an overall strategy often times of what do they want everything to look like. And so when we are coming in, it's not just, hey, you have got applicant tracking, we do applicant tracking. You have tax credits, we do tax credits. It's helping them implement an overall strategy for what they want their employee use cases to be. And it's through that that we are able to deliver, not just help them deliver and complete a strategy but also a product that automates that strategy. And so in doing that you are going to replace everything that the client might be using because that supports the overall strategy that the client is now implementing when they choose to Paycom. So implement Paycom.
Chad Richison: Well, yes. I mean you definitely want to be able to provide clients with those products that meet their needs. And so we are definitely focused on continuing to bring current products that we have, that our client might not have implemented yet. I will say, as I have been saying, most of our clients implement the majority of our products, over half of our products at the time of their initial conversion. So it really depends on when that client was onboarded of whether or not they have a lot of our products of if we are still needing to go back into the client base. But we do continue to sell into our current client base as we have in the past as well as adding and onboarding new clients. It's important to know that our executive sales group, which again represents a overwhelming majority of all of our business, sales business, they are unable to go out and sell something into the current client base after their clients have been onboarded with us for greater than 30 days. We have separate group that then works with the client on that and also helps the client not just sell them but helps the client with usage and can even provide additional training. So they are not just a sales resource but there are some other things that they can do as well.
Chad Richison: As far as your first question, I think we called out the exact number and that number based on whether or not it started at the end of November, the first of December, you divide by either 12 to take one twelfth of it or you might take two-twelfths of it. But that might give you a little bit of information on the exact impact that any pull forward from Q1 2016 in the start of Q4 2015 may have impacted that quarter. Craig, I will let you take the second.
Chad Richison: No. We are in a very competitive industry. Almost all deals are competitive. Typically we are going up against the incumbent and often times that plus and another vendor. So it's been very competitive and I can't speak to there being any difference in competition last year from the previous year, from even the previous year in the market that we are focused on.
Chad Richison: Yes. It would be rare that we are replacing something that’s not in the cloud in the midmarket. You just really don’t run into installed products very much anymore. So when we are out there replacing what I will point though is you can have different point solution providers where there is crossover. Where you can track candidates in three of them but you might choose one because it's better than the others and then you might use another for comp. So there is crossover amongst point solution providers as far as there functionality. And so we could go into a client, they have chosen one point solution provider for one thing very specific and they have another for something separate then that. Then we go to another company that’s using the same products and they are using all functionality in one of the point solution providers. So really it's just dependent upon how the point solution providers sold it, integrated it, and then through the reporting from there. And so for us we are going in with an overall strategy to replace all with one system.
Chad Richison: Well, I will say that anything we focus we impact and we are very very focused on bridging the gap in this. It is, as I mentioned, our new business sales capacity, a metric number was $260 million and as far as from a capacity standpoint, again, that’s new business onboard. And as far as from a capacity standpoint, I wouldn’t update that number to day. It's still the $260 million. As far as our gap, closing gap on that, we are definitely closing gap on that as we continue to work our strategy in that area. Now I believe I just introduced this about three months ago. So it would be a little early for me to give too much of an update on that other than to say that we are definitely bridging that gap, which is what we have done before. It's not a new metric for us. It's just something we shared last quarter with the general public.
Chad Richison: You know to total maturity it still takes 24 months. But we are seeing newer offices sell more to maturity. So I would say that they are doing better selling early on and they are selling more towards maturity but at the end of the day it still takes 24 months for you to have 8 sales people of carrying full quota trained and backlog in pipeline.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean definitely that’s something we manage internally. And one kind of gets the other. I mean as you bridge that gap, you are bridging it through more developed sales people and that produces a larger bench for you to back fill the relocating, the current mature relocating managers that are going in, to opening up new offices. So this is, again, as I said in the past. This isn't a new number for us. We constantly measure and manage this number. As far as where we are at and being able to achieve that number, it's not a metric that we are going to disclose from that standpoint. But it is a number that we manage and as that number grows, you know should 260 grow, which I mean achievement would make that grow. But that what's would make it grow, it wouldn’t be something where we are just taking a guess. It would be based on actual numbers achieved and again, it's a work through that process. So for us, it's something we are focused on. We do measure it and it is something that somewhat tells us, are we ready. And we feel good about where we are at right now. Just to be quite honest with you.
Chad Richison: No, we have not seen any change in the attach rate for ACA. And from our standpoint, it is still, for anyone client it is still a nominal fee that carries substantial penalties. And if I were a client in the mid-market, I wouldn’t be quick to turn this off. If they wanted to turn something off, there might be some other things that they could turn off that wouldn’t have the negative impact that this would should it stay. And we could be talking about ACA in 2028. I don’t know. But it is the current law today and we are going to continue to help clients put themselves in the best situation to be able comply with the current laws, all current laws as they exist today.
Chad Richison: All right. Well, I would like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your interest in Paycom and we look forward to our continued success in 2017. Thank you.
John DiFucci: Chad and Craig, your implied EBITDA margins for 2017 is for flat to down a little bit after a couple of years of significant expansion. I am just kind of wondering what is the thinking there. Like why is that the case given you are still going to -- you are not going to have as much growth for your guidance next year but still very robust growth on the top line.
John DiFucci: Okay. Thanks. That sounds like a good starting point. And I guess have you adjusted your 2017 guidance relative to your expectation prior to the new FLSA over time [rules] [ph] being blocked, I think you had implied at least in earlier indications for 2017 that you see some benefit from that and now that looks less certain.
John DiFucci: Great. Chad, at least the way I understand it, and correct me if I am wrong, that it was a little unclear to me but I thought you had implied that you would sell more the [government] [ph] compliance tool realizing that this is a functionality that’s included in that and people buy it for a lot of different reasons. But is there anything in guidance that implies the sale of that tool. Was it going to increase because of the FLSA currently, in current guidance.
John DiFucci: I think so. I just want to be clear though. Did you have originally in your guidance, your previous indications for 2017, any uplift in sales of the compliance tool because of the...
