Chad Richison: Sure. So Raimo, HR has been in the middle of the data transfer process between the employee and the database, out of necessity, due to lack of technology. And no, it's no longer necessary for HR to be in the middle of the data collection process. And we've been focused on driving that change in the industry and demonstrating meaningful returns and value for our clients. And so the focus that we had on that last year also coincided with the release of our app, as we redeveloped our desktop version to have a mobile first-view. And we focused on not only usage but usage mandates. We believe that like Paycom, when our clients mandate usage to the employee, it drives the return on that investment. And so I do believe that as we've seen employee usage increase and we've been able to deliver more value to our clients, they have stayed with us.
Chad Richison: Well, Raimo, I mean, we've always had a presence in the Dallas area. We have an operation center where we actually process out of that center. We also have a group of developers in Dallas as well. So the main thing is we're consolidating those facilities as well as continuing to expand in the Grapevine area, and there is a great pool of talent in the Dallas area.
Chad Richison: Well, what I would answer that is, we were already seeing great success in that market. And as you know, reps had already been allowed to market to those clients. It's just that Paycom's marketing efforts weren't directed to those clients. We've had a lot of success in that market and actually, we're having success above that market right now. And so I would see us continuing to deliver solutions to that market as well as we move throughout 2019.
Chad Richison: That's fairly granular to be able to get into that specifically. I would tell you that our quarter hasn't reacted differently from quarter to quarter as far as the mix of business that we bring in. We have continued to creep up into the upper market, not disclosed that every quarter. So I would say that the overachievement that we had in fourth quarter was really attributed to the new client wins that we were able to onboard throughout the quarter, which would include deals and some above our stated range.
Chad Richison: We're still evaluating the impact of that campaign. I mean, in general, we're happy with it. I can't - I don't know that I can even point to one revenue dollar that was achieved in 2018 that was generated through that campaign. But I do believe it's provided us some help, as again, we're marketing a new way to do something and transforming the way employees use HCM technology. And so I do believe, it's going to provide us some help as we move throughout this year.
Chad Richison: To the extent, we have planned campaigns, which we have planned campaigns throughout 2019, they're currently baked into our guidance.
Chad Richison: Yes, that's correct. We continue to sell both in the stated new range as well as above the stated new range. I mean, I went to our sales meeting a week ago last Friday, and they had sold two deals about 5,000 employees. So we've made it easier for these businesses to buy as our products become easier to both implement and use all the way up to the employee. And so I don't know. Hopefully, that answers that question. As far as the client count, Craig's got those numbers right now.
Chad Richison: Yes, we haven't made any changes to our pricing structure. As far as module selling, I mean, I've said it continuously on past calls that we've always been good at selling modules. It's getting clients to use the modules we're selling to help drive value and return on investment to themselves that I would say, like the rest of our industry, we were a little light on. And so we've really focused on getting the clients to use the products that we've already sold them. And then, of course, as we bring on new clients, usages are focused from the beginning. And so last year, we really made a shift in that. I would say, 2017, as I talked before, was a year that I'm not going to use the term necessarily struggling, but we were shifting our entire organization toward a specific strategy. And 2018, we got to reap the benefits of that strategy in being right. I've said before, we might be early, but we're not wrong with the strategy. And I do believe that right now, that as we look two years out, one year out, what have you, I don't believe you're going to have a lot of employees e-mailing, making phone calls and what have you, so the data can be input into the database. And so we're going to continue focus on bringing that to the market.
Chad Richison: Yes, I would tell you, right now, that we're very focused on growth. But as a person that started the company with an SBA loan and 13 credit cards, I mean, I've said before that old habits die hard, and we're not looking - I don't feel like we have a burning need to spend cash that we're able to generate. But if something does make sense for us - in the future for us to do something in order to goose the revenue growth, then I think those are things that we would look at. I can tell you as we've planned out 2019, I feel really good about what our strategy is for that, and that's why guidance is where it's at right now.
Chad Richison: We've continued to work on driving sales the enhancements and being able to generate greater returns off of both of our sales staff, as well as for any one team. I can tell you what I believe is driving our results right now is product strategy. If you guys have been following me for a while, I've, kind of, always said the best salesperson wins the deal, that doesn't necessarily mean the best solution does. I believe there is a shift in that right now. I think if somebody is interested in our strategy, what I'm going to tell you is a 100% employee usage mandate is where they're going to drive the most value in using the Paycom system. If somebody's interested in that strategy, then we're really who they're going to use. And that's not to say that we make clients work this strategy. I mean, if client wants to buy our product and use it the same way, they are using the older systems that they may have had and input data into one single database and that's the value they receive. I'm not going to say that we would not allow that, but we're going to do everything within our power to get that client to realize the return on investment that's available to them, if they use the product correctly. And I think our focus on that has been proliferating into other organizations as we work with both clients and prospects around these initiatives.
Chad Richison: Yes. So with the three that will be maturing in 2019 at various times because they were opened at various times, and it's 24 months to maturity. Important to note that an office does continue to mature past that initial stage, but they are fully staffed at that point, and they would be having a pipeline. And so you would deduct before that had not yet matured that we would be waiting on for 2020. And so that would leave us with 45 offices that will be - that we will have mature over some period of time during 2019.
Chad Richison: I mean, I'll just go ahead and say, on the last call I talked about updating our sales capacity number. I gave that number initially in November of 2016, about 28 months ago, and the goal is to provide some guidelines about what we were thinking about sales and how high sales achievement could go for any one sales rep and any one office. Since then, we've done a lot of work on ourselves, and we've made progress on employee usage strategy and other areas that impact that number as well. And I'm not going to necessarily say we broke the model, but I mean, I've already got two reps just in the first month of this year that are averaging over $1 million in the sales already. Our last - our top rep last year sold more than anyone sold before. So our sales number does continue to increase. Additionally, the sales capacity figure did not account for additional business such as first quarter forms, up sales to current clients, any of our inside sales. So it's become more competitively sensitive to discuss that number without talking about what is all - what all goes into it. So that's not a number that we're going to be updating, moving forward.
Chad Richison: We open up offices when it make sense. It is based on opportunities that we have internally to develop currently our backfill reps, as well as those mature offices managers we would be relocating to start up these offices or sales teams, if you will. And so we're continued - we continue to focus on that. We will be opening up offices this year. But we also feel really good at where we're at with being able to achieve our numbers right now with the production that we're seeing across the board within our sales organization.
Chad Richison: I don't know that I've gone into that a whole lot, if I'm taking - I mean, definitely, we've continued to add larger clients to our platform. And I've discussed that every quarter. We continue to do that. I'm going to go back to what I said earlier about, we've always been really good at delivering what we believe our clients are going to use upfront. As a reminder, our sales reps are not able to go back into the current client base and upsell them new products after that client's been onboarded with us for longer than 30 days. So because of that, in the analysis stage, we look to deliver those products. We believe the clients going to need and use upfront. And so I would have to say, it's more weighted toward us moving upmarket and selling some larger clients than what it would be necessarily attach rates. What I will say though, is that the usage of those products that we have sold is continuing to move higher.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I would say that, first of all, we go - when we're about 1,000, I can't say that we've run into a different competitor that we didn't previously know of or hadn't competed with in the past. Is selling to the upmarket still complex? Sometimes it is. It's somewhat dependent upon the goals of the organization and how they're set up currently. But also, we're starting to see more of them come to us. I mean, I think over time - and I talk about this as one of the first statements I've made that you look back 20 years ago, our products were complex. You look back five years ago, we had an easier product but it did complex things, and what have you. And so - and HR has been really happened to work hard to keep all the data correct. Most of these systems - whether or not the data is correct or not is based on how well HR has been interfacing with those employees and being able to grab that data. So that's changing now. And we believe as HR offloads the data input process, it's going to allow them to create more meaningful relationships with their staff and help drive even greater results. And so we've been focused on that ourselves.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean, I can tell you that we've always sold larger customers and we've always sold more of them as we've added more reps and what have you. And so we've always sold at the top end of our margin. I believe the retention is related to usage of our software and driving real results for those clients. I mean, I've said it before that didn't cost any extra to use our system the right way. And as we're gen [ph] taking employee usage from 3% at an organization to 87% at an organization, that's making a very strong impact for those clients. And as they become acclimated to that way of doing something, it can be very exciting for both of our clients - for both our clients and us as well as what opportunities exist for all of us in the future.
Chad Richison: Well, what I would say about that is I think, it's more about cost versus price. What's the overall cost of the system when you include the ROI and what have you. If it's just about price, I wouldn't say that Paycom would be a fit for that. If we haven't differentiated our solution in a deal, I don't know that we would be ready to provide price. So I would just tell you this, we're focused on ROI. Does that mean that you don't have to have some scale pricing for extremely large clients? Well, sure you do, because at some point, the base fees becomes eaten up in that price expansion for each additional life. And so sure, I think that we'll have that as we scale, and we have. But I don't really think our price versus any one of our competitors are necessarily a fair way to compare us when a buyer's making a decision, they should base it based on what is going to be the return on investment of that decision. And also, what else are they going to have to add around one of our competitor system to exact the result that we're going to be driving for them. And so I'll just kind of leave it at that. I am not - I haven't - thus far, I can't say that we're winning deals, well, we aren't winning deals based on price. Does that mean we haven't in the past? I mean, I'm sure we've got a sales rep out there, here and there, where that's happened before. But as we identified that, those aren't things that we are looking to continue.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, consistent with past comments, we don't telegraph specifically of what we're working on. I can tell you that in R&D, you're going to have an amount dedicated to maintenance as tax laws change, as labor laws change, we do have items that are mandated to us, you have to make those changes in the system in order to keep your clients compliant. And so you're always going to dedicate a certain amount to that. You're going to dedicate a certain amount to module enhancements. Those are current modules that you have that with greater usage, new opportunities for cost reduction strategies throughout an organization develop, and it allows you to develop more in that. And then, the third bucket that I would say that we continue to focus on is innovation and that would be bringing new tools and new concepts to the HCM market that may not currently exist or might exist in a different more complicated form.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, any regulations that are more complicated to the employers is something that we would look to try to help them out with obviously, so...
Chad Richison: Yeah, I would say, it's really all the above. I mean, it's definitely driving better results for us amongst our current client base and then as those employees, for one reason or another, transfer into other businesses that might not currently use Paycom. They're bringing us in. I mean, I can tell you story after story about individual employee that walked into different businesses, and we're getting leads from it. As a matter of fact, we were receiving so many leads from it, some of them won't yet through to the sales organization and we had to identify that even. So this is something we've been focused on. But I mean, it all comes down to doing the right thing for the client and helping them be able to transform their employee base into this strategy. And it's like this, the first week, there's always data that's coming in for HRA to input. They talk to their employees, show them how to use these system appropriately, and week three, there's less input coming in. And week two, there's less. And within a month, we can typically transform an entire organization to very close to maximum usage within our system. And so we've been very focused on that. And I do believe that, that is not only impacting the ROI and value for our clients, but it's a proved source of what we're able to use as we're going and talk with prospects.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, I would suspect they have the same product today as they did yesterday. So I would suspect that their impact on us would be the same.
Chad Richison: Yes, look, I don't think it's a bad thing. I mean, I think if you're looking at kind of replatforming your product so that you can really compete in the market and for the future, for what's coming out in the future, I think, potentially, it's good move. I just - I don't know all the answers to that. Again, Paycom, we're staying in our own lane, we're focused on what we know we can control and really drive value for our clients, and I'm really excited about the fact that I believe 2018 was the best year we've had as a company in 20 years. And I got to see a company really shift and drive that. We've had three major events in our 20 years of business, which we celebrated in November and the first event was the Internet. And I don't know if anybody that beat us to the Internet. And second event for us was focusing on a single database and developing that out, and I've yet to see someone do that. And now we're focused on taking that single database and driving it all the way to the employee where it belongs. And it belongs there because that's where technologies met us today. And so we're very excited about our opportunities here in 2019 and beyond. We've got the right strategy. Now we've just got to continue to work our process and drive results.
Chad Richison: So first, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. As many of you may know, in 2018, we celebrated our 20th year in business. While it's been an amazing journey to get here, I still feel very excited about the potential of what we yet to achieve. And so we appreciate your interest and look forward to speaking with many of you in the months to come. Operator, you may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes, Mark, so the client count based on fed ID is 23,533. And then, based on parent company group is 12,754.
Craig Boelte: Well, I mean, as we're starting '19, I'd like to point out that we're really starting at a level that's higher than where we started '18. But as we're looking at the spend for '19, now we're continuing to spend in the R&D area. You've seen it continue to tick up and then, just kind of across the rest of the organization just to as well just in slight amounts. But then, we kind of - we'll see kind of as we go throughout the year on the sales and marketing.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean, there's different variables that go into that, that conversion from adjusted EBITDA into the operating cash flow. One thing that we don't really guide to is - on free cash flow is the CapEx. And we kind of mentioned the Grapevine building. And so what I would say, at least on the free cash flow side, we would expect our CapEx kind of as a percent of revenue to be similar in '19 to what it was in '18, but maybe a little bit back-end loaded in terms of that CapEx.
