Chad Richison: Thanks Harry. So this is a product that we actually released to our sales organization three weeks ago. I know that we have brought in one deal as of last week I believe and it's in conversion right now. So it's still very early. This is a product we’ve been working on for a year but really we started this when we entered the talent management market about 2.5 years ago. We knew this would be an area that we would end up developing out. And as we listen to both prospect and customer demand, this was an area that we thought would have some traction. And so we’ve developed that out like with any products we do develop. We do develop products out that we expect to be best-in-class and we would expect the same with LMS. As far as pricing, this will raise our overall cost per employee which we have right now just to annualize which we have right now stands at about 400. We haven't given any hard, fast numbers on exactly how much that would be but this will be an additional cost as an add-on to our talent management functionality.
Chad Richison: Yes. We definitely had a focus group come in as we were going through our development of the product. And some of the focused group were our current customers. All companies, especially customers that we work with or prospects that we actually sell in our employee count range that we go after, they are all providing training at some level for their employees. And so they are all doing this either using another product or more often than not we’re going to be seeing them using multiple products and doing it manually. There are number of products that you could cobble together to actually perform these tasks which many companies do. And then there are also companies out there that do this through their Learning Management System, you mentioned one earlier. And so, we’re going to be seeing a mix of both and we are excited to be getting out there with this product.
Chad Richison: We are definitely happy that we were able to open up five this first quarter. I know we somewhat set a trend and then we opened up five first quarter of 2013. We are always looking for the opportunity to open up new offices and as I mentioned before, our model is, we take an existing sales manager who has proven, relocate them to a new office and then backfill them with an up and coming sales rep who has proven to be a leader and therefore able to be a sales manager. So, a little harder to do when you have seven offices and it's gets a little easier when you have 15 officers and gets little easier when you have 31 and 36 offices. And so, we still do have a bench of sales managers that are ready to relocate. We also have a bench of people that are ready to backfill them. Right now we are going to focus on absorbing those offices that we have opened to ensure success. And then as we make moves in subsequent quarters, we will definitely be announcing those.
Chad Richison: I will say this, as far as the 3,700 employee company, we chose this from a sampling of clients that we've actually brought on. I can't point to the exact sales rep that has sold this. This may have been a sales rep that's been with this for four months. We have a world-class training program. We do put out reps that can sell enterprise level companies right now and if you want to say enterprise is above 2,000, or enterprise is above 3,000, we’ve proven that quarter-after-quarter as we have continued on. So, we are looking to continue to add sales reps at the new offices that we're opening right now, five new offices we are opening, we’ll be adding sales reps to that. We’ll continue to add sales reps to maintain 100% staffing in the offices we're in. We have chosen the model that we chosen to be able to actually hire very intelligent people with Bachelor Degrees or better. Some have outside sales experience, many do not. Some are changing career. We have chosen that model. We do feel like we have great success with that. I do think our numbers from last year and years prior actually reflect that. So, I'm very proud of the group that we have our sales group. I think they are second to none. And if I could find better people to do it a better way, then we would be a change into the model. But again we feel very confident in our model and the success we are having.
Chad Richison: We have really been focused on those clients that have greater than 100 employees for a while. Now I say that in 2013, we put out as part of our S-1 filing, we put out that 86% of our revenue came from companies that had greater than 50 employees and we definitely are not going to ignore that market either. But we do have sales reps that continue to gain confidence in our value proposition as well as a market that's gaining confidence in our value proposition as we've moved up market. And again as someone has success selling a 2000 employee company, and then you realize that 3000 employee company isn’t that much different. And we have success selling that. And then as we have more sales reps by nature we’re going to sell more of them. And so, I’m not going to say that we’re necessarily shifting our market in a different direction, we’re just having people that are having success selling businesses. This isn't our first quarter to have companies that have well over 2000 employees on-boarded onto our system and so. I see that trend continuing as well as ICS to continue to sell in the mid-market, which we’ve been successful at.
Chad Richison: I wouldn't be able to necessarily say, because our ACA product is a part of our overall system, it's not something that at this point in time we’re charging more for. It’s included in our system. There will be some additional fees if everything holds together and the rigs are correct and everything. At the end of 2015, first of 2016 as we file Form 1094s, as well as Form 1095s for both employers and employees. I couldn’t necessarily say that ACA is providing us a tailwind it is a conversation piece. And I do think that the way we provide our ACA products very important for clients especially those that want to do less of the work, because again if you have our benefits administration system, time and attendant system, and document storage system, all in one system, you have a substantial amount of work already completed for you and everything is right there. And so I think the way we tied it together probably has helped us win some deals. I don’t know if we wouldn’t have won those deals anyway. So it’s just hard to quantify the tailwind that's there.
Chad Richison: They have always been very competitive and I would actually include our large incumbent as SaaS vendors. They do have SaaS offerings. It would be very rare for us to go out and convert someone from an installed product today. If we're converting someone from one of our competitors whether it's a newer SaaS competitor or whether it’s an incumbent vendor, we’re converting them from their SaaS offering. And so, our competitors have always been extremely competitive and we continuously see them innovate their products and that hasn't changed in this last quarter.
Chad Richison: I would go back to what I said early and maybe try to explain on that little bit more. Our competitors whether it be incumbent or other SaaS - traditional SaaS providers, have always been extremely competitive. It's really about the total value proposition. The cloud hasn't been a key differentiator for us for probably eight years. When we're going up against our competitors, they are in the cloud, they’re using their cloud version or a true cloud product. And so, and from the client side that's what they know. They log in on the Internet, it’s there, it's on the Internet, and it allows them to do their work. And so, it is not unlike years passed all of these vendors be it incumbent or SaaS vendors continue to get better at what they do. And that's why we have continued to innovate our product to keep what we feel is a very strong value proposition for those clients.
Chad Richison: Right. We do get that question, I mean I think back to your prior statement, the numbers do reflect what's going on here. Now this isn't our first, we've been in business since 1998, and in 2008 we didn't have 36 officers or even 20 or 15 officers. And so, we were heavily concentrated in the Southwest in the Midwest. And we went through the oil crisis or whatever you want to call it then, with very little impact on our business. I mean as oil prices go down, it does have a tendency to hurt many companies and their employment. And then other companies do get a little bit of an uptick when the price of oil goes down. And so, we aren’t heavily concentrated across any one industry. We are very diversified in that and I think that helped us. An answer to your question would no, we have not seen any impact that we could point to based on the price of oil.
Chad Richison: I could necessarily answer that, I mean as I sit here today, I mean we’re going to be responsible with the way we grow the company both our topline as well as, - as you mentioned the adjusted EBITDA and our margins. And so, we’re going to continue to do that and do it in a way that make sense. I think as long as we're having success doing what we’re doing, we’re going to do that. And the market in the U.S., is over $20 billion market today and that's the outsource piece and so you have a whole other side that doesn’t currently a user vendor. And so, we are squarely focused on the market that we have today, there is a lot of opportunity for us as well as others that are out there. And so, we’re going to look to capture that as we sit here today.
Chad Richison: That's not something we’ve talked about but it is true that the longer and offices opening, is opened the stronger their pipeline and one can deduct from that, the more they are going to sell over time.
Chad Richison: No, we are continuing to staff, we’ll have to continue to staff those new offices as well as continue to ramp up the offices that we opened last year and so that's reflected in adjusted EBITDA number.
Chad Richison: R&D spend for 2015 is going to continue to increase. We’re very focused on our R&D, we’re very focused on product creation, as we’re able to roll-out several products last year, one substantial product also at the beginning of this year that we talked about. We actually had other pieces of functionality that have been rolled out as well although not a significant in fees, overall significant to what we’re able to do and so. We're going to continue that into the year. We’re in a business that it’s a hard business. I mean payroll are hard business, understanding taxes, reciprocity laws, deposit filling rules, ACH rules, settlement rules and whatever, it’s hard business. And so, you have to continue to staff for that, and stay on top of that because it's ever-changing. And so, we’re going to continue to do that and focus on that and with that, yes we will continue to add to our R&D group in 2015.
Chad Richison: Well, I definitely think, LMS is something that in the past had been some unreserved for larger businesses of companies that we work with as far as the larger end of the mid market. But I also believe companies that have 50 employees can use an LMS system. I mean they are providing training at 50 and 75 and 100 employees. I mean all rules are starting to apply, training is important. And so, they are providing this to their employees at some level. They are training their employees. They are having their employees go through standard ethics training and other training. And so, I also think it depends on what type of company it is to whether or not they would be more geared toward offering it sooner it rather than later. But I do feel like this is a product that you’re going to see pick up. Again, the easier something is to distribute it, the more companies, the more businesses that are going to purchase it. And so, I think with our product we’ve made it extremely easy to distribute. If you are client with us today, you already have it. All you have to do is call and we can turn it on for you. And so, it makes it easy to distribute the employees are already used to signing in, they are already use to using the full suite of products. And so, I do believe it can have an impact for the smaller end of our mid market as well.
Chad Richison: I can take that. This is Chad. From the revenue perspective, the five offices we've opened in the first quarter will represent a very, very small, somewhat non-existent amount of revenue for us as it relates to 2015. It really going to start having an impact toward the end of 2016 and again they should reach maturity in 2017, as it takes that 24 months. And so, I think again we are going to be very responsible with how we open up offices. We are not going to sacrifice adjusted EBITDA. We don't feel like we’ll need to in order to open up offices. There is multiple levers that we have here and a way to calculate that and one is continuing to generate a good revenue, profitable revenue that we're bringing in to the business. And so, that's the way we are looking at it. We have opened up five, the guidance we’re giving right now is guidance based on those five, as we move into subsequent quarters and if we choose to open up additional offices at that time. We are going to be responsible in a way we've given our guidance and we're going to open them up responsibly. And so, I think we are very comfortable with the guidance we've given today. And we’re going to stand behind that.
Chad Richison: What I want to make sure I understand your question. I guess what I'm saying is that, the offices that we've opened in first quarter of this year as they start, we start hiring into those offices and as those reps start going to training, and then as the rep start building a pipeline, and then as they sell a deal, and then as we start converting that business, and then bring it over as revenue, it's going to take some time. But it will still follow the same timelines that all of our other offices have followed, in which they’ll reach maturity in 24 months. And so, the bulk of the business that we will be bringing on this year, as well as subsequent year, and any years that we've done prior, comes from those offices that are already mature, that have been opened for 24 months or longer with as you mentioned the little bit of sprinkling from the new offices.
Chad Richison: I think that's our last question. So I want to thank everyone for participating in today’s call. We had a great first year as a public company. We remain very excited about our value proposition. It continues to resonate as clients look for an easier way to do complex things. And we look forward to continued growth and progress into 2015. So, thank you.
Craig Boelte: No, that's just the range we gave. As we continue to open the offices, we need to staff and train ahead of that growth and to handle that new business coming in. So we'll continue to have cost discipline in the gross margin but you don't want to give a range in that just to handle that growth.
Craig Boelte: Yeah, I will tell you that, we really use radio as more of a branding if you will for companies that we’re already in. Maybe little bit of a softening the beaches. We get very little business from either radio advertising or even pay per click type advertising. So our sales model is direct. We also do have referrals that we do receive from both our current clients and third-party influencers. And so it's hard to say, but our phone isn’t ringing from the radio ads. But they’re good branding. And if we're already in there talking to someone, and they do hear our ad, it is some good branding.
Craig Boelte: It's a part of a marketing - it’s one piece of our overall marketing strategy which includes radio, direct mail, through email, training seminars and I can continue on and on.
Craig Boelte: Our adjusted EBITDA guidance we are guided through the full year as well as the first quarter. Obviously our first quarter included those five new offices that we’re opening. And as new offices come on, the cost of those new offices comes on over time as well. So at this point, we’ve definitely included for those five offices opening first quarter.
Craig Boelte: We are always going to look at opportunities, during the year and I would say, we obviously had some room, for opening new offices throughout the year.
