ChadRichison: Yes. And so think about the direct data exchange is almost like a health check of our system. I mean if you're driving a vehicle you have a dashboard that tells you how your oil is and everything else, and that's what this is. It shows how our system is working and so the direct data exchange tracks the number of direct data changes made into the system by employees. It also tracks the changes that are duplicative or being made indirectly. And so our clients use this to help drive ROI for themselves, and we're having a lot of success with it. These usage numbers continue to ramp with this. And I believe that this type of strategy and the direct data exchange is really the death knell, if you will, to the indirect data collection process that exists right now in our industry.
ChadRichison: Yes. Well, it does definitely a lot of the things that we're working on are being developed to support our strategy of employee usage. I believe that businesses that lack an employee usage strategy are going to find it hard to compete and even more difficult to attract and retain talent. And businesses in our industry that lack an employee usage strategy will find it hard to compete in our own industry. And so we're very much focused on this initiative. I've been talking about this for two years. We are now having clients on board and they are agreeing to a full employee usage strategy. And that means that all changes as it relates to employee data would be made by employees when relevant. Obviously, employees aren't going to change their own rate of pay, but most things are being changed by employees in our system. This is the way for the future and we're really using it to show as just an additional proof source to our clients of the ROI that can be driven when you use our system correctly. And that's really what we've been working on is getting our clients to use our system the correct way. And we're focused. As far as opportunities it presents for us in the future, once we have client employees all engaged in the system for each data point change, obviously that opens up additional opportunities of development for us. We've been focused on that as we have identified several opportunities that exist. It changes the model of the way our industry works. And so there's a lot of exciting things coming.
ChadRichison: Yes. So we're continuing to mature all of our offices or even are mature offices continued to increase their capacity. And opening up new offices as part of our strategy. I mean there's several cities we are not in. There are cities that were significantly under penetrated with the current sales offices that we have. And we would look to add additional sales offices to those geographies as well. But we are also focused on what's the right pace for us. Again, we will be opening up sales offices here in 2019 and continuing that strategy to set us up for subsequent years.
ChadRichison: Sure. I mean there's definitely -- you'll see some difference in the way large companies use this type of technology and smaller companies. However, the employee of a five employee company or even an employee of a 100 employee company is going to use similar or have similar tasks that need to be automated as an employee that might have 5,000. And so we've been focused on that. We are continuing to have strong client ads within the upper end of our market, which would be up to 5,000. We are also seen clients on board that again are above the top end of our range as we have made it much easier to sell on our end, as well as we've made it easier for clients to buy as the ROI becomes more clear into focus with these strategies.
ChadRichison: Yes. So last year we did, I would say double down on this initiative to help market our product toward a new end user. Since the beginning of time our end user has always been the HR Payroll operating manager and it still is today. They are the end user, however, with an employee engagement strategy you are able to add value to even what the end users are using with greater employee usage. And so you will have noticed that our marketing efforts about 18 months to 24 months ago are really started shifting toward that employee user to help soften the beach is really for our clients that want more employee engagement, as they are now directing employee usage.
ChadRichison: Yes. So I mean before you didn't really know how your employees were using the system. You may have thought employees were really using the system. You may have even thought employees weren't and so what the Direct Data Exchange does is assign a number directly to what employees are doing. We've seen clients go from 30% usage up to 90%. Even what we call good has changed over time as we're moving all clients up into the 90 percentile and getting some to a hundred. And so that's what we've been focused on. Again, it's a big shift in our industry when you're talking about how to use product different. And we've been having to drive that. And how clients use the products correctly. They are --some are still used to doing it the old way and where employees might send emails, make phone calls and what have you and that information be input by a client representative versus the employee themselves. And so and it's not just about inputting data. It's about information retrieval as well. When this information exists and it's accurate, it's in the hands of the employee. There are a lot -- there is a lot that can be done to increase productivity for both that employee worker as well as the client overall. And we've continued to stay focused on that and in the DDX or the Direct Data Exchange product just reflect the health of each organization's HCM product that they've deployed.
ChadRichison: Sure. Well, first on the percentage of those clients that have committed to a 400 employee usage strategy. I don't have the exact percentage but I can tell you it was zero fourth quarter. And so first quarter was really the first time we really drove it from the sale side. We've been driving usage with our client base now for a couple of years. We then backed it all the way up to the sales process to gain sponsorship of this type of activity before the system is deployed. My personal opinion is I think it's difficult for companies to buy HCM products in this environment, if they're not going to fully leverage it all the way out to the employee, because again employers use consumer grade type technology everywhere else in their life. They're not emailing their bank asking them to add a payee or void a check. So I don't understand why we're doing it in our industry. And that's the shift and so percentages, I don't know but it's gone from zero to quite a bit. As far as the retention number, a little bit of correction on that. That retention gain was for all of last year. We have not reported quarter one retention numbers, but I do believe as people use our product, the way it is intended in there and they're generating greater ROI that should have an impact on retention. I mean if you've bought our hammer and you've been using the claw side of that hammer to beat and pound in a nail and it's working, imagine if you turn it around the other way and use it correctly. And we're seeing that happen. It doesn't cost our clients anymore to use our product correctly. And when it happens, we're able to demonstrate a very strong ROI that's being realized by our client base. And it's being a generally accepted with all of the clients and prospects that we are engaging with.
ChadRichison: I do believe that the more someone uses our system, the more proficient they become in it, and so at some level it does allow, when you're both aligned to the same service results, it does allow for some additional capacity on the service side. We don't charge for using our product correctly. It doesn't cost any more, but you could have some areas that are somewhat ancillary to the direct billing items that could provide additional value to us at the margin.
ChadRichison: Yes. It was a strong quarter for implementation and our implementations are still as they've been in the past as far as timelines and what have you. We are seeing greater usage prior to implementation as we continue to drive usage even prior to the full deployment go-live of the system.
ChadRichison: We have not updated our long-term targets right now. We are continuing to review that and we're definitely focused on being a high-growth company. I think that's the other side of this. We're focused on growth right now. I mean this is the third consecutive quarter that our growth has accelerated over prior years same period. And as far as our --what we're guiding to same point today is what we were in last year, our guidance numbers are all-- we're seeing those a higher than what they had been last year at the same time. And so we're focused on that. We're definitely mindful company of our margins. And so we definitely want to be efficient in everything we do, but we're definitely focused on our growth opportunities here as we believe things has changed in our market. And I think it's a new day which is a good for all of our clients and prospects that are out there looking to gain more efficiency through deployment of this type of technology.
ChadRichison: Yes. I would say the mix has been consistent as it's been in the past. I can't call out that we have a greater amount as a percentage of up sales today than we've had in the past. Again, the largest upscale year as a percentage that we had was during the rollout of ACA. It's somewhat returned back to normal after that and it's been consistent with years past as far as the mix between new client adds and up sales to current clients.
ChadRichison: Yes. Well, definitely, as you identify and to some extent incentivize appropriate usage of the system, they does become somewhat of a cadence or regular action for employees that becomes predictable and at appropriate times you can automate certain functions that make sense. We're always a client that first looks at what the problem that exist today. We don't try to create a piece of technology and then go create a problem that needs to be fulfilled. And so, as we look at the problems that exist for our clients and the user buyers, we look to automate more of that. As this has been pushed out to the employee base, it's identifying greater opportunities for both our clients as well as for Paycom to be able to fulfill that through additional software development.
ChadRichison: Yes. So I mean there is inefficiencies throughout the HCM system, right now, if you have employees that could be using multiple products, email and phone call, even to request time off, you could show up tomorrow and you've got 15 emails on people requesting time off, you got to go and look at the schedule, decide if you've got enough coverage whether or not to approve that time off. I mean, that's one example versus in a complete full system that has both time and attendant scheduling and everything else. The employee can make that decision themselves at night without talking to HR based of the appropriate rules that have already been set up in the system, which we do on our end. So there's those examples, there's editing examples, making change to benefit enrollment, expense management, mileage tracking, general HR and onward. And so, learning management is another piece. And so those are all initiatives that we continue to drive and make more efficient. And I will say this, I mean, both clients and HR before, this is their idea. HR has been trying to put this together. They've done it in many cases. I mean, I think HR departments and accounting departments and procurement and operating departments across the board have really looked to drive these strategies. I mean HR isn't in the middle of a data collection process because they want to be, they are in the middle of the data collection process out of necessity. Because if they hadn't been in the middle of the data collection process, in the past the data wouldn't have even had an opportunity to be correct. Well, it's not necessary for HR to be in the middle of that particular process anymore. And when you remove them out of it, it helps for their own efficiencies, because no one went to get a degree in this type of structure with the intent of doing a lot of data input. And so, we are being able to show a lot of our ROI by increasing these efficiencies across the board.
ChadRichison: Everywhere. I don't see why anybody wouldn't use it to be honest with you. Just, it doesn't make sense anymore of why somebody wouldn't deploy a full employee usage strategy. No reason why you wouldn't do it if you already were doing it, I guess. If you already had a full strategy going and it's working for you, but outside of that it's where everybody should be trying to get. I don't know that there's much ways you can get better at the software side and when you look at HR, I mean I see them becoming as they have more and more strategic over time as they look to go toward more revenue generating activities versus something that's primarily all cost. I mean you're great at data input, great, but it's not something that you necessarily have to do.
ChadRichison: Yes. So I'll take the first question and let Craig do the latter. Our mix we've always sold at the upper-end of our market. I mean I remember prior to IPO in 2014, I was talking about five companies at that time that had over 4,000 employees that we had sold the quarter before. And so -- and that was with a much smaller sales organization and a different product. And so I just want to point that out that we've always sold at the upper-end of our market. It's really about those businesses that we market to. So I can't call out a different mix of clients today versus what we've done in the past other than to say we've always had success at the upper-end of our markets. So now I'll let Craig talk about the other.
CraigBoelte: Well on the interest rate flow, we went from about a $1 billion last year at this time $1.2 billion to quarter over same quarter last year. That still our client funds. So we invest them just like we have in the past. There were some upticks in rates last year. As we looked at guidance this year we're not anticipating any additional rate increases at this point.
CraigBoelte: Well, in terms of the implementation revenue, Mark, that's implementation and another so as we recognize implementation revenue, we actually recognize that over a 10-year period, so there's going to be some clock revenue in that number as well. It was a strong quarter for implementation.
CraigBoelte: Yes. And I would say on the margin, I mean, as Chad mentioned, we've always been in the mid-market as well as the upper mid-market. So it's not like we're going to abandon one, the lower -- between the 50 and 2,000. So I can't see our margin changing a whole lot. I mean, we've already had this mix over time anyway.
