Chad Richison: Sure. So, I mean, I'll take your last question first and circle back. But, in regards to Everyday, we put it out there because there are industries and certain companies that have moved toward a more pay as you want type program, typically for lower wage earners. Our product that we put out there allows early wage access or everyday access to wages. And the employer is not on the hook. It's not a loan, so the employee is not charged. And oftentimes, these amounts are guesstimated. And then if the employee leaves early, or if they didn't collect all of the deductions for the employee, the employer is on the hook. And so, all I would say is it, it’s meeting a need that's already out there. I do not suggest that business has changed to a daily pay environment, but some of them are already out there. And so, it gives us an opportunity and it's linked to our bulk card. In regards to your first question about demand, demand for us is still very strong, especially with outside sales and new bookings. We're booking larger deals. We're booking $2 million deals, $3 million deals. We hadn't booked those before. So, outside sales is strong and up year-over-year. Inside sales, which sells small business or smaller emerging business below 50 employees is also up year-over-year. We do have a metric within our business model that sells that's down year-over-year and that's our CRR sales. The CRR group upsells current clients and this group’s been down year-over-year and honestly, that's because, we've remained very disciplined in converting our client base to Beti, you had that first group that came on and then we've been out selling the others. It's a lot of work for our CRR with very little revenue opportunity for them. So, we've actually given compensation accelerators to incentivize the group to sell it, but it's still a smaller revenue product or billing item for us. So, while self-inflicted, I mean, we are having CRR's focus on Beti. And that's cost us $15 million to $20 million in bookings this year. But, again we’re doing the accelerator commission for the CRRs to make-up for the lower revenue. We've been changing out the jet engines on our plane in mid-flight here. I mean, Beti, dramatically changes the way our clients do their payroll, produces a dramatic ROI. So, we have to remain disciplined. We're not going to make a client go on it. We have to sell them on it and, it takes a while. Once you sell a deal, it takes a while. CRRs have to be out there to convert them. So, I think we're doing something like triple. We're tripling their commissions, for what they're going to be missing out. But for us, it's significant, because employees are going to be doing their own payroll. Millions already are with Paycom. Employees who do their own payroll don't want to go back to the guessing game. So, while Beti is a small revenue amount for Paycom, it produces strong employee and employer advocates, which produce more leads for our outside sales group. And, with less than 5% of the market, we'll recapture the delayed opportunities in due time.
Chad Richison: Samad, I'll let Craig kind of comment a little bit on that. From my perspective, I mean, there's really only one metric that's given away for us and that's the fact that we're having CRR spend three days converting a very small revenue item for a client that produces strong ROI. I think it's a season that we're in. As far as the percentage growth, I mean, you guys have the numbers, we've talked about what we earn on interest as they've increased. We've also talked about how that's layering in. So, I know there's different models out there and they all seem fairly consistent with one another. I don't plan on giving any of the back, but if you want to take it out, I think that's a fair thing.
Chad Richison: Yes. So, we rolled out Canada and that included all territories and provenance in Canada. We rolled out full service payroll where we're doing direct deposit taxes, everything. We've already got clients that are signed up in the pilot have been for a while. We really focused on those countries that our U.S. based clients already have as an opportunity. We could see that because we rolled out our Global HCM product. And, we rolled out our Global HCM product based on people rig in our system for these other countries. So, we're continuing to roll out countries. We'll be rolling out more countries this year. We're not picking the easiest countries. We're picking the countries that have the greatest amount of U.S. based company employees. And so, that's where we're focused first, I don't see us rolling out a sales office in Canada, right now, just because we have so much opportunity as we continue to go upmarket. As I've been mentioning, we're getting a larger and larger at-bats for our business, which, Beti drives a strong result in ROI for them as well.
Chad Richison: Bookings kind of flow in. They don't come in right away. So I mean, there would be, some amount of that, you wouldn't get all of that this year, but I mean, we look at how much we were up last year and how much were not this year the big, the dramatic change there, but really it just comes down to we've still got about 40% of our client base, not on Beti, and that ROI is available, if not, we're servicing two different products sets here. So, the Forrester study was put out, talked about how it's 90% of the savings. I mean, and it's significant there. Employees and employers are having success with it. And so, we didn't just start doing this. We really started doing this end of last year, but we've been seeing the impact just because it takes a while. And the CRR is really the only group we can send out to a client, to help with that change management and be there for the first payroll on Beti and walk them through the data sets. And so that's the group that we're using to do it. And so, but in answer to your question, not 100% of $20 million would have what we have realized in revenue this year. I will say though with CRRs, it comes in pretty quick. I'd say they sell it one month and most of its up within four to six weeks with that group.
Chad Richison: I would say that it's been a harder slog to move Beti than, in this last group. But, I mean, it's impacting us, but we have to stay disciplined in it. It's -- once we get these clients moved over to Beti, it's a very little revenue piece for them, but it's a significant amount of ROI. It also makes servicing clients easier for us, just because you don't have the paper cuts that come with an HR and payroll department trying to do it for the employee.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I wouldn't say Everyday was holding us back at all, because people had options for that, as you know, there's daily pay options out there. And so an answer to your question and what we would go after in Everyday, that would be someone that's using some other product where employees are having to pay. And in some states, the client may not be compliant, because taxes are due. We'll often also see Everyday used in more of a quick service type environment or in an area where you might have more transient workers that typically work shorter periods of time for any one business, the normal groups you'd expect there. That would be different than what we'd expect with Canada. I mean Canada is going to be any client that has employees in Canada, and it's also the first time that we've been in business now 25 years. It's the first time that we've developed another country, and it's not like a country. It's multiple provinces, territories. And as we look at the next countries we're developing, it's the same type of thing. These countries are large entries. But we're well on our way. And like I said before on the last call, there was really only one thing holding us back from going up market. And that's the fact that we didn't have international capabilities. And with our global HCM product and now with our first expansion into Canada, we're well on our way with that.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, the Forrester data is -- it's helpful. I mean, especially if you played it correctly to any client. It's hard for me to, I mean, I said I thought we would have all converted within 18 months and we're going to be past, we may be past that point, but we're coming up on being past that point, if not. And so I guess, there's an incredible amount of value that automatically associated with clients rushing to capture that value. There's also some change management on the client side. I've also talked about I'm not going to force a client to go on it. So, we do have to sell it. And then because it’s a smaller revenue item, we've got to incentivize our sales reps another way to sell it to be able to keep them whole on commissions and what have you so that we get what we want. So, it's hard to answer that question. But we're focused on it. I will say this, we've got some groups of CRRs and sales managers that are closer to having their clients converted than others. And so, you have that and we continue to bring out new products. So, I mean, I think that, for all of them, they're going to be in this just for a little bit to get the rest of them going.
Chad Richison: And quarter four really has much more variability. We have probably 20% of our clients that are brand new to us. So when you think of that, we don't necessarily know how they're going to pay bonuses and if they're going to pay bonuses. So, a little more, uncertainty in that Q4 as we move throughout the year.
Chad Richison: No. I mean, our marketing efforts are a little bit different. And answer to the question on the sales motion. No. I mean, back in the day, I mean, every client's different, but today, employees are the same. I mean, it’s just what we're dealing with. There's no such thing as a large market employee versus a small market employee. They've got all have perfect payrolls and what have you. And so our approach to selling because we're selling one system is very similar. The prospecting methods, meaning the methods through which you go to get appointments are they're a little bit different in how we're doing that, but not unlike how we've been doing it with companies that have 10,000 employees already. So, I wouldn't say it's much different than what we were doing there, but and it's a little bit different if you're trying to get into a company that has 250 and employees, how you're getting in there to be able to make an impact. I mean, there's a lot of companies that will listen to you, but we're looking to meet with the decision makers and buyers. And again, employee advocates are helping us. Three or four years ago, we had zero employee advocates. Today, we continue to cultivate advocates of our client employees who use our system and then go to other companies and bring us in. And so we're still having a lot of success with them.
Chad Richison: I mean, it gets easier as you do more countries because you run into crazy things in each country. I mean, every country operates a little bit different. There's countries that their year runs April 6th through April 5th. You know? there's countries that you don't reconcile attacks at the end. You got to have a stamp in the beginning. So, we're running into that with all countries. We do continue to spec them out and we'll have about couple more significant countries this year. I've mentioned on the call not long ago that we believe that about 20 countries will represent most all the opportunity that we'll need for the US based clients. Not all, but most all.
Chad Richison: I mean, the answer is yes. We will eventually have sales teams in other areas that we're expanding to, but it's first things first and that we're not focused on opening up sales team in Canada right now. We do have a service centre there now with people available to service. They've been trained and have been using our product themselves. But really it's an opportunity for us to continue to go further up market. We get a lot of call ins and interest in regards and leads in regards to a large businesses. And we sometimes fall by the wayside in regards to how they manage their global group. Our global HCM product helped a lot with that, because so much of the global payroll is already disparate and siloed all over the place. And so the global HCM helps some of that. But now as we're building out Beti in each country, it just wouldn't make sense for a company not to use us for all of that. And so originally, our focus is US based companies. There's plenty of them as we go up market, but eventually, absolutely, we'll have sales, we'll have sales teams other countries. That's not something more eyeballing right now, though.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, I think the biggest pushback is the fact that it is -- it can be a significant reduction in force as well. I think that there's change management on the client side, some changes they have to make on their side of how they feed the data. So that's primarily it. I mean, I can tell you a lot of what we get, it's not broke. you know, we're already using Paycom. Our payroll's not wrong. you know, we've got a 100% DDS. Why do we have to go through? We're working on other things. I just don't know that it becomes the priority. And so the Forrester study will help and as we continue to go out there and show the value that it can create with appropriate usage. And then also we kind of got a little bit of the tail wag and the dog strategy with the employee base, especially hourly employees that's inherent, they'll do their own. So that's helping us out a little bit in there. But at the end of the day, it's a sales call that we have to provide value for we're not going to force a client, we're going to influence them in making a decision that can drive significant ROI in regards to payroll and HCM Software.
Chad Richison: I mean, it’s going to be a small impacts this year, just because you have bookings then conversions. I mean, Everyday could add a little bit, but not going to move the number.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, well, outside sales is rolling. I mean, we've got people that are selling numbers that, I mean, even one deal's bigger than was some unsold before at Paycom. So I mean, sales just continuing to do well that our capacity is continuing to increase, continue to get stronger at staffing. And again, I'm talking about from our outside sales perspective, which sells 95% of our new business, that we bring on, a new clients that we bring on. So, we're doing well there and, I would expect us to continue to do so.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean what we've said in the past and really don't have an update on that, we typically get about $5 million annually on 0.5 basis point increase. We had $2.2 billion average daily funds held this quarter. I mean, we're typically trying to get somewhere between 80% and 90% of the Fed funds rate. It layers in over time. It doesn't -- it's not an immediate impact to us. We have a certain funds that are layered out longer. So that's the impact that [rate hike] (ph) has on us.
Chad Richison: I'll take the last one first and I'll let you handle the free cash flow margin. We report retention once a year does fluctuate throughout the year. And then we report once a year, I believe, in February, every year for the prior year. And so we don't have any updates on the retention number right now, but we will, at the end of the year.
Chad Richison: I mean, very strong. I mean, outside sales is probably the strongest growth we've had in three years from a percentage basis. I mean, inside sales strong, but again like I said, it represents 5% of our revenue. So, it's important, but yeah, I mean, I would say, from a sales perspective, we're getting stronger and stronger. I mean, again, we're selling $2 million and $3 million deals. I mean, that's when we IPO, that's what a city would sell and last couple of years that's what a sales rep of the year would sell and now we've got deals of that size. So as our products gotten stronger, and again, the value's gone all the way out to the employee, and the employee user has become more technological in what they expect for usage. We're kind of really able to help everything out. The employee as well as the employer to drive this and capture this ROI available.
Chad Richison: Okay. Everyday, yes. Client Action Center, no. Every client has it, the ability to enable it right now. As far as, yes, it is the exact same team that sells the Global HCM product as what sells Beti. It's also that same team will sell Everyday as what sells Beti. And so they still have the ability to sell it. They still have the ability to go out. Nothing's precluding someone from going out and making a sale. The issue becomes, it's not an issue. Again, it's something that we have to do is regardless of what you choose to go sell on your own, you've got these clients that don't have Beti that some of them you already have sold Beti to and you're going to have to go out there and spend the time to get them converted. And it's our CRRs that to those conversions. And so the difference can be instead of having a 1.5 hours or 2 hour sales call to sell a product, you're out there for 3, 3.5 days. Again, not all in the same week. It might be 3.5 days over a 4 week period of time, getting the company, converted over to Beti, and then you're out there when they're doing their first payroll and making sure that the ROI is being realized. And once someone's made that conversion, I believe we earn the right to even help them, achieve greater return on investment by with these other products. And so I'm not saying I've told any CRRs, hey, don't go out and sell a product. What I've said is, this is your priority. Any clients that aren't currently on it achieving the value. I know it's a smaller revenue amount. So, I'm going to pay you triple because I know it's a small revenue amount. So anytime you sell one, this will be your commission and we have to do that so that we can move everybody into the right value because it is the correct way to do it. It's the correct way for employees to do it themselves. And so that's what we're focused on. We're not retreating from that. And I also believe that we do have -- we have some good things coming out here with product. We've announced some of it. We've got more coming out throughout the year. So, but it is the first things first. I'm not throwing my hands up on what the CRRs can do. I'm just explaining where they're at as of today.
Chad Richison: Yeah. The best way to think of Everyday, it's still per employee per pay cycle, but now you have more pay cycles.
Chad Richison: We haven't updated any retention number since we last did our retention, but it's -- I don't see people leaving that have Beti. It's very -- let's not say you can have some [bots sold] (ph) merged. I mean, we've been the benefactor of where a large company's buying a smaller company. The smaller company uses us, Beti, and then we get a $1.4 million deal because the small company doesn't want to convert off Beti, and the large company ends up converting to us for it. So, I even see us being more the benefactor of mergers as we move into the future, which oftentimes it was a wash or the larger company buys the smaller company.
Chad Richison: No. I'd say the competitive environment's been very similar as it has, which, as I've always said, has been competitive. And it's always been a dog fight. I've said that multiple times. You've always had competitors that'll go out there and say, hey, I'll give you a year for free. I've always told prospects. I mean, if you want the lowest price, call your current vendor, threaten to leave them. That's how you get your lowest price. But now if you want value and a return on your investment and you want to turn those fees into actual value that you can achieve. One way to do that is to go with us. So you were always going to have that. You're always having to have competitive -- competitors out there, and it's no different than it has been.
Chad Richison: No. As we've mentioned in the past, Arvind, we received, our goal is somewhere between 80% and 90% of the fed funds rate. As they have increases in the fed funds rate, and it takes a couple of quarters for that to layer in. And so that's what we've said in the past.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Well a weekly quote is, make sure that, But, ultimately, they will go after larger deals. They don't have that many of them for any one territory. It's not going to increase it so much. that that's all you're doing. And I mean, our salespeople, probably 75% to 80% of what they make is commission based and that’s based off revenue being achieved. You can still achieve a lot of revenue off of the sweet spot of our market that we've been focused on. We continue to be pulled up market. I've been mentioning that, and there's no reason not to go after that market as well. I mean, eventually, we're going to land one of these largest companies in the world kind of deal. I mean, eventually that's going to happen because it's just right. So, we've got to take our at-bats in our swings with them.
Chad Richison: I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. Over the next quarter, we'll be hosting meetings at five conferences. Beginning next week, we'll be at the KeyBanc Tech Leadership Forum. At the end of August, we'll be hosting meetings at the Stifel Tech Exec Summit and the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference. In September, we'll be presenting at the Citi Global Tech Conference in New York and hosting meetings at the Wolf TMT Conference in San Francisco. We look forward to catching up with many of you soon. Operator, you may disconnect.
Craig E. Boelte: Yes, I mean, we delivered a strong, a very solid quarter, Samad, and as we looked at guidance, we're still guiding to 25% for the full year and 42% adjusted EBITDA. We haven't given any long-term guidance in terms of revenue, but we have a large opportunity in front of us. We had several announcements on this call. And so, the opportunity is definitely there. It's just up to us to go out and achieve that.
Craig E. Boelte: No, I mean, we guide to what we can see and obviously when a deal starts in a quarter can impact the guidance for that quarter. So, there are certain things within a quarter that can make the beat larger or smaller. And so, we typically guide to what we can see and really no change to our, a stance on guidance. But as Chad mentioned, we saw the CRR impact start to come through. And that's what we've seen over the last quarter.
Craig E. Boelte: Yeah. I mean, this quarter was down slightly. It's typically going to be headcount. We hire ahead of the growth it's going to be a higher headcount in the service group. We're starting to see a few costs as it relates to international, but it's not really moving the needle at this point. So, we haven't guided to gross margins. We've always been in that 84%, 85%, 86% range. And we would expect that to be what it was similar moving forward.
Craig E. Boelte: Yeah. I mean, on free cash flow came in very strong for Q2. Some of that can be timing, overall, it's the main things that impact free cash flow are going to be CapEx and some of your tax rates on that. But yeah, we're very happy with the way it came in at Q2, much better than last year's Q2.
Craig E. Boelte: Yeah. It's stable. I would say where we see it, it is a talent acquisition product, but I would see where you start seeing that's background checks. Pre-employment, background checks and how those are going. I would say it's stable, as of right now.
