Chad Richison: Sure. I mean, first, in regards to the first one, Beti usage has continued to increase throughout the year for us, and that continues to increase. We've been pretty close to guidance almost every quarter this year. And so Craig kind of talked about that moderating throughout the year. And we're seeing what accelerated impact Beti has. And then, Craig, you can add kind of the...
Chad Richison: Sure. I mean what we can tell you about, what we see right now, is outside sales remain very strong inside sales remain very strong. And cross-selling with our CRR group continues, to be down as we are focused on these current clients that we have.
Chad Richison: Brad, I know -- I mean some of the competitors have called out that top of revenue and that it was going to have an impact. Our client base are quite a bit larger than what you're hearing from some of the competitors in terms of our client size. So I'm sure there was some. We had some people that were applying for the employee retention credit. And most of that, I think you have to file - by the first or second quarter of next year and the IRS has kind of put a moratorium on that for a period, but I would say it's not significant.
Chad Richison: Sure. Well, the first question is, you may have a client that was used to - they're supposed to be running 13 payrolls in a quarter. And they were running 19, and now they're back to running 13. And so you have some of that going on with Beti as well as a lot of just the fixes. I mean it just eliminates everything. I mean perfect payroll's a thing. New clients come on with Beti and half of their employees are doing their own payroll by the end of the first month. Our new logo sales are strong, like I said, inside sales is a cross-selling, I mean it's been pretty weak. And that's not going to change for a little bit. I mean we're not going to keep trying to sell more products to a portion of the base, not using it or receiving value. We're going to go back in and partner with the client to ensure they're achieving the full value available to them. And so that's a big part of our strategy here. And I will say our strategy is related to the base, not the go-to-market.
Chad Richison: Demand remains strong. I believe that what we're talking about is more specific to Paycom and not something that would necessarily well, I mean, be happening with the rest of our industry. I mean we've made a big paradigm shift and going through this. These are things that we've done before as we've gone through these types of things. And I think that we've stayed very dedicated, and there's a lot of clients that we have that we continue to onboard all the new ones that, continue to get great value. And so, we're going to stay focused on what we're doing and also looking out for our current clients.
Chad Richison: Sure. So neither what I would call is our surprise in the third quarter nor our larger-than-normal adjustment for fourth quarter guide, are related to any change in our expectation for retention achievements. Said a different way, there have been no changes to our retention expectations since we gave Q3 guidance on October 1.
Chad Richison: Sure. So, we report gross retention once a year in February. As I've said before, we measure retention throughout the year. It's usually strongest in the fourth quarter. And so in February, we'll give our gross retention number. When you're looking at retention of revenue specific to a client that is using the Paycom system, if they're a new client, that revenue retention remains strong and specific to that one client, because they were new. It's not something we had previously. If they were a current client, as we transition them to Beti that does impact their future billing with us. And so, absolutely, as they continue to get great value, it is - a lot of that value is reflected in reduced billing. I mean I would say from a customer perspective, that's a smaller portion of the overall value that, they receive for Beti. But I mean, look, the only people that went in the old model is the payroll company and whoever is getting the accolades for fixing all the errors. I mean the employee and the business loses. And so, we're continuing to work with our clients in that - on that.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean I will tell you right now, I'm focused on the client value and the differential between what they're paying and what they're actually achieving. And I've kind of been saying it for a while, we've got the early adopters, the late adopters. I mean, Beti rollout to new clients was revolutionary. I mean our go-to-market is continuing to be unchanged on the health indexes for that group. And by that, I mean the usage, how many employees are using it, manager on the go, everything across the board. They're very strong. Beti rollout to our current client base, I mean it was heavily nuanced. And it's not Beti's fault. Beti's the way to do payroll. People may need some time to see the value, and I get it. But I mean Beti is still the right way.
Chad Richison: Sure. I mean, new business sales as well as cross-selling within our base has always been a mitigating factor to any type of transition shift, we make like this. And again, new business sales remained strong. In fact, most of the calls we get in is about Beti. We've got our first enterprise rep and they're only targeting deals that have greater than 25,000 employees. Its current rep to Paycom. And they've got plenty of leads. And so, it's a paradigm shift that we've been making and, but as far as the go-to-market and the new business logos that we're on-boarding, I mean we're not having issues with that, and we're not looking to make changes in regards to that.
Chad Richison: I would say that's more specific to the setup of the client at what time we actually went and set them up and kind of how we walked through that. It's also kind of dependent upon their own payroll and how they're doing things. As far as does it have a bigger impact on one versus the other? If deployed correctly potentially, but the larger the impact would really be, based on how much were you messing it up. I mean, you get to some points in large companies. And I mean, they don't even have pray to do it correctly. I mean they just don't. So - and then if you're dealing with a four-employee company, their employees not care about perfect payroll. I mean - so from that standpoint, I mean, it's the way to do it. And like I said, the only person that wins in the old model is the payroll company. I mean we've been charging people to fix mistakes for 80 years, our industry, mistakes that we've allowed them to make. And so yes, we could look at - well, if we eliminate all these mistakes, we're not going to have as many direct deposit reversals and tax changes, and W2Cs and new payroll runs. I mean we get it, and we've been mitigating it with business sales along the way. But now our CRR group, as I said on the last call, we're dedicated to helping clients achieve value. That's where we're at today and the decisions we're making today will drive long-term share or long-term value for our shareholders, me being one of them. And so, the decisions we're making today will allow us to get to the next step. But we're not abandoning and/or changing our strategy in regards to Beti. If anything, I would say we're leaning in more.
Chad Richison: So I mean, we're making strategic decisions with our base to make sure they're achieving full value. We don't really need to telegraph more than that. I don't want to share what we're doing and I'm not going to hand one end of the thread from, which someone can pull. I can tell you that all these decisions are specific to what we are doing with our base and not our go-to-market or new clients.
Chad Richison: No, it's a paradigm shift. And no, I would not say its regard - again, back to my previous statement. We're not seeing anything within our go-to market. And by that, I'm talking about outside sales, new logo and/or inside sales new logo from that perspective. We've made a paradigm shift. I mean, we can't change the industry and not change the industry. So we've been going hard at it for two years. And I mean that's not changing. Some of the largest companies in the world are going to be using Beti. It can be challenging to make a paradigm shift, but it's not our first rodeo. I mean, back in '98 would have been, a lot easier to install Windows 95 on a software 486 desktop with a hard drive communicated with a modem like our competitors. In 2003, it would have been easier to partner with best in breed. So we don't necessarily do what's easy. We do what creates value for our clients and drives the return on investment. And when we stay disciplined doing the right things, we accelerate opportunities for ourselves, the client and consequently drive shareholder value, which is very important to me personally.
Chad Richison: Every - we're not - I think what Craig was trying to give is more initial outlook, if you will, a nod to all the initiatives that we have right now as we move forward. I do believe that next year, we're already seeing it now will be - continue to be pulled up market. But still focused on our core market that we focus on, but we'll continue to be pulled up as we have been. And yes, a big part of that continues to be the global HCM product and expansion into additional countries. I mean zero employees are doing their own payroll in Canada until I think it was August. And now employees in Mexico will be.
Chad Richison: I mean from the macro headwinds, where we're seeing it specifically related to preemployment services that we have. So that's really more in regards to that, that carries through.
Chad Richison: Well, yes. No, I think that's actually a good point. First of all, I think you should see this as a transitory period. And we've kind of been talking about our continued ability to move current clients over to Beti and help them achieve value. I came out and said I hope all clients are on 100% within the first because it produces that much value. I thought it'd be quickly. We have one-third of our clients that we want to make sure are getting value out of Paycom with what they're using. And we also want to be able to preserve the opportunity to be able to sell them on the real value of Beti and the opportunity it has for them.
Chad Richison: And we've got 80% of our employees. Okay. Go ahead. That's fine. We've got 50% of the ones using Beti - the clients have deployed Beti, 50% of their employees are now doing their own payroll. So that eventually goes to 100 and then eventually, we continue to work with their client base. And so all that's to say is our clients should be getting more and more efficient if we're - if it actually works, that's the way the value would be showing up. And then to us, it will show up in go to market. So, all right.
Chad Richison: Sorry, I'm going to go ahead and - very good, want to thank everybody for joining the call today. Over the coming months, we'll be hosting meetings at a few conferences. In mid-November, we'll be participating in meetings at the TD Cowen and Needham Virtual conferences. On November 28, we'll be attending the UBS Global Tech Conference in Arizona. In December, we'll be in San Francisco at the Barclays Global TMT Conference. We look forward to catching up with many of you soon. Operator, you may disconnect, and thank you.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So Raimo, I mean, it impacted it in a couple of different areas. I mean, obviously, the unscheduled runs to correct payrolls and some of those service revenues that, we have as it relates to correcting payrolls, those numbers were moderating, and they typically come in towards the end of the quarter. So that's part of the impact for the quarter as well as the CRR impact, which I called out on the prepared remarks. And then also the pre-employment services came in a little light. So it was really a combination of all four of those items.
Craig Boelte: Yes. We haven't given any guidance as it relates to the cost structure, Samad. I mean that's something we'll be looking at. One thing we just wanted to do is give you guys kind of an indication, of what we would expect with some of the things we're seeing now, as to how 2024 would be shaping up.
Craig Boelte: Yes. I mean there's going to be two pieces. There's a services revenue and then obviously, the unscheduled to do some of those corrections as well. So I mean, as you've seen throughout our history, you kind of see a sequential Q3 to Q4. So you can tell that a lot of those services revenue and on schedule, even though some of them relate to bonus runs, there's quite a few of those in Q4. So as we were looking out to Q4, that's really the impact that we saw into Q4. And some of that's going to carry over into 2024. And that's why we thought it was important for us to give that initial look.
