Chad Richison: Sure. I mean I'll take the first one. And I would say, first, I mean, the hiring market is still a little tight, not like it was. I mean I would say there's been a little softening in hiring as far as it shifting maybe more into an employer's market. I would still say that we're not there yet. I mean for us, though, as far as moving deals around, I mean, moving deals forward, I mean, September and October were huge book sales months for us. And as a reminder, I mean, we only have 5% of the TAM. I mean we reported 33,800 clients at the end of last year. Our 2 largest competitors have a combined 1.7 million clients. And we’re out there making businesses more efficient by having their employees do the payrolls themselves. So we’re not short on opportunity right now. We’re making businesses more efficient and I don’t see why that would slow down for us as that’s really within our control.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean we've had a lot of strong starts as of late. And so those starts, when a deal starts in the quarter, that really does matter. The size of our beat for a quarter is really dictated by when a deal starts. If we start that new business, that new client for us, if we start them at the beginning of the quarter, we receive 100% of the revenue billing for that client. If we start the deal at the end of the quarter, we might receive only 15% to 30% of the revenue billing for that client for that quarter. Then of course, all subsequent quarters, we receive 100%. So we do have pretty good visibility as we go quarter-to-quarter. And what would be driving the fourth quarter is, obviously, we benefited from some rate increases. We've talked about that as how those layer in. I mean as you've seen, those do start to layer in. But also just the strength of our new client conversions. We're converting clients at a rapid pace. They're using the product right off the bat which is helpful. And so we're having strong growth into the fourth quarter.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean with the offices that we've opened up last year and I'm going to call it 5, even though we opened up 1 late in the first quarter of 2021. And then I think we opened up 4 in the very -- at the very beginning of 2022 or this year. I mean all offices, just as a reminder, it takes offices 24 months to reach full maturity and that's having 8 reps with the backlog and pipeline having been out in the field. Today, I mean, I would say our best one probably has 4 reps on quota right now, as we sit here today as they’ve been going through and selling. And so that will continue to increase throughout next year for them and then they will become mature offices and have the exact same quota as all of our other offices in 2023 -- or sorry, at the end -- or sorry, at the beginning of -- at the end of 2023 for one of them and then at the beginning of 2024 for the other 4.
Chad Richison: No, I can't say that we've seen any changes. Now obviously, we're seeing changes just from when we're out there hiring people ourselves. And I think to some extent, that mimics a little bit of what our clients would be doing. I would say it's not as extreme as what you were facing maybe even 9 months ago as far as the additional bonuses people would look to pay or the recruiting bonuses people might have. I think more and more companies are getting people back into the office at some level. I think there's less work-from-home and more hybrid, if not even more work at the office. So again, we're not seeing any slowdowns in our at-bats or our lead generation. But I think a lot of that also has to do just with our size. I mean we only have 5% of the market. Most everyone is using a vendor. I mean the craziest thing someone can try to do is try to do payroll by themselves without using a business or a provider. So we’re having success making businesses more efficient with a very differentiated go-to-market strategy that is very much resonating out there with both the workforce as well as with those companies that we serve.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean I would say I mentioned those months because they're the most recent. I mean I can go back to August, July and I can go back as far as we want. We've just been having strong book sales. I mean for a long time, I mean even since the pandemic started, we're getting a lot of leads from just employees. I mean -- and we're getting leads from the largest companies in the world. I mean 20 of their employees will hit our database in a 1-month period of time. And so we’re having strong leads. We’re able to turn those leads, some of them into -- to influencers as we go in there. But definitely, they become data points and information that we’re able to gather as we go in to clients. And we’re finding that employees really like to use the product. Once we convert a client over onto our system -- and again, all new clients have BETI. They’re all using BETI. But within the very first 2 payrolls, over 50% of their employees are already doing their own payroll. So that is a differentiated strategy. They’re not doing that with any other company. And as those employees either get promoted where they’re at or move to other companies, they’re bringing us into other businesses. And so we’re having a lot of success with that. And I wouldn’t expect that to slow down. I think if the labor market loosens up or even becomes tighter or what have you, it doesn’t really change the value proposition of eliminating and reducing exposure and risk for the company as well as helping those employees so that they don’t suffer the negative consequences associated with your pay not matching what you expected to be paid.
Chad Richison: No. Deal sizes have continued to go up. So deal sizes every year, I mean, I can talk about how we continue to be pulled further and further upmarket. As far as the cycles, I wouldn't say there's been any big change to that. And let's see the other part of your question, yes. I mean deal sizes are going up. And the cycles, no meaningful changes there.
Chad Richison: Yes, I would say it's both. Our strategy, when it comes to both module creation and adoption, hasn't changed. Sometimes, we create additional features and functionality within a product and we do not charge for those features and functionality. DDX is an example of that. Manager on-the-Go is an example of that and I could name many others. And then sometimes, we create a product that has a different level of return on investment. And then we do charge for those products. And it's those products that we call modules and we do have 29 of them. So as we move forward, you'll continue to see a healthy mix of both as it makes sense for us.
Chad Richison: Not really. I would just say we're running into some competitors. We've always had the same players, whether we were -- now I would say we would have different players if we're talking sub-100 employee company or sub-50 employee company. But when you're talking about the 2,000 plus which we've always gone from 50 to 2,000 even at IPO we talked about since 2014. So when you're talking about 2,000 employees or more, it's been the same players for a very, very long time. And so I wouldn't say that we're running into new players. I would say, because we're continuing to move up market, we're seeing some of the old faces a little more.
Chad Richison: Yes. And so I think what anybody -- when someone's looking at our new branding and marketing, there's really been a big shift. I mean we've gone from single database, employee usage-driven strategies with the DDX, the direct data exchange, where employees are making all of the changes which I will update within the Paycom system. About 95% of all changes are made directly by the employee without any touch or duplicative effort by HR or payroll. And so what you've noticed though now is our brand marketing is shifting toward employees doing their own payroll. And in fact, the consequence is suffered by the employees when they don't do their own payroll. It's funny we'll go into a business and we'll ask the payroll person as we're going through the analysis, hey, is your check ever wrong? And the payroll person is often, no, if my check looks wrong, I fix it before payroll. And so why not roll that out to all the employees because they'll do the same thing. And so I would say, before, we oftentimes might retreat to what we're comfortable with, with the app and the single database. Today, we're staying in the lane which is oftentimes uncomfortable of helping employees as well as HR and payroll individuals realize the advantages that can be realized when employees actually do their own payroll.
Chad Richison: Yes. We're about 50% of all current clients are on BETI. And again, that's every client that's onboarded or had been sold since last July. They may not have onboarded right at July but every client sold since last July is using BETI. And the trend in BETI is continuing to go up. I mean that's why we're getting so many leads from employees after they leave one company and go to another, Nobody does good going backwards in technology. You take an app off somebody's phone and ask them to do it the old way, it becomes very difficult for them. And so -- and it's unnecessary. And so BETI usage continues to go up. I already did talk about or did make mention earlier of the fact that new clients within the first payroll or so, you've got 50% of their employees are already doing their own payroll. And that continues to increase as clients continue to get better at using the product. And so -- and it's our strategy. I mean today, everything is about BETI. I mean I tell our salespeople all the time. Look, if you can't get someone to understand the benefits and value of BETI to their organization as well as the positive impact on their employees, I don't have anything else for you to sell. I mean because everything else comes with that being the case already. And so it's not a -- it's a strategy that we've been continuing to drive and it's a strategy that really fits within the problems that are already inherent between employees having correct data and receiving correct pay from their employer.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, BETI pricing it's a nominal fee. I would not say that BETI pricing compares in fee with our more substantial modules from that standpoint. Our first pricing adjustment ever as a company was in 2019. We did talk about that in the future, should we choose to do or make pricing adjustments, it would be based off of ROI that we're able to deliver for the clients. As I mentioned in the past, sometimes, we develop product and we do not create a module from that where we're billing. So I think there -- that as we've continued on, any time that we make the product more valuable, it only makes sense that we're able to share in the value that we've created through pricing adjustments.
Chad Richison: We've made statements in the past about if our gross margin is up way too high, it oftentimes shows that we could be a little understaffed in operations and service. And so oftentimes, when you see it change a little bit toward the downside, it means that we're hiring ahead of the growth. And then as that growth begins to come in and those people take on full load clients, we start to get some of that back.
Chad Richison: Okay. Yes. I would say that when it comes to the new sales offices, as we've always had, we've always had increasing -- increasingly more success with new offices than what we'd have with the past, just because the amount of product we're selling, the fact that we continue to go upmarket. I mean as I said in the past, I mean, I don't know it's about 4, 5 years ago, I said the first rep that sells $1 million in a year, we're going to name the award after them. And it wasn't long after that someone did $2 million in a year as an individual. And I'm sure this year, someone will finish at $3 million that they've sold. And so you would expect a new office when you have your executive reps going from an average sale below $1 million to over $3 million, not an average rep but I'm saying a top rep, selling that much. You would expect that to raise -- that type to raise all boats. Including the new office opportunities as we open them.
Chad Richison: Yes, we're definitely getting better at marketing and retargeting and how we brand ourselves. So yes, I mean marketing is definitely one of those levers that we feel impact sales. And oftentimes, we're landing on a softer beach because of it. I think our market has changed dramatically even since the beginning of the pandemic when we started spending because we are able to do things with -- I'm not going to call them indirectly but softer employee-driven leads that come from rank-and-file employees that are just tired of dealing with the consequences of having their check wrong.
Chad Richison: No. I mean I still believe you can waste money in advertising. So I mean, it's not going to change our strategy. It is an ROI metric. We do measure it every single week based off not only leads but the percent of appointments that we get from those leads and then how we convert them and to close deals as they start. So that -- how we measure effectiveness of our marketing hasn't changed.
Chad Richison: I mean I will just say we're just getting started with BETI. I mean all employees are going to be doing their own payroll. Everybody on this call is going to be doing their own payroll. It's how companies win at payroll. It only makes sense that employees do it themselves. The only reason why employees haven't been doing it themselves is because it's always been overly complicated in multiple systems in blah, blah, blah. So I mean, I think that our biggest opportunities, the fact that people are waking up to this and they want to do less. I mean your back office, they want to do less, especially when that equivalates into less exposure for them. They can do less work and create less exposure, less risk and greater satisfaction with their employees. So I don't really think it matters what's going on in order for us to move our product from a strategic basis. Now could the size of the deals be smaller if you're in a looser versus a tighter labor market? Well, maybe yes. But I mean -- and I'm not saying that's the case now but I'm saying their reason for making the change is going to be -- exist regardless of what the labor market is. And so -- and I believe that we provide that for them. So that's really what's driving it. And I think that as we've shifted over to really giving the employee control over their own payroll and everything else that feeds it. Now if I have you responsible for your time and labor management of clocking in and clocking out, okay which all employees are but have you responsible for your expense management which all employees are, your benefits administration which all employers are, I'm just not showing you how it all added up at the end. I'm having you do all this work without ever showing you where you're going. And so now what Paycom does is we show you where you're going and how it's going to impact your payroll. You'll be amazed at how much better everybody gets it, time tracking, expense management, benefits administration. When you take the blindfold off of them and show them what it should look like at the end, they get a lot better. And I don't see that slowing down regardless of what's going on in the labor market.
Chad Richison: I mean I think that we're an organic innovation company. I mean I've always said that we always look to do things that make sense to us. But I mean, we've always developed our product. We continue to be ambitious with our product and what we look for in the future. We are continuing to be pulled up market. And honestly, I think that the larger the company it is, the larger company is, the more opportunity for exposure and risk they have and even the more difficult it is to keep everybody paid correctly. And so I think you're going to see more and more -- as we have definitely see the employees of those companies call us. I mean I don't think we're going to have less opportunity with larger companies as time goes on.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean our clients are -- you're a new client and you're rolling something out to your employees. I mean I would say that our clients are getting better at it as well. I mean this 50% are just from the group that wanted to. I believe our clients are getting better at talking about the impact that can be had when an employee does their own. And so -- and you see that number go up. I'm just saying that's where they're starting which, to me, showing a very strong interest. I mean it's one thing to buy something, it's another thing to use it. And BETI's definitely a product that's getting high usage from the point of conversion on.
Chad Richison: No, because at the end of the day, there's no such thing as an enterprise employee. I mean whether a person works for a large enterprise company or a small company, they have the same mortgage, same bills, same medical needs, same child care needs. They all expect their check to be correct. So employees that work from enterprise company one day, can work for a smaller company the next day and they can be back working for a large company. They're the same person. They expect the same things. And so when it comes to BETI, it's for everyone. It's for the employee and it's regardless of the company's size.
Chad Richison: Yes. Well, it was a comment on the macro outlook and I just took our most recent 2 months. I mean I could go back further into August, July, June. The answer to your question is, absolutely, we are booking more today than we've booked in the past. And I wouldn't say that -- I mean, September is strong, October's strong but so is August, so is July, so is June. As far back as you go, we've continued to be strong.
Chad Richison: I mean very little change for us based on what we're already doing. I mean just as a reminder, I mean, we have 5% of the TAM. We have a differentiated product. As I said before, we started off the year with 33,800 clients. We've got 2 competitors that if you combine their client count, it's 1.7 million. And so what happens to us next year is dependent upon us and I think we're in control of that. So I mean, I wouldn't see any major changes from what we're going to be doing into next year.
Chad Richison: I mean we definitely have leading indicators that we look at like for background checks, how many people running background checks which is an impact of oftentimes onboarding and what have you. I mean all I would say is this. I mean those types of things are going to impact us a little bit on the margin. But for us, it's really about new logo wins with our differentiated strategy. That's what's really going to drive our growth. Sometimes you have some things that help you with that a little bit and that could be what's going on in the labor market. But I would say it would have to be something extreme to have any negative impact on us. And likewise, I would say it would have to also be extreme on the other side to have some major positive impact on us, except for the fact that our go-to markets normalize and how we're going to market. It's like the way we were going to market pre-pandemic which for us being out there face-to-face and having those personal interchanges and exchanges of ideas and information really helps us when we're selling deals.
Chad Richison: Okay. I'm making sure I understand, the sequential guide into fourth quarter. We kind of talked -- I kind of talked a little bit about this earlier. When deals start in a quarter matters. And so if a deal starts at the first of the quarter in October, we get 100% of the revenue billing for that. If a deal start -- or let's even take this quarter that we just finished with the deal started at the beginning of July, we get 100% of the revenue dollars for that deal. If the deal starts in mid-September, we might get 15% of the revenue for that deal. But in subsequent quarters, we get 100% of it. And so it's a recurring revenue model that we have here. So all I would say is that does matter. I've also talked about how -- Craig and I have been talking about how interest rates layer in over time. Eventually, they start layering in as well. I think you get a little bit of uplift from that as well. But for us, it's really the new client adds onto our platform when they start and our expectation that there'll be -- we'll receive 100% of the revenue billing in subsequent quarters, fourth quarter being the next one.
Chad Richison: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining our call today and thank you all and I want to thank all of our employees for contributing to our continued success. In November, we’ll be hosting meetings in Las Vegas at the Wells Fargo TMT Summit and presenting at the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Scottsdale. Then in December, we’ll be presenting at the Barclays TMT Conference in San Francisco. We look forward to speaking with many of you soon. Operator, you may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes. And I would say on the operating cash flow, Raimo, a couple of things impacted this third quarter. And most of it was really just timing between quarters but we had some additional tax payments here in the third quarter. Typically, we get some benefits as it relates to discrete items on stock comp. And that was -- so that caused our rate to be slightly higher, so we made some additional payments here in the third quarter. And then the rest is really more just expenses and the timing of those expenses and when they're paid. So nothing really to point out other than those 2 items.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So Mark, what we've talked about, what each 25 basis points represents, we haven't disclosed the exact rate that we're achieving. Those kind of layer in over time. But for every 25 basis points, at some point, we should be getting close to $5 million on an annualized basis. But all of our investments are fairly short term. We're doing CDs overnights and then also commercial paper. So those are the types of investments, as well as some 2-year treasuries. So those are really the investments we're seeing now. And then that's kind of where we're at, at this point.
Craig Boelte: I would say kind of similar to how we've done in the past. We want to make sure we have the ability to spend as we see necessary as we're going into fourth quarter. And if we want to increase those ad spend, it gives us the ability to do that.
Craig Boelte: Yes. I mean any rate increase in November and December will have very little impact on our fourth quarter. Those layer in over time. So those would have a very small impact on our fourth quarter.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I would say in Q4, a couple of things that have impacted the gross margin, I guess, would be the hiring that we've had. In the past, we've continued to increase our operations group to be able to catch the revenue that we're bringing on towards the end of the year and next year. So that's something that's had a small impact on the gross margin as well as depreciation. We brought the data center in Dallas online. So that depreciation is impacting that gross margin. And then the levers we pull, we always look for efficiencies in the model. So we'll continue throughout the rest of the year to kind of look at where we can maybe have some efficiencies but get -- continue as a high-growth company. We want to make sure we're investing for the future.
