Chad Richison: Sure, and so right now, Raimo, we have several clients who currently use our domestic software, and they use it internationally, they rigged the system a little bit so that they can store employees in other countries, and then oftentimes, they'll work with a third-party for payroll. So our current clients, they don't have to do this any longer. Because the Paycom system now does have Global HCM product that'll work in 180 countries in 15 languages. And Global HCM for us is everything, minus the payroll side. And so, we've looked at integration opportunities, we've looked at working with third-parties, and even potential acquisitions. But the fact is everyone else does it the old way, and payroll and HR departments send data for processing. And we're not going to be putting any development into the old way. So for us, BETI is packing her bags, and we'll be going around the globe, as we develop it out.
Chad Richison: Yes, absolutely. We'll be a global company, this is the first step. And that's moving our product into the different languages and getting the HCM side done. And now we're heavily focused on bringing BETI to the other countries which it will require us to have operations in certain countries in order to do that, in order to process in those countries.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, I don't want to say never, but it's been our process to develop internally and develop things that way and grow that way. And so my comment early were earlier was more as we looked at building out the payroll side internationally, we did review multiple options for that. But at the end of the day, there's no shortcut to long-term success. And so, at the end of the day, we're going to dance with what brung us and we know how to develop software. And we're already well on our way in getting things set up to be able to have a Beti in all the other countries as well. So on answer to your question, I would say more no, Samad, I mean, if I was going to have to be direct with that, but we did do a dividend and we still have a $1.1 billion buyback in place.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, no, I wouldn't say either way. I mean, I do think it's a little bit easier to hire, I would look at the -- if you're looking at from a year ago, I would say the labor market was a little bit tighter for us on hiring, just as more people touted the work from home in which we came back to work. I think that, especially on the tech side, we seem to be doing very well attracting top talent there as more and more companies have shed some of those jobs. From our own client base so, we're definitely focused on adding clients don't really have anything to call out on seeing any negative softening within our own client base. I've tried to do as much as I can to kind of look into the future with 5% of the TAM and several accelerators for ourselves. It's, I'm focusing on being a sales person, right now then an economist. But definitely, we're really not seeing much in our own numbers as we look into the future, but from hiring people, which I mean, I think is somewhat of a proxy to what happens as well, for our clients. We are definitely seeing it's a little bit easier to hire, especially on the technical talent side.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, for us on that it's all really about new logo adds, I mean increases an employment from existing base or decreases, I can't say that that's had a meaningful impact on us, one way or the other, with the exception of the -- what I'm going to call maybe a six month to 12-month period in COVID, where it went down and then back up, you had some significant fluctuations then, but since stabilization, it's not going to be employee gains and/or at this time, we don't really have the employees leaving that would impact that. So for us it's new logos, we added over 3,000 clients to Beti in this first quarter. And that's been going really well. I don't know if Craig would have anything to add to them.
Chad Richison: Yes, we had that President's Club in Hawaii, which was the very same place that we had it at our initial President's Club 15 years prior. So I was able to actually talk about the numbers from that first club, and now and we've continue to accelerate the amount that any one sales rep can sell, our top sales reps continue to sell more than they have in the past. This year again, I mean, we had a rookie sales rep that sold over $2 million. When we IPO that would have been great for a city. And now we have a rookie rep selling that. And so the numbers continue to go up, as we've had a -- we've continued to develop product, we put more into the product, so it produces more value. So of course, it costs a little more than what it used to. And then, we're getting better at marketing, and landing leads that we're also getting better at closing, because we have a very strong differentiator and we're back out in the field, I think that's it was a big part of it too, for us to get back out face to face, because these are big decisions for companies to make. And I think we present well in-person. I would expect another record to be broken next year, as we've already got some reps that are very close to what our top rep finished at last year. So that's in, which is always how we've achieved our numbers as sales performance continuing to get stronger.
Chad Richison: I mean on the first question, I mean, I think people can talk about whether it's a single database or willingness to integrate with multiple systems and what have you. The fact is, is there's one type of employee, I mean, the employees are the same. And they like doing their own payroll. And so for us international and laying the groundwork with global HCM is the first step to going all the way up market. I mean, there's never really been an issue for us in scalability of the system, it's really been about the buying decisions that you'll oftentimes see way up market. Well, employees these days, they don't have a high tolerance for a system complexity in any stage of product that they use. And so I think we've got a very simplified product that does very complex things. And I would say there might have been one thing that we were missing, to be able to go work with the largest companies in the world. And I don't think we're going to be missing that one thing very much longer. That said, I mean, our system still does work well. We have a lot of clients that have, definitely we're having success up market, we have a lot of clients that are 10,000 employees and more. We have clients that even like our system so much they were willing to work around to use it for other countries. Now, they don't have to do that on the HCM side, and we would be planning to roll out Beti in other countries throughout this year.
Chad Richison: I mean we continue to see strong demand. We saw the strong demand in Q4 too. Oftentimes Q4, sometimes you can advertise a little bit stronger than others, depending on elections, depending on how many ads are running. Oftentimes, you can be competing against that and what the ad dollars cost. And so, sometimes the juice didn't work to the squeeze there you have some holidays, but we do monitor our advertising spend weekly. And we monitor the lead generation from it. And we're constantly making moves in method to how we generate more leads.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, we're not hearing a lot right now. I mean, now I would say a part of that is, we're very focused on growth and landing new logos. I wouldn't say that we're having, we're not seeing losses from clients going out of business, any different than what we had seen in the past, again, with the exception of the COVID time period. So I really can't call out much. And it might just be where we're focused, again, only about 5% of our revenues derived from companies that have less than 50 employees. 95% of its derived from companies have larger than that, obviously. And then we're continuing to grow at the top end of our range, it's probably our fastest growing segment. And so, I'm not saying things couldn't be happening, down market. It's just from the data that we have. It's not something that that we could call out on our end.
Chad Richison: I can take the first question, I'll let Craig handle the interest income, but from a slope balance perspective, the larger the client, the less days you hold on to that money. So that money clears very quickly with large clients. So what, which if you're handling a small business, you might hold on to that for a month or a quarter. You're handling a large client, you're holding on to that for about 24 hours. So there's larger amounts, but it impacts your average daily balance a little bit, because you're -- it's clearing out of there so quickly with the larger clients. Then I'll let Craig handle the second part.
Chad Richison: Yes, so we provide retention at the end of each year fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, I kind of said on the last call, we have the have and have nots here at Paycom and that was related to BETI, our BETI retention rate last year was better than 99%, than anybody that had BETI. So I expect our retention to remain strong, and even as increase as a -- increase a larger percentage, as more clients use the product the right way to achieve the maximum ROI that's available to them. But yes for retention, I've also said in the past typically, regardless of that, I'm not comparing it from last first quarter to this first quarter. But typically, for especially for larger clients of any of our competitors, retentions oftentimes starts off lower the first of the year and continues to increase throughout the year, because less clients usually leave in the fourth quarter, if you will, but nothing to call out especially in the first quarter, I would just say we've been very stable. And the companies that use BETI do better.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean we didn't guide to the adjusted gross margin. I mean, it's been very stable over the last few years, and add 85% to 86%, I mean typically, if it gets too high, we may be a little bit behind on hiring. And so that's usually what would cause it to creep up some and it fluctuates based on how our hiring trends are, because those were the individuals that are bringing on handling the new business that we're bringing on, and we have to hire them ahead of the revenue growth. And that way they can be trained up and ready to capture those clients.
Chad Richison: Sure. Well, you're going to have to do first things first. We're going to have to have it but as I mentioned with Raimo's very first question, we have a demand for Global HCM right now is we have clients that are storing client or employees that they have in other countries in our system right now. And somewhat rig in the system. So we have demand right now for HCM. And you have to have first things first. I mean, with BETI, everything's connected, it's not like it's payroll only, you have to have time and attendance, you have to have expense management, you have to have paid time off. So you have to have these other products within the system to work, BETI, I wouldn't say that we're developing just payroll only, we're developing BETI, the BETI process internationally, we looked at kind of us to following what the competition does out there with international and I mean quite honestly, I think it was unimpressive for an ROI strategy that it produces for clients. And our clients now are used to using BETI and so I think they're going to expect that internationally and I think that's how we win. So I would say it's the beginning foundation for what we're doing but also we have demand for that product in of itself right now.
Chad Richison: It's our larger clients, it would be our larger clients in many of those cases. So not going to give out a specific number, but I mean the revenue opportunities there for them. And then of course, when you look at our just prospect base that's out there, over time, this will increase the size of companies that we prospect.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean I wouldn't call at anybody in particular, we're getting much stronger. When we released BETI in 2021, I think it was July of 2021, we very first even started selling it, we've gotten a lot better at our value proposition and how we actually go to market with it, I think it took some learning, it was somewhat hard to teach old dog new tricks, from our standpoint of our sales force. And when we started selling BETI, we were all virtual sales. And we've made a bunch of changes dramatically. And so I definitely think having a stronger value proposition as we've had with BETI as well as us being face to face is helping our close ratio out there. And I would say it would be competitor agnostic. When we have a strategic buyer that takes the time to really try to achieve the return on investment that implementing any one of these products would promise to produce, we do very well.
Chad Richison: No, I definitely think it'll be relevant. You can use AI for multiple things. There are areas that you can use it for that are better than others. There are front end things, you can use it for direct to the client, there are back end things that you can use it for, that a client may never see. And so, when you're talking about AI, it has many uses, some of which is front end and some back end. And I don't want to talk specific, what exactly, we're using it for already internally and what our opportunities would be into the future. But an answer to your question. Yes, I do think that over time, AI is going to be a thing in our industry.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, well I called out R&D, because that's a side that we oftentimes hire people that have experience with technology writing code and what have you, our salespeople, we've always -- we typically look for people with less than two years outside sales experience. We do take changing careers, what have you. We do have specific education requirements for that position. And so, I wouldn't necessarily say it was difficult for us to hire jobs. But what has changed on the sales side is you get a little bit more time to look there for a while. I mean, if you had a salesperson that you had, that you were interviewing yet a week or two to make a decision, because they were getting 12 offers, I would say today, that's slowed down quite a bit. So I would say you're able to take a little bit more time than what you were able to do when we were very compressed in time, during the interview process to hire salespeople. I'd say that's changed some on the sales side. But I just I called out technology, because we're just we're seeing it. We're seeing it.
Chad Richison: There's about 16 to 20 countries that represent about well over 80% of the opportunity. So, I would expect us to be rolling those out first as you look at it, but yes, I mean over time, we build things ourselves. And so I would expect us to continue to roll them out. But there is 16 to 20 countries that are going to be first.
Chad Richison: Yes, so that opening up offices continues to be a big part of our strategy. We've continued to open up offices, I think a year-ago, was it last year, maybe about 15 months ago, let's call it 14 or so, we opened up five offices from December through February. And those offices are maturing very well, and continue to mature and we will continue to open up offices. For us our bottleneck on being able to open up offices is capacity of our management group being ready to do that. We have to both backfill for managers that may not be accomplishing their goals, as well as we have to expand and over the course of 25 years, I think we've done that pretty well. But it is an -- it's a part of our growth strategy. And we'll continue to open up offices when we're able.
Chad Richison: Yes, I'll take the free cash flow question. I mean, first quarter was strong, as we look at through the rest of the year, we've called out kind of what our CapEx is going to be. We're wrapping up our building in Oklahoma City, a large building here. So CapEx will be a little bit more back end loaded in terms of how it throat flows throughout this year. So that will -- that's kind of the way I would look at the free cash flow for the year. And on the Beti penetration.
Chad Richison: Yes, set a little bit differently. Since 1998, when we started the company, we've only added one product to our year end services. And that was ACA, that's it in 25 years. Meanwhile, our monthly recurring revenue products, we've continued to add products that we charge on a monthly recurring basis for them. And so the monthly recurring, it's just growing at a rate much more so than our annual recurring. And over time, the annual recurring amount represents a smaller amount of a client's bill because of that.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, we still investing in a pretty short-term investments very safe. We're looking at CDs, commercial paper, treasury notes, and then some overnight. So we're still very safe on our investments and fairly short-term. And then as we do global, we'll look at those opportunities as well.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, we just came out with global HCM. I do think it'll be somewhat accretive to our numbers this year, more so in subsequent years. And it's a significant system. I think it'll allow us to continue to go further up, even just the global HCM side, increases our TAM by about 50%. So, I mean, it's available there. And then, as we continue to add the payroll to it, I just think that puts us on a different playing field for us to continue to go up market as well as serve those clients of ours that currently have international presence and might not be using our system, the way they're going to be using it into the future.
Chad Richison: Well, I would, for one thing we did buy back over $100 million last year. So we've been, maybe not the last couple of quarters, but for sure last year, we continue to do buybacks and over $100 million over time, we've bought back $600 million and 4.7 million shares. So, I would expect that, it'll be a balance between buybacks and dividends as we kind of look to the future.
Chad Richison: Yes, new logos drive our growth. And so I'm not going to say you see, when interest rates go up, we've talked about how we're achieving roughly 80% of that as it moves. So obviously, that impacts us positively as well. But for us, what's always driven our revenue has been new logo ads.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, it's stipple our implementation strategy as you continue to add other countries? Yes, I mean, it is going to change implementation to some extent. Now, that will, a lot of that will determine -- a lot of that will be determined by the origination of the client. Where's the client? Are they in Nebraska? Are they in Mexico? Are they in the U.K.? Where's the client? And you have different time zones and everything else where sometimes people are awake, sometimes they're not. So definitely, it changes your implementation strategy as you go global.
Chad Richison: I don't know that many of our methods will change as much as it would be modifying them to meet the needs of the country that we are in.
Chad Richison: We have some companies that are starting to pilot it, I think there's a couple. And a lot of global HCM is developed with current client feedback. From that perspective, just seeing what they're trying to accomplish, what they're using. And then just making a decision that we had just take our current systems and be able to put them to where they could be used in 180 countries and in 15 languages and so that we would expect more and more clients throughout this year to use the global HCM piece of Paycom.
Chad Richison: Now, I mean, right now, it's -- we're looking at it as a fixed amount, the $50 over the next year, or $37.5 a quarter. I mean, right now, it's, that -- it's basically a 50% to about a 50% or 0.5% dividend yield based on our start current share price. So, but we would look at it as that $50 and then adjust that as we see fit in the future.
Chad Richison: I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. Our employees efforts continue to put Paycom in a great position, and we're off to a great start in 2023. So thank you to the Paycom team. Over the next quarter, we'll be hosting meetings at five conferences beginning with the Needham Tech and Media Conference and the Moffett Nathanson Technology, Media and Telecom Conference, both of which will be held in New York. Following that we'll be attending the JPMorgan TMT conference in Boston, and the Jefferies Software Conference in Newport Beach. We'll also be presenting at the Baird Global Consumer Technology and Services Conference in New York in early June. We look forward to catching up with many of you soon. And operator you may disconnect. Thank you.
Craig Boelte: No, I would just say it's pretty normal, I think last Q1 was slightly down. But yes, I mean, just kind of normal marketing spin and campaigns that what we talked about kind of from Q4 of 2022 to Q1 of 2023. Some of those pushed into this quarter.
Craig Boelte: Yes, Brad, and I would say on our client base, I mean, we have a very diversified client base. And that's both geographically and based on industry. So some of the things you're hearing out there that, we're not overly exposed to those.
Craig Boelte: No, I would agree with Chad. I mean, it's primarily new logo wins. And that's what's driving the recurring revenue.
Craig Boelte: Yes, also on the margin front, I mean, we wouldn't call out that it would be accretive order, it should be a follow the same profile fairly similar to what our current clients are doing. I mean, obviously, we'll have some R&D costs as it relates to building some of this out, but in terms of just the overall margins, it should be very similar.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I would say on the interest income on our client funds, we call out last quarter we're realizing around 80% of the Fed funds rate. And part of that's because it's layered in, we have some investments that are a little bit longer-term. And then I mean, the banks don't give you the full amount as the Fed raises those rates. So that's kind of what we've said last quarter, I really wouldn't update that any.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I can take that. So I think the question was, how much more efficient is an incremental Beti sell me. Beti is a very nominal sell door current client. From that perspective, I mean, it's not an expensive item and drives a significant amount of ROI. What I would say on new clients, on new clients that come in with Beti, because they all have to, I would say the biggest margin impacts for them than us, I've always said, it costs you the same whether you use the system correctly or not charges the same. So you may as well, try to get the most value out of the system by using it the right way. So when someone uses Beti, it returns a significant, there's a significant return on investment to the client. For us, you might see some positive margin impact by those clients that use Beti have less paper cuts caused to themselves. And therefore on the margin, they require less service for us to be able to provide them and less services around what I would call more of our low margin activities, which is going to be amending -- amended returns and other issues that could come out by having payroll done wrong.
Craig Boelte: I would say, we call out the tax forms, I mean, obviously, they don't grow in quite the same rate as the rest of our revenue, but they become a smaller portion of our overall revenue. So I would say that that's kind of what we've seen on those tax forms filings. They don't have the same growth rate as the rest of our revenue.
