Chad Richison: Sure, Raimo. I'll take -- I might take both of those actually. As it relates to retention, this year we reported 90% versus 91% from last year. Kind of looking at retention, we typically don't discuss it based on client size, but the main part of the attrition was really in that down-market side. If you remember, we added a lot of smaller clients during COVID where we used to have five individuals -- five sales people in that group and we increased that to actually 10 teams of 8. So we added a lot of smaller clients during that time. And that was really what we saw as it related to the retention and that group to pressure on that down-market group. And they are the ones that are most impacted by the macro, the higher interest rates, the higher inflation. As it relates to the margins, what I would say is we've really started at 39% to 41% for the last four, five years, and that's really where we wanted to start this year. And it really gives us the room to invest where we need to invest in the areas of innovation and sales to continue to drive revenue growth.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean at the low-end it's typically more going out of business, but that group of clients are more impacted by the macro. We also changed the way we marked our clients' loss where we're pulling that forward a little bit, Samad, where we're marking them quicker than we have in the past and that way we can get back out, and really, we tried to sell some of those as are still in implementation, so.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean. I would say, we probably went into fourth quarter a little more conservative than what we have in the past, after a kind of our Q3 results. We were really looking at where the downside could be or what can happen in fourth quarter, and I would say things came in better than what we expected.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, we've had a lot of success with sales effectiveness. Obviously, we're selling a differentiated solution that brings differentiated value. We did mention on the call that we've had more success in the 500 and above. I think we called out, 11% growth in that group, 18% growth in the group that has 2000 or more. And so, we have been pressured more at the lower end of our market and also there's a resource aspect, as we look to onboard clients and what we're going through there, how we use our resources to best impact client value. And so, we're having a lot of success there in the market. Oftentimes, you are trading off -- you are trading off on a unit basis, oftentimes small units for a little bit larger type units, and I'm talking about employee size.
Chad Richison: Growth has always been first prize for us, so I mean, that's really what we're focused on. When we're talking about an impact on the -- from an adjusted EBITDA perspective, I mean, we're focused on the three areas that we talked about with solution automation, world-class service and then client ROI achievement. But those don't necessarily -- we've got the staff to do those things. Those are things we're working through and continuing to impact quite positively. From an additional expense perspective, that's going to be growth initiatives related.
Chad Richison: I mean, that's a good question. We've continued to go further at market, I've mentioned it on the call. And there is a little bit different motion as we work through that process and as we've gotten better at it. And so, as you go further up market, you're going to have, it might take you a little bit longer than what it would then if you're in the mid-market. For us, it's still about the work of the sales individual. I mean, it really does determine how strong a sales individual is in regards to the process that's being worked and how quickly a client can see that value and then onboard onto the system. So, I would say it's more specific to an individual salesperson. And then I would add to that that as you go up market, you have more people that you talk to, more stakeholders within any company, and you want to make sure you cover all those bases as you move toward.
Chad Richison: We're heading into 2024 really well staffed in sales. So I think that -- even it have to play itself out, but as everyone knows. I mean, our sales office openings are based on the capacity that we have internally to be able to do that. And all I would say is that we're better staffed going into 2024 than what we have been in a while for managers all the way out. And so, those opportunities as they make sense for us -- as it makes sense for us to do it, we'll be looking at that throughout the year.
Chad Richison: I mean, we want to begin talking about our retention as one number, whether someone's on Beti or not, they are client of ours, we want them to be a client of ours. Obviously, I've called this out in the past, it continues to hold true, those companies that use our system fully get the most value out of it. And obviously we have a lower, much lower attrition with businesses that use Beti versus those that don't.
Chad Richison: I mean, we've seen -- the headcount for customer has been very stable. And so, as we're looking at 2024 guidance, we're expecting the same, very stable, as it relates to headcount per customer.
Chad Richison: Yeah, well. I mean, it's been 25 years and I have the right person to do it with, this wasn't -- I mean, this is something that we've been going through. As Chris mentioned on his prepared remarks, I mean, Chris has taken a tour through the company and has operated 10 of our significant departments already in the company. And so, it's something that I've been excited about, but I mean, the long and the short is, I mean innovations where I oftentimes supply my greatest gifts and that's where I'm best at it, and there are new technologies and toys to build with now. It's an exciting time. I've had a lot of fun running special projects that in September of last year, our product department which I've mentioned this at the Barclays Conference, began reporting to me again. So I've really enjoyed working with them. I've been focused on that as well as our sales strategy. And look, I'm not retiring. I mean I don't even know what that would look like. I'd like to compete, be part of a team and the long and the short, Chris and I can accomplish more together than I could alone.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to say we're pushing Beti back into the base. I think that to the extent a client sees the value and they're ready to use Beti within their organization, we're there to provide that. We are meeting clients where they live in usage right now, and helping them achieve value, regardless, whether they use Beti or not. I will say though, as I continue to say, Beti drives a lot of efficiencies for businesses. It makes a giant impact for both them and their employees. Our go-to-market strategy has been 100% Beti since July of 2021, and in regards to current clients, we're meeting them where they live and we're helping them achieve value because our systems are very robust without Beti. And it keeps getting missed but GONE is a very significant product. I mean it automated quite a lot for a business. And so, a lot of our clients are achieving a lot of value through using that product as well right now.
Chad Richison: Yeah, so for the quarter we bought back a little over 2% of the company. And for the full year, I think we bought back 1.5 million shares. So we've been active buying back stock of the company. We still have a significant amount left on our buyback program. So we look to be -- and we've always been very opportunistic as we're looking to buy shares back.
Chad Richison: Well, I believe there'll continue to be clients that see and want to utilize the value of Beti. And so, yes, we will have more clients and as they see the value and choose to come on to Beti to actually achieve that value, we're going to be there to help them. I will say we're meeting clients where they live with our product right now. And that's a good place for us. That's a good place for clients. We're meeting them where they live and we're helping them achieve the value available to them in the software, whether they use Beti or not, it's a single database system. It's very easy-to-use and there's all kinds of areas where our clients are receiving value, especially right now, as we've even introduced GONE, that's giving us more-and-more conversations because everybody wants to automate time-off request. I mean there's nobody that doesn't want to automate time-off request. So we're having a lot of success with that as well right now.
Chad Richison: Sure, so what I would say is, even as we looked into this year, it wasn't as much that the CRRs were out-pushing Beti as much as they were out converting the Beti's that had already, told us they are wanting to go. And that does take some time with the CRRs to do that and that time they spent doing that, making sure we get appropriate usage, prevented them from being able to do certain other task. I mean, I would say that right now, and I've been saying this even probably mentioned this on last quarter, we're not preventing a CRR from going out and selling, there's just a certain criteria of usage that we look for both before you sell a client a product as well as after you sold a client a product to make sure that the value is being achieved. So I would just say that there is a little bit different process that they go through now in regards to selling, as you've heard me say before, it's easier to sell a client a product and to get them to actually use it the correct way to achieve value and we've been very focused on both of those pieces, both in last year and that will continue into 2024.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I would say, you know, we talked a little bit about it last quarter that it was still positive, but not growing at the rate that we had -- had been experiencing in the past. I would say it's still similar. I mean, the market is tight, you're not seeing people change jobs as much as what you may have in the past, but it's still up, it's just that it's still a little soft in that area on the pre-employment services.
Chad Richison: No, I mean, it's always been a very highly competitive environment. I've -- without naming them, I've talked to talked about our competitors. I still think we're primarily the new company and we celebrated 25 years last year. So all that's to say, I think we've all known each other for a long-time, we've all been highly competitive, and that's always been the case.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean the forms filing is somewhat of a headwind in Q1. We've seen that for several years ago, really not any new forms after the ACA forms came out, so I mean, it's kind of been the same type of forms that we typically file. We've talked about the number of people that we have on our system and that's typically -- that growth rate typically follows kind of the forms filing growth for the quarter.
Chad Richison: Yeah, so we're very focused on our go-to-market strategy. We focus on the revenue opportunities available to us. I wouldn't say it's just a unit game. But you're playing both sides of that, obviously, because it's unit does help with the revenue. And so, we're not changing a whole lot when it comes to our strategy. I think our message is getting cleaner. And like we like I said in the call, I mean, we just put out another report in regards to Beti's value. We do continue to have a lot of interest about businesses using Beti and then again just a single database system.
Chad Richison: No, we're having a lot of success with Beti. I think you're talking about head-to-head where someone might choose not to use Beti and continue to do it the way it's been done traditionally. That really comes down to the sales person, and having somebody that understands the value and then also spending the time with the client and all the stakeholders and working through that, so that you know they can actually see the ROI available for them.
Chad Richison: So, we have 31 modules and those are chosen by the client, how they use those. Now, many of our modules are tied together. And so, it's through one module that you get the value of the other, but that wouldn't be the case with all 31. I would say there's some 34 -- sorry 34 modules, I would say there's some core modules that are going to be critical for a client to be able to actually process a payroll for tax depositing and everything else. And then there's some other modules, you know that that's more driven at the client choice of whether or not they want to provide that solution to their organization or whether or not they have that covered in another area.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, we talked about some of the headwinds that Beti maybe creating, we've talked about that last quarter, and I mean, Beti has a great benefit to the customer. I mean it eliminates errors and those accrue as value to the customer. And we've looked at that and what that as a headwind that might be to us and really that's from eliminating some of those services that we charge for, and we've estimated that to be approximately 5% of revenue. But we wouldn't expect all of that to go away. So that's kind of as we've gone through and really looked at those areas of our business, that could be impacted, that's kind of what we looked at.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean we don't, we don't guide to gross margin, only there's several things that go into that. One of the largest impacts to gross margin is really headcount on our service side. And so, we're well staffed going as we're exiting 2023 and those costs continue to carry on into 2024.
Chad Richison: Sure. The Global HCM side, again, we're talking about for Canada and Mexico. Global HCM, you can use for many of the -- for all the countries, but our Global HCM side, you're going to displace more of our typical vendors that we may see and then I would say on the payroll side, it's a mixed bag, but it's oftentimes we're replacing an in-country partner or an in-country vendor on the payroll side for both Canada and Mexico, which we are up and running and now we did announced today that we've added UK to that. But as far as Canada and Mexico, we're running in those countries right now.
Chad Richison: Yeah, and in terms of the retention, as we mentioned, the parts that impacted retention the most this year was really at the low-end of the market. And we're exposed to the low-end of the market very small. I mean we're less than 5% that has under 50 employees. And it's actually closer to 3.5%, so as we're moving into the current year, we have already mentioned that the initial looks are positive. So that's kind of the way we look at that.
Chad Richison: Well, thanks everyone for joining the call today. I want to congratulate the 2023 Paycom Jim Thorpe Award Winner, Trey Taylor from the US Air Force Academy. This award recognizes the most outstanding defensive back in college football and memorializes Jim Thorpe, who is one of the greatest all-around athletes in history. Jim Thorpe also happen to be in Oklahoma. We plan on participating in the KeyBanc and Morgan Stanley Conferences in March and seeing many of you in-person throughout the coming months. I like to congratulate Chris and thank all our employees for their contribution to Paycom's success. Operator, you may end the call.
