Chad Richison: You bet. Thank you, Raimo. I'll take the first. Now we really aren't seeing much of a change from what we've seen in the past. I mean, I will say that I believe that it's not as difficult maybe to hire people as it was 6 months ago, but it's still very much an employee's market. And I would say we're nowhere back -- in no way back to where we were in 2019, where it was more of an equally yoked employer-employee market. So, there's still a lot of jobs out there unfilled, and it's still a very -- we're still all in at somewhat of a fight for talent.
Chad Richison: Yes, no changes there from what we've been seeing. As far as the timeline and in our close percentages, I would say if anything, they're going up, we're definitely getting more interest in the first calls that we have, and being able to move those into second calls. So we're having more success with that. But all in all, our close ratios remain very strong and very similar to what they've been in the past.
Chad Richison: I would say the staffing is going to be similar. They're more productive today. Today's new reps are more productive than what yesteryears reps would have been. But as far as the number of reps that's very similar. The progression to maturity of any one of our new offices is going to start off with three or so reps. And then we'll continue to add reps over the course of a 2-year period. Of course, at some point, they're fully staffed with eight and they all have both pipelines and backlogs. And so after 2 years, the -- those cities carry the same quota as what we would have had in an existing city.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, next year will be our 25th year and with the exception of the 2 months -- that the two beginning months of the pandemic, normal gyrations in unemployment haven't really impacted us. We've gone through multiple cycles. And now the pandemic is a little different because you had an overnight retreat of an employee base, which was a little bit different. But I would say we're very solid in regards to unemployment. That said, I mean, if unemployment doubles overnight, it would be hard for me to believe it wouldn't have some impact on our current client base, but as we sit here today, unemployment numbers still remain reasonable with where they're at right now. I mean, you might even say they're still fairly low. And then you still have quite a bit of open jobs out there with over 10 million [ph]. I mean, at some point, you have to start thinking, does everybody that wants a job already have one.
Chad Richison: Well, it continues to go up because as you remember, it was about a year ago, maybe a little longer that we increased our range up to 10,000. And so, obviously, it's going to continue to go up a little bit. I wouldn't say that there's been a massive shift for us to go a whole lot higher than that right now. So what I would say is, is there's been more within that range, not necessarily quadruple that range. But we continue to engage well above our target range, and we're having a lot of success. A lot of the leads we're getting right now are still coming from employees of companies that have used us elsewhere, have that single easy to use experience, and are really wanting to have that same experience at the next company they went to. So we're still having a lot of success and continuing to bring in strong demo leads through both that which I'll say is indirect as well as through our advertising and marketing efforts, which are still yielding great results for us.
Chad Richison: Sure. So on the first, I mean, definitely, the leads are also coming in with larger clients, but also we still continue to target -- to do targeted prospecting. That's always been our bread and butter. We're very -- we remain very focused on that. That's more of our general pressure relentlessly applied strategy that we deploy through target marketing efforts, but there's no doubt that the leads continue to generate larger opportunities for us.
Chad Richison: Well, number one, is us continuing to get better at the outside sales process. We have more opportunity out there for us within the markets that we're in. We only have 5% of the market out there. So, I would say number one for us is continuing to get better at selling our value proposition out there to prospects. We have continued to be pulled up market, because of the strong value proposition that we are delivering all the way down to the employee level. And so, we are continuing to get more leads that tend to be a little bit larger than what we've had in the past. And I would say, in aggregate, there's more of them as well. And so really, that's been our focus is getting better at executing and being able to sell that. Now that alone isn't our only strategy. We're getting better at sourcing leads, we're getting better at retargeting them. And then of course, we continue to look at expanding geographically when it makes sense to do so. And when we have the staffing and leadership bench to be able to do them.
Chad Richison: Yes. Well, we measure it weekly. So I mean, we know our return weekly. I mean these aren't -- I mean, these are very strong demo leads. These are clients who are asking for a product demonstration. And we have very good close ratios, once we engage with those clients. And so, it would be more of that for us. As far as the slowdown in the back half of the year in this, I really don't -- I really can't see that. I mean, we have a very strong value proposition which is resonating very well out there, both with employees as well as with their employer. And to some extent, the world is conspiring to help us here in just the way different individuals now deploy and utilize technology. And so we're at the forefront of that. I've said many times, I mean, we might be early, but we're not wrong. And so we're going to continue to drive our employee usage strategy throughout the -- both the last half of this year as well as next year.
Chad Richison: Yes, well, I mean, we continue -- it continues to grow every quarter for two reasons. One, we continue to upsell Beti into our current client base is it's a better way for them to do payroll. It really is the only way someone should be doing payroll today. But as a reminder, since July of last year, every new client that's come on our system has deployed Beti, and so that's a part of our product offering since July of last year to every new client. And so you got a mixture of both of those. And then as far as the opportunity that upselling into our client base has with Beti, it is incremental increase in revenue opportunity for us. So it's accretive to that profile. But in every year, we have different focuses on modules. So -- and this year, and I'm sure in the next year we are going to continue to be focusing on upselling Beti to 100% of our client base. And again, it'll be positive. But really what it does is it drives greater usage. Greater usage reduces the amount of service we have to provide to any one client. Because of course, if their payrolls are correct, we're not having to go through the process of doing corrections and corrections can produce service calls. And so, we believe that with greater usage of Beti done the right way, it changes the employee experience, it changes their expectation of what they would expect that any employer that leads to more leads for us that leads to greater satisfaction for clients, which ultimately also leads to less service on our end as clients experience the self-service opportunities.
Chad Richison: Yes, ADP has been experiencing better retention rates since I started the company in 1998. I'm surprised their retention is not already at 200%. But it doesn't impact our ability to sell and our ability to sell and take business. As again, our product is more comprehensive. It's easier to use. And it's just the way that employees should be interacting with their own data.
Chad Richison: Well, first of all, just talking about the macro, I mean, the only thing that I could really see that would have a significant impact on us would be a very quick and massive shift in unemployment. That doesn't happen incrementally over time, but happens somewhat right away. I would think that that would have some level of impact on us. We're a growth company, we're focused on growing. We're focused on automating the back office and we're focused on making it easier for employees to actually do their job. And so that's always going to be popular regardless what's going on out there. And oftentimes when people have to do something with less that means they get the opportunity to automate more. And so, I feel really good about our ability to weather, what we would expect to happen. But again, it would take something -- some massive change in the unemployment rate to really impact us. And I'm not saying we couldn't sell through that. But you kind of saw what happened during the pandemic and what happened there. And I would say, that's probably much larger type of unemployment hit than what we would expect necessarily in a recession, definitely something that would have happened a lot quicker, and all at once. But we'll just have to see, but say that I'm not really -- I can't really see a whole lot that would prevent us from continuing to grow at a strong rate. And again, I mean, this next year is our 25 years in business. So, we've been through different recessions and been on different cusps of recessions in the past.
Chad Richison: Yes, so much of our upside in any one quarter is dependent upon when a deal starts. We always believe going into quarter we have a really good -- we have really good visibility into when a deal is going to start. But when it starts matters. When you're talking about overperformance within a quarter because of course, if a deal starts at the beginning of a quarter, we get 100% revenue billing for that deal, that quarter, that starts at the end of the quarter, we could only get a third of the billing or maybe 15% of it. Of course, in subsequent quarters, we get 100%. So we have pretty good visibility, I'd say we have great visibility going -- guiding quarter-to-quarter. But as far as the outperformance it's always being delivered by new client wins. And then on top of that, you really have to look at when those deals are starting for us.
Chad Richison: Sure. Is that the question? I'm just making sure. Okay, if that's a question, the overwhelming majority of our revenue and our revenue that we onboard, our new business revenue comes from new client wins. We do continue to sell into our client base. I've never said land and expand. We land large, but there are opportunities for us to expand into that client base. And we do that, as we believe that clients should be able to use all the products that we have the correct way to drive the employee experience. Go ahead, Craig.
Chad Richison: Now on the headwind. And then as far as our pricing, we've talked about that in the past where we did our first pricing adjustment, I believe it was in 2019. And we did a small pricing adjustment to a small subset of our client base. We did talked about as we move forward, that talking about our pricing model isn't something that we're going to do just for competitive reasons, but I've also always said that as we make our product more valuable, it only makes sense that we get to share in the value we create through pricing adjustments over time.
Chad Richison: I would say comparison very similar to every past year with the exception of when we added on to our inside sales business, which are for more of your emerging businesses, those companies that have less than 50 employees, that group represents approximately 5% of our overall revenue. So, that's one way to think about it is companies that have less than 50 employees represent 5% of our overall revenue. And so, what has been growing is the average size of our other clients. And so that hasn't been different in any year from year-to-year. It continues to go up. And again, part of that diluting factor, if you just take the unit count divided by total number of employees in our system, part of that diluting factor is going to be all of those emerging below 50 employee companies that we added when we added this inside sales group and expanded it in the year 2020.
Chad Richison: Yes, we've always said that people buy half at least half or greater of the modules that we have at the time that we sell them. Of course, we've been in business some time. So some of the modules you have to go back and sell into the current client base, because we didn't have them at the time we actually sold them in the beginning. I would say it's a little bit more than half now as we go into new sales just because of what's required for a client to have in order for an employee to do their own payroll. There's several modules that they have to have. I'm not going to say it's a 100% because that wouldn't be accurate. But I would say it's more than what they needed in the past.
Chad Richison: Well, as we've said, I mean, for us, it's really the new business sales are really going to be what's driving quarter-to-quarter, and then it does matter when they start. That's not to say that we're not going to have some positive impact from the rate increases, you had the 50 basis points in May, which is in somewhat in the middle of the quarter, not necessarily maybe a little sort of that and yet another 75 basis toward the end of July. We've talked about how those layered in -- sorry, at the end of June. We've talked about how those layer in and then you also had some in July. So we've talked about how those layer in and so we would absolutely expect that to be have a positive impact on both the next quarter and subsequent quarters. But still first price for us, which has been the growth in new logos.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, definitely clients that use Beti and deploy Beti are going to have much stronger usage patterns than someone that doesn't. And once they've deployed Beti, it kind of changes the game and the expectation of what an employee expects to be able to use in the business. And so absolutely that impacts our retention. As I've been saying, usage is really what drives retention. And I believe that so for any software out there, but definitely ours.
Chad Richison: Well, Beti is one of 29 modules that we have. So I mean, it would definitely have an impact. Again, where we're making the impacts new business logo ads, and Beti gives us the opportunity to do that. I think Beti will have some impact for sure, because we're charging for it. But I think where you'll see a better impact of Beti once we have every single client on, I mean, I think it's going to impact retention. As we've seen, usage has been impacting retention of our product. We were at 91%. I think it was 3 or 4 years ago, and it's continued to go up. And so that's really been driven by usage. And Beti generate stronger usage of our products. So, if history is an indicator, we would expect that once all of our clients have deployed it, and are actually generating that ROI, it's going to have an impact on our retention. And then also, all those clients employees will be used to Beti and as they go to other companies in the market, as a normal flow of an employee lifecycle goes from one company to the next, we believe that generates even greater leads for us, as we've been seeing now.
Chad Richison: No, I would say it's been industry agnostic. I mean, you're talking about Beti is -- the benefit of Beti is to the employee. So it's really -- it doesn't really matter what industry that is anywhere an employee really, really needs for their check to be accurate going into the weekend, Beti is there for them. And within every industry, you will have those types of employees. And then again, every business that would like to automate and reduce, actually reduce their exposure and a lot of their liability around the payroll process, deploying Beti is the right way to do that. And so now, I can't say that there's any industry that Beti would work stronger than the other.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, I think that produces an opportunity for everyone. I also think it makes everyone take pause, and everybody's got to make sure they have the right plan for their clients as we're all in this same world together, and -- so I think as you see those kinds of things, I know that we looked at everything ourselves. I'm sure many competitors looked at what everyone can do differently to make sure that employees always get paid. Yes, I mean, absolutely, it produces opportunity. But I don't -- I wouldn't say it's the hack that produces the opportunity. I mean, it's the fact that someone has an opportunity to have a very good experience in a single system for their employees. So they have an opportunity to have multiple systems where their employees are trying to find their passwords. And I would say, that's what drives our wins more so than what's happened to them in the past.
Chad Richison: Okay. Thank you to everyone for joining our call today, and thank you to all of our employees for contributing to our continued success. We have a busy schedule ahead starting next week with meetings at the KeyBanc Technology Forum in Vail and virtual meetings with Oppenheimer and BMO. In September, we will be hosting in-person meetings in Las Vegas at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference; in New York at the Citi Global Technology Conference, and in San Francisco at the Wolfe TMT Conference. We hope to speak with many of you soon and appreciate your interest in Paycom. Operator, you may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Raimo, on the interest rate question, for every 25 basis points that interest -- the Fed funds rate goes up, we get about $5 million of annualized interest income, but it's typically layered in. So, we saw one in May, and then June and July, we saw some. So those will layer in some in third quarter, and then some in fourth quarter as well.
Craig Boelte: Yes, Mark, we haven't disclosed what yield it is, but I mean, we're investing still fairly short-term. We have commercial papers from overnight money market as well. So, kind of a mix of that and we're not chasing yield, but we're paying attention to it.
Craig Boelte: Yes, and in terms of the inflationary question, we've seen some pockets where we're seeing some higher inflationary areas, but overall we're continuing to look for leverage throughout the model and really not holding back on any hires. Just finding leverage throughout the model.
Craig Boelte: One thing this quarter that impacted our free cash flow, some was just the tax rate. We saw last year, we -- second quarter, we had some benefit from a discrete item to the quarters or related to some stock vestings. And this year, we didn't have quite the same level. So, I would think that what we're seeing this year would be more indicative with -- as we kind of roll out throughout the rest of the 2022 and then into 2023.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean, as we were coming into guidance, I mean, at this point, we haven't seen anything. You're starting to hear about it, but we haven't baked any sort of a macro impact to our guidance for the back half of the year. Really, we're guiding very similar to how we've done in the past. We guide to what we see. As we get closer to fourth quarter, we can see a little more on the fourth quarter. And that's the quarter that has the bonuses, the off cycle runs. So, as we're sitting here in by the beginning of Q3, we're guiding very similar to how we have in the past.
Craig Boelte: One thing I would say, Arvind is, our outside clients, our outside sales team, those 54 sales teams are only bringing on new logos. So that entire group is bringing on new logos. So the mix has been very similar to what it has been in the past, with the exception that ACA came about where we did -- that was such an immediate upsell. But the last few years have been very similar to the mix of new logos to upsell, and it's still -- the overwhelming majority is going to be new logos.
Craig Boelte: Yes, that would be accurate. It would not include any future rate increases, and then layering in what we know up through July.
Craig Boelte: Sure. So with the one thing on the gross margin line, as we continue to hire and hire in front of the revenue growth, that's going to have an impact on that gross margin and then you'll eventually grow into that. You have to hire and train ahead of capturing that revenue. So we're continuing to hire aggressively. And then also, we brought on the new grapevine facility and data center that Tier 4 data center. So you're starting to see some of the depreciation hitting the different areas of our income statement. So that had a small -- had an impact as well on that -- on the gross margin, but we're still expecting to be at least at that 85% level for the full year.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean, we'll have to see on that. I think a lot of it depends on the timing of when we might make some of those investments. You look at and if it's something that we can invest in, let's say advertising or R&D, that's going to generate additional revenues. And that's something we're definitely going to look at. But we're also a company that doesn't like [indiscernible]. So we're not going to spend it just to spend it. We will to the extent that we don't see an opportunity, we'll let that fall to the bottom line.
