Chad Richison: All right. Well first, Raimo, I think you squeezed in about four questions, but I will handle it. The DDX, what I've said was we are beginning to get leads from having the DDX and that's true. In fact, one particular client that we had was double our stated range and they've already made 2 million changes in the last four months. And they have a DDX score of about 99%. And so it is differentiating us out there in the marketplace for those businesses that do want their employees to have that direct relationship with the database as it were for both input and data retrieval. I'll let Craig talk a little bit about the adjusted EBITDA.
Chad Richison: And they were successful as we had in the last year, which is why we are continuing them into a little bit in third quarter and fourth quarter this year.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, we continue to have that growing as far as we're getting the pledge. I'd have to look through exactly that is a growing number. I can't say that, it's 100% of them. What I will say though is 100% of all of our clients that are on-boarding we are seeing increased DDX scores from the beginning. So they're out-of-the-gate number of DDX for those companies that have converted in third quarter are higher than the out-of-the-gate DDX scores from those that had converted in the previous quarter. And so we are continuing to see growth in the DDX, initial scores month-over-month which does continue to push our aggregate number of DDX up.
Chad Richison: Yeah. And last year, we did benefit from some interest rate raises. This year, we've had some interest rates headwinds as they've started to reverse. We continue to put up the numbers in face of those headwinds. The last – in the last 21 years, I mean, we received yields as high as 5.9% on overnight sweep accounts and as low as 0%. We have a very small percent of the TAM, and we have the most differentiated product in the marketplace, and we feel comfortable about being able to weather whatever happens with the interest rates. It is important to note, we sell more in new business in a week than any quarter point drop in interest rates. And so our annualized sales on average on any given week is greater than any quarter percentages rate drop. So there – it is out there. It does create some headwind, obviously, but we've been pushing through it as you've seen in this quarter.
Chad Richison: Yeah. So, I mean our R&D buckets have been substantially the same as far as what our spend is. You are going to have a certain portion on compliance the things we have to do to keep our software updated in accordance with the – both labor laws as well as tax laws deposit filing. You're going to have another piece of that that continue – a third of that is going to be – to continue to expand. They're not proportionate. I'm just saying, there's three categories. At any given time you can be in one – more in one category than the other, but a second category. So, first category is what I just mentioned more on the compliance side. The second category is continuing to develop out deeper within our current product set making them better. And so we continue to update that. The third category of the three would be innovation. And that's us developing items things like the DDX, like Ask Here that are typically replacing nothing within our industry or some other third-party concept. And so we do continue to work on that. Staying true to ourselves, we don't disclose those products that we're working on until they're out. But you will continue to see as you have in the past further innovation from us, as well as continuing to go deep within our product set to make -- drive more value for the client.
Chad Richison: Yes. So you are right. You have to continuously change your strategy -- your go-to-market strategy as the product continues to change too. I mean if we are going to market the same way today as what we went three years ago, when we have a different product today than what we had three years ago that would be a problem for us. We're only getting stronger as an organization. I mean, we have a very small percent of a large TAM. We're creating a larger competitive moat. This year is shaping up to be our best year as an organization. And last year was hard to follow as probably our best year up until then. But here we set about ready to stamp out another 30% growth with the rule of 70 again. And so, I feel like we're doing really well and we're set up very well for -- as we head into next year.
Chad Richison: Yes. So we started that. I believe I announced it last quarter. We’ve started a little bit before where I think we had five reps, we had moved in outside sales manager into build that group. We now do have two teams inside sales teams. No change in strategy there just in size. They do continue to catch those deals businesses that are calling in below 50, as well as catch those deals that might be out of territory areas where we do not have an office, where they can pick up some low-touch opportunities there. So nothing's really changed there except they are staffed.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean we continue to increase our R&D spend. I mean from quarter-to-quarter I think sometimes it goes up a little bit in percent of revenue there's been quarters, where it's fluctuated the opposite way when you're looking at quarter over prior year quarter. But we do continue to invest in our R&D strategies. And so, it's all relative to -- as to our growth as well. We're still very focused on continuing to be a very strong growth company and that would require us to continue to invest in the product.
Chad Richison: Sure. Well some prospects have that initiative. And so, they have an initiative to have their employees have a direct relationship with the database as were in 2019 and beyond. They see that as a huge benefit to the organization. Other clients they might see it as a benefit to the organization, but they're not yet ready to actually take it on. And so with those clients, it is a different type sales process where we have to acclimate them to the idea. It's something that they haven't been used to in the past. And so we continue to do that. And so I would just say some sales, it's much easier for us. And some sales, since we are bringing something to market that's different than what they're used to we have to sell a different way. But we haven't seen any elongated sales process times and/or conversion times from it it's just -- it's different. As far as conversion, I always think that the more value you bring to clients and the more usage that you're able to establish, the longer clients look to stay with you. As far as retention, we do update that once a year. We aren't updating that now. And as we move through the end of the year, the number start to change as you go through October, November and December. And so we'll be updating that at the first of the year.
Chad Richison: Yes. So we are opening up offices as part of our strategy. We did open up New Orleans as well as expanded an inside sales team so far this year. I will point out that of the more than $20 billion of TAM that we have, we've already got half of it covered in the markets that we have open. Our focus is on productivity of sales reps as well as careful expansion and execution. And I mean, as you can see from the results the strategy is working.
Chad Richison: Yes. So I'll take the first question. I would tell you, it's usual suspects for us as it has been for a long time. And our win rates aren't getting any -- well the -- our win rates aren't going down. So I can just say that from there.
Chad Richison: No. I wouldn't. And I want to say, we haven't moved any further upmarket. Our range is still the range. We've always continued to get clients at the upper end of our range in the past. We just have had success with people contacting us with the strategy a little bit more so than what we had in the past. So we kind of called that out. As far as sales cycles and as well as conversion cycles those have stayed the same.
Chad Richison: Well, no, I mean I don't. I actually think the more you use our system the better it is for Paycom too. I will tell you that most business -- most software companies at least if you look historically, they're not necessarily advertising how much of the system you're using. We're actually measuring it. We're leading with it. We want you to use the full system. And so I don't see us that we're charging clients more for using the system. They've already bought the modules. And so once you've made that investment, you may as well -- I've always said cost you the same whether you get the full value out of the system or not. And in order to get the full value out of the system, but that's about usage and being able to measure that for our clients so that they receive that value and that return on investment I think is making the difference.
Chad Richison: Yes, I think this was our third year in a row to attend HR Tech. But you're right we have -- we had been absent from it prior to that. So, yes, -- I mean going through trade shows and what have you and definitely HR Tech is something that we had started doing about three years ago. We did continue it this year. It gives us an opportunity to highlight new products that we've developed. I think we implemented the HR Break Room last year where we had it I think somewhat in the middle of the floor. And so we do continue to make those investments in trade shows as well and HR Tech is a good one for us to go to.
Chad Richison: Yes, I would say they're a little different. I mean DDX is kind of the scorecard to the strategy that a business might implement and Ask Here is actually something that should continue to grow. I mean you're somewhat limited by your imagination on questions. I mean you set up the categories of questions, it can be whatever you want. You set up who are the company representative experts on those questions, whether it's benefits administration question where it's a how do I get a key question or whatever IT questions resources whatever they're all right there. And so what it allows the company to do is set up those categories. And then for employees, oftentimes, they don't know who to ask. With Ask Here you don't need to know who to ask. You just ask your question of Ask Here and it knows who the appropriate person to respond to that question is. And so it just greater drives employee adoption, if you will, as well as that it builds that conduit once again between the employer and the employee for stronger communication. And so they're a little different Ask Here versus DDX, but both are strong differentiators.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, I see that as a kind of a -- it's hard for me to answer that question without giving out too much competitive strategy on exactly how we decide, which products we're going to develop, and which we're going to charge for. I can tell you this though. There are certain products that it's so important that you get 100% usage on. You really don't want to go through the time of trying to sell it over the next year or two to clients. DDX was definitely one of those types of products that could we have sold it? Maybe on the margin, but I would rather have 100% people using it. And that's the same with Ask Here. They just both create so much value. And so I would just leave it at that. We do continue to develop other products that would be for a fee products. But these two, I really felt like it's important for us to get 100% usage out of it. We're getting close on the DDX as far as I mean we've had at least every client click through it from that perspective. And then on Ask Here, we actually have 50% of the clients using it right now. And I see that adoption rate only increasing as we head throughout the fourth quarter and into next year.
Chad Richison: Yeah. So all products start off right when you put it out then you get to train the sales organization and what have you and it takes a little while before the sales organization is necessarily, selling it that way from the beginning. I can tell you on both of those products if clients are coming in today, they're on those products. But we've got a lot of clients that we've had in the past that we didn't sell on those products from the beginning. But new business coming in should all be using the DDX and Ask Here, but we still have a large client base that we've had to circle back to. And we've done a good job as I mentioned with the DDX last quarter and as I've mentioned on this call with Ask Here. We've done a good job of circling back to those clients and making sure they're capturing the value of these products that are just included to further drive ROI.
Chad Richison: I mean, no real change there. I mean, I used to talk about the top end of our range and I was talking about above 2,000. Now when I talk about the top end of our range, I'm talking about above 5,000. So I mean that's -- that's had some change a little bit. We've got a strong guide going into Q4. In fact our guide this year heading into Q4 is larger as a percentage than it was last year heading into Q4. And so, we feel really strong about what we have in the pipe for Q4. And we're seeing strong demand across the market would be the answer to that question.
Chad Richison: Yes. So, I mean, we did a pricing adjustment. If you guys remember, we did that. It had very little to no impact on fourth -- on first quarter excuse me. It'll have about 1% impact for the full year. I mentioned that I believe in second quarter, I said at that time, we consider pricing adjustments to be competitive in nature. So, it's not something that I'm going to talk about moving forward in how we choose to price our product.
Chad Richison: Yes. I feel really good about our pricing strategy. And as I've said before, we were able to have a price adjustment to a select group of clients. It had a very small impact on first quarter. On the quarters subsequent to that, we expect about 1% total impact on our organization for this year. And moving forward pricing, I do considered to be competitive and it's not something I want to talk about on these calls.
Chad Richison: All right. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. Over the next couple of months, we'll be on the road meeting with investors at the following conferences. Craig and James will be hosting Investor Meetings at the Stifel Growth Conference in Chicago on November 7 and at the RBC Tech Conference in New York on November 19. I'll be presenting at the Credit Suisse Tech Conference on December 3 in Arizona as well as at the Barclays Tech and Media Conference in San Francisco on December 11. We appreciate your continued interest in Paycom and we look forward to meeting with many of you soon on the road. Thank you, operator. You may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes. In terms of our guidance for this quarter Raimo, we're currently guiding – basically, we're at the midpoint this year and this quarter at where we finished last year. So nice of you to notice that. Some of the give and takes we're continuing to spend on the R&D and on the sales and marketing and then we're starting to see the efficiencies in the G&A line, as we're – if you remember last year towards the end of the year is when we bought that building online. So, I'm seeing some efficiency there. And then your question on the TV ad, yeah we – you are seeing some TV ads this fourth quarter, but any of that has already baked into current guidance.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. I mean, we call out that our average daily fund balance was $1.1 billion. So a 25 basis point decline with the – it will obviously layer in, but the full 25 will be somewhere in the $2.5 million to $3 million.
Craig Boelte: Yes. I mean in terms of the cash flow, it's kind of where we expect it. I mean you're going to have some variation quarter-to-quarter as it relates to let's say tax payments and things like that. But yes, I feel like we're probably spending at the right levels.
Craig Boelte: I mean obviously we're seeing this employee usage strategy that it is having an impact on our gross margins. We're able to see that our specialists were able to handle a larger volume just because our clients are using the system and their employees are using the system kind to the fullest. So it is having an impact on our gross margins.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. I mean, we are approaching over -- we're over $100 million now on the balance sheet. And I mean our first priority is to invest in growth in the R&D side. And as you're aware, we still have $120 million available under our current or existing buyback plan. And that is one of the ways that we return capital to shareholders. We were very opportunistic in 2018 towards the end and have continued to build back our cash position throughout this year.
