Chad Richison: Thanks Craig. In conclusion, we had a great second quarter in our first years as a public company. We remain very excited about the opportunity we see for our company. We believe, we are well positioned to leverage our ongoing sales momentum and technology advantages to continue to drive innovation across our technology platform, take share and build our recurring revenue base for the next several years. With that, I’d like to turn the call back to the operator and open up the lines to take any questions.
Chad Richison: Sure. Raimo, as we've talked about in the past, all of our new business comes in, well, all of our business that we have, every client that we have here now comes in with the payroll offering. And so everything that comes in does have the payroll. We continue to expand our product offerings. And we’re becoming more aggressive in the initial sales call to where we have been able to penetrate more as somebody comes in upfront.
Chad Richison: Like our competitors, I mean, this is -- we don't necessarily disclose module by module, we do see it as one solution. I mean, however, I will say unlike others, I mean, we are providing the ANRR. We have 30 sales teams, 6 to 8 reps on each team focused exclusively on new business wins and the overwhelming majority of all ANRR comes in new wins is what they are.
Chad Richison: Correct. So we did open up five offices in Q1, which was a couple of more than what we had forecast. As we stated earlier, it takes on average 24 months within the ramp-up to maturity and we’re seeing them trend to that point now.
Chad Richison: Well, we’re always reviewing opportunity. And as we go into the future quarters, I mean, that something will definitely be looking at. But we didn't open up another one this quarter because we opened two additional first quarter early.
Chad Richison: Well, I can't speak from the competitors. I know that we are finding it easier to have conversations with the clients and win prospecting.
Chad Richison: Sure. Thanks for the question. So we've been competing with substantially the same people, since I started the company in 1998. It's really been the usual suspects, save a couple of new ones, maybe smaller ones. It’s a highly competitive market and our competitors continue to come out with new products and target new markets and new market segments all the time. We still plan on taking market share and growing. I mean, it's been our model since we started and we continue to be strong at it today.
Chad Richison: I can't give you specifics on that, the specific number, but it's trending up. We have added new modules if you will. Again, we’re selling one solution but we've added new product features over the last three years. So as we go into a new client or a new win, we’ve have more to sell them.
Chad Richison: I do not -- I'm trying to get to the just of the question. We are -- we would choose to open up an office or not based on the opportunity or demand or our ability to accelerate it once open. And we don't really go into a market that we don't plan to have a lot of success in. So I wouldn't necessarily say it's EBITDA guidance that's driving that decision.
Chad Richison: All right. Well, thanks again to everyone for participating in today's call and for your interest in Paycom. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking to everybody next quarter. So thank you.
