Chad Richison: Sure, Raimo. So our approach to guidance hadn’t changed as Craig said in prepared remarks. I mean, we’re focused on what we can see. If you compare our Q2 through Q4 guidance that we’ve given, implied guidance that we’ve given for Q2, Q3, Q4 this year you’ll notice that it’s not unlike guidance we’ve given in the past. Matter of fact, it’s within a 0.5 point to 1.5 point of every guide we’ve started with going all the way back to 2018 for that same period. So we’re not going to necessarily get into the linearity of it, but I would just say that we always guide to what we can see and I believe that we are being consistent in how we provide this guide today.
Chad Richison: Sure. So we had inside sales. We’ve had it for a while, but we actually took a strategic position with inside sales toward the end of 2019, which really that group had always been selling online or virtually. We were able to leverage a lot of those processes that we had put in place for inside sales as we made the shift for our outside sales staff. As we sit here today, we are still 100% virtual selling right now as well as conversion, as well as up-sells to current clients. And so exactly what we would come back as far as when we do full selling on site that’s really going to be dictated by the client. I do believe that we’ve gained some efficiencies in this model and I’m not just talking about cost, I’m talking about performance. And I believe we would look to maintain those as we look to open back up as a nation here in the coming year.
Chad Richison: Yes. So coming into the year, I would have expected, really our – because we are selling low market, small business market as well, which we’ve opened up. I mean, the percentage of small business units that we have, I mean, it’s I believe mid-90s is the percent of our revenue, that’s represented by clients that have over 50 employees. So you’re still low on the small business, but in fact, we did accelerate that this year and I would have expected our average amount per client to drop a little bit based on that, what we actually saw is you’re taking about 10% out, let’s call it, just on client employees that you can already calculate through our revenue. So you’ve already got that hit. And then the fact that we’re selling small business clients, I was a little surprised to see that our average per client held very close to the same. It had been growing for the last several years, but even with the COVID hit, we took on our numbers that average stayed really close to the same and that came from us continuing to have success selling down market. But also we’re having a lot of success continuing to sell up market and continue to be pulled further up. And so, those are starting to average each other out, but obviously, you do have some higher unit growth as you look at the down market opportunities.
Chad Richison: Yes, we don’t break out that separate from overall. Obviously, we had talked about earlier in the year as we were going through the pandemic. We did recoil a little bit and kind of held-off on certain things, then once we kind of opened our eyes and saw what was going on, we started to accelerate that to get back to a normal level as we headed throughout the summer. And so, we have – the number of teams that we have fully staffed, that’s at eight per team. And then, we look to add people to the extent that we have any turnover we would be looking to add people to replace those positions. So no real strong information to give you on exactly the number of quota-carrying employees we added for sales, but what I would say is that you did see us throughout 2020 expand our inside sales model quite a bit. And so, that was a new focus that we had not really had until late 2019.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, the – I believe that with our product, it’s fully differentiated and it produces a return on investment for our clients as well as prospective clients. So I don’t believe we’re going to be getting into the situation where we’re doing a lot of price selling. Now that said, there is a market for every product and so you have to be in line with what product fees are, but really it’s an ROI-driven strategy. And so, we would expect people to take our product that want a differentiated strategy with a different ROI, I mean, we just talked about how we’re going to be providing – our products are going to be doing full service payroll in the future. I mean, employees are going to be doing their own payroll and we’re starting with that right now internally, we’ve produced a better employee transaction interface through BETI and we’re going to be rolling that out throughout the year. And so, just as employees are used to applying for jobs online, they’re used to doing their banking online, they’re used to doing their shopping online, we’re going to be bringing that to the payroll business. I mean, it just doesn’t make sense that we’re not already there to be quite honest with you, it’s how businesses win. And when you think about the hours of businesses saved, I mean, why can’t employers save more on these types of input activity? So I mean, if you’re with Paycom, you could save 100,000 different keystrokes, some of our clients save millions of keystrokes every month. So that’s where it’s going. I don’t see the market moving away from that. So all that’s to say is I believe in order for people to compete with us, with the value proposition, it’s have to going to be more – it’s going to have to more match the value proposition that we’re delivering because over time you’re going to be seeing more and more differentiation around what the employees do as it relates to data transfer versus what the employer does as it relates to the same topic.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, I will tell you that past May, we stopped trying to figure that out. I mean, we’re out there, we’re bringing on business they have what they have. If there is growth in that number, great, we’re not expecting it. We haven’t been forecasting it up to now. I don’t really know what happens next year, but for us, once we’ve lapped this first quarter, we don’t really need the growth in the numbers now, that’s not to be flippant about it obviously I would love for our clients and everybody to get back to normal. I guess, what I would say is, we’re very much focused on new business adds. And however many employees they have at that time is really irrelevant to us. We want to set them up correctly and we need a certain number of new business adds to cover the losses that we experienced from a current client employee headcount attrition. We need a certain amount of revenue and new clients to cover that and we’ve been well on our way to doing that, as I believe is reflected in both our numbers and guidance.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, we continue to see it. I mean, I wouldn’t say it’s a whole lot different than it’s been in the past, but we’ve continued to see acceleration of larger clients above our range coming to us. In fact, two years ago, we moved our range from 2,500 up to 5,000. We continue to see clients well above the 5,000 range coming to us. I mean, the reason why is because they’re working with the same employee. Whether you’re an employee and you work for a 25,000-employee company or whether you’re an employee and you work for a 500-employee company, you really dislike manual processes that really become time suckers out of your day. And so, all employees would prefer to use something that’s extremely easy to use, comprehensive and has quite a bit of consistency and that’s also better for the employer. And so, I think that large businesses on the enterprise – in the enterprise level have been trying very hard for a long time to provide a single type solution to their employees because they do realize the importance of that, they’ve just done it through integration and we do have a product that works for what they’re trying to accomplish, that’s incredibly scalable. And so, I do see us continuing to go up market as we’re pulled and I see us continuing to stay focused on the mid-market and then, as we get leads below 50, we’ll continue to sell them as well. But regardless of what the size of company you work for, you’re still the same in person and you’re still the same employee and you value things of ease when it comes to task management and HCM. So all that’s to say is enterprise products are over complicating the situation for the employee, and a lot of you guys on the call, you know that, you work for companies with large organizations and you know what kind of a mess you have to work with in technology. It’s often times an eight-legged octopus with no head. So we’re fixing that problem in mid-market and I see us doing the same as we continue to be pulled up market.
Chad Richison: Yes, we are having strong attach rates across the board. I think that the new innovations that we’ve come out with both DDX and Manager on-the-Go is really helping. With that, as we look to go to a full service payroll set, you’re going to need all products. I mean you’re going to need benefits administration. You’re going to need expense management. You’re going to need time and attendance. You’re going to need paid time off requests. You’re going to obviously need payroll. And so the more full solution sets were able to deploy, the stronger value proposition or higher the ROI the clients is going to be able to achieve. Again, it’s not purchasing the products that produces the ROI, it’s using the products that produces the ROI. And as we move to more self service initiatives, which we’re already there, we’re going to be measuring that for a client, which we believe drives greater overall usage of the entire product.
Chad Richison: Yes, for example on that, Brian, it wouldn’t be uncommon for a 250 employee restaurant to have 500 W-2s. Now it’s important to also note that our forms business isn’t just W-2, its W-3 submittals, its 1099s. It also includes in our case ACA forms that we’re also fee related and charged for in the first quarter. And so there’s more in there than just W-2s. But the short answer is those industries most impacted oftentimes would have higher turnover rates. And so again, it wouldn’t be uncommon for a restaurant that might have 250 employees. You could see 450 or 500 W-2s on that in a full year. And in this type of year for someone that may have had 250 employees may have only see 275 W-2s, because of kind of when it happened and then we lack some growth on that. And so that’s how it’s calculated and expectation of what normally happens with our W-2s as it corresponds to the business that we have in their number of employees and then what didn’t happen this year in regards to that. So again that’s a first quarter impact only that we’re talking about.
Chad Richison: I’m not going to comment on what our different competitors do out there. I would say our situations different than theirs. I think our opportunities of what we’re achieving is also been shown to be a little bit different. So I wouldn’t want to use them as a proxy for what’s going to happen to us and I’m sure, well, I mean they may want to use us for a proxy, what happens to them, but I don’t think we want to go there right now.
Chad Richison: Sure. Throughout the year, we’ll be rolling BETI out and at some point it will be not only an up-sell to current clients, it will be what we sell as we go-to-market that will be the way to do payroll. We came out with employee self service in 2002. It was free and I couldn’t even hardly get anybody to look at the product for two years. Matter of fact, wouldn’t even tell we can develop time and attendance online that people started using employee self-service to clock in at time and attendance. And so as we look at this today, I do believe BETI is kind of the cherry on the top of the payroll cake. Even internally here we’ve returned over 80% of our hours back to our own payroll department just because of the way we do things now. BETI has you doing the payroll throughout versus waiting to pay period end. So what does that do? Well, it makes it a lot more efficient for every employee as well as there is a lot of work now on the payroll side, they’re just not doing. And then you think of all the after the fact corrections, manuals, voids, things that were missed basically that becomes a liability and exposure to the business, which is all going away. And so this is going to happen just as nobody gets up from their chair and goes and changes to their channel on their TV and we can all remember the days those -- that happened, that’s what’s going to happen here. Employees are going to do their own payroll and they’re going to do their own payroll, because that’s the easiest way for them to do it and they’re going to do their own payroll because that’s how business wins. And matter of fact, that’s the only way business can win a payroll. And so that’s what we’re driving at answer to your question, we’re using it internally right now. I would expect in second quarter, we’ll have our first clients on it. And then third and fourth quarter, I would see us really starting to roll it out as we move those usage patterns and really move the way people start thinking about payroll instead of starting payroll when the period ends, you start it when it begins and the payroll’s over when pay period ends. So that’s what we’re driving at. I believe it’s the most significant product that we’ve ever developed at Paycom to be quite honest with you, because it fully automates a very complicated task that there is little to zero room actually for inaccuracies. Payroll has got to be perfect. If you’re 99.99% accurate in payroll, you get an F, employees expect it to be perfect, they expect it to be in their bank account and they’re not even really going to thank you for it, it’s an expectation for the work they’re doing. And so we’re going to make sure that happens and we’re going to put that responsibility as well as confirmation ability in the hands of the employees, which is where it’s already at right now. Nobody other than an employee themselves knows if they got paid everything that they should have been paid. And it’s best to have them confirm that and be a part of that transaction. So that’s what we’re going to do and I would see us rolling this out throughout the year. As far as when to -- when does it become popular, when does it become a thing? I know, like I said, it took us a while to get people to use employee self-service when we first came out with it, I don’t think this is going to take as long as that because we’ve been really focused on the usage patterns that drives us toward this and we’re real close to be in there now. So you’re going to have those early adopters, then you’re going to have the middle group and then we’ll have everybody else after that. And we’ll just kind of have to see how long that takes, but very excited about it and this will be a product that we’re charging for.
Chad Richison: Yes, no, it hasn’t changed my thoughts yet. Now the go-to-market could be a little bit different, what you’re talking about there is territory division and where we place an office and then how we work together. So do I see Paycom individuals working together in an office setting moving forward? Absolutely. Do I know exactly when that would be or what that might look like as we gear back up to maybe be able to visit a client back in their office? I don’t know exactly how that looks right now, but I am extremely confident that our employees will be back in their offices only when it’s safe to do so and we’ll continue the mission that we’ve set for today.
Chad Richison: Yes, we’re not going to disclose pricing right now on this call, but I mean, eventually, it would be published and you guys would be able to figure that out, but it’s important first, we go through that with our own salespeople individually and our own teams internally. But again, it will be a price that – it will be something that we’re charging for, because it produces an incredible amount of return on investment. And in order to use BETI, we had to do everything else right. It’s not like you can do everything else wrong and use BETI. If you’re going to use BETI, you have 100% DDX score, you – all of your managers are using Manager on-the-Go correctly and BETI has completely automated your entire payroll process. I mean, it’s almost the means to the end, if you will, BETI, as we roll it out. But it will be a product that we’re charging for because it does create great value.
Chad Richison: Very similar. I believe at IPO it was 6%. I don’t think it’s changed dramatically from year-to-year, I think we’re real close to where we’ve been in the past on that. Now, we have added small business teams, but we really just started adding them in earnest in 2019 and I – and even though they’ve had a lot of success in 2020, we didn’t really even see an incredible drag on our per client fee even with losses of certain employees at different clients and with selling small business. Now do you believe it would had more growth in that client revenue number had we not been selling as many small businesses. But I don’t really think the percentage is going to move drastically from where it’s at today just because of all the success we’re also having upmarket.
Chad Richison: Yes, I can’t really say that spikes in COVID cases had impacted our sales from week-to-week. Now, we did see again the spike had impacted us in that March, April and May time period where things got really bad and then kind of started to stabilize. But throughout the year, different spike in cases didn’t impact our ability to sell and move product. Now that we’ve returned to guidance, I believe that our strong sales bookings are included in our guidance as well as our performance. So I’m not going to keep talking about bookings but what I would say is this, that when we got into March, and especially towards the end of March, I didn’t have an expectation that 2020 would necessarily be a record for bookings and starts. It was. And as we turn into 2021, when you’re looking at our guidance, and you’re looking at the things that we had accomplished through the year, I believe we’re going to need that also in 2021, which not – is not unlike any other year we’ve had in the past where we’ve always need record sales and as well as record starts to hit our numbers and accomplish our goal. So as we head into 2021, there is no difference in that.
Chad Richison: Yes. I’m pretty sure that both employees and HR departments as well as the C-suite alike agree that removing middle layers of a data transfer process is the most efficient way to do it. And I think throughout 2020, you saw frustrations rise on both the side of the people doing the input as well as on the side of the employees that lacked access or – and then, also you kind of had a rush to deploy products. I think 2021 was the year that people dusted off products that they really thought or they bought for a certain situation and then they really tried to use them in 2020 and maybe didn’t work exactly like the brochure said. And so, I see this happening more and more, I think there is always been some reluctance to change. I’ve always said, waking up and changing ACM – HCM companies, I don’t think that some people look to do every day, it’s kind of like waking up and going to the dentist. So – but I do think as we move through 2020, it became very obvious to people that you’re either winning the game of HCM in your business or you’re losing it and we’ve identified the way that businesses win and I think more and more people accept that as what will be the future, and more and more people are motivated to get there now versus waiting too much longer to do that. And so we will continue to drive that so the businesses can have a clear ROI and a good choice for HCM.
Chad Richison: Yes, we never stop selling those industries. I mean, my philosophy is if you’re growing by 100 employees, well, it’s a great time to add Paycom. If you’re reducing force by 100 employees, well, it’s a great time to add Paycom. So that’s my opinion. We never retreated from trying to sell those organizations. We would look forward to them being able to come back fully. We’re not there yet, but I do think at some point in time that will happen, I don’t really know that it’s a light switch that will go on, I think it will more happen over time that we start to see things like that happen. We’ll have to see, haven’t seen it yet. And then – but again we remain focused on all industries as we remain industry agnostic.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, there is a lot of changes that we’re going to maintain, as we head through this. I mean, I would honestly say probably the only area in which we’re kind of waiting to see what’s going to be a more accepted practice is how we go to market in sales. We’re not waiting on anything else. I mean, when it comes to how we develop software, when it comes to how we’re servicing clients, when it comes to how we’re having those meetings. As far as that process, the efficiencies we’ve gain there, we’d be looking to keep those efficiencies. We’ve gained efficiencies in conversions and how we do conversions, we would be looking to maintain them. So I am not – I don’t think there is a whole lot of things we’re waiting to see what happens before we make decisions. There is a few of them we talked about those as far as the go-to-market. But on the back end of efficiencies that we’re gained through this process, some of them are forced. We had to gain certain efficiencies to be even able to work at home. We even answer the phones at home. We had to gain certain efficiencies. And so there’s a things that we’re going to maintain as we come back to work from the office and most of those are already known to us.
Chad Richison: All right. I want to thank everyone for joining us today on the call and our special thanks to all the employees at Paycom for their flexibility and their perseverance through 2020. Over the next couple of months, we’ll be at several conferences this quarter, including the KeyBanc Emerging Technology Summit on February 24; and Craig and James will be hosting one-on-one meetings at the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and Telecom Conference on March 3. We look forward to speaking with many of you again very soon and appreciate your continued interest in Paycom. Thank you, operator. You may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I agree with that Raimo. In terms of linearity, we’re not – we don’t have anything in the guidance related to recovery towards the back half. It would be more level throughout the year on that as opposed to any sort of back half a recovery that would be baked in.
Craig Boelte: Yes, in terms of cash flow, the things that are going to impact our cash flow obviously are tax rates as well as our CapEx. And so I would expect our CapEx for 2021 as a percent of revenue to be fairly similar as a percent of revenue as what we saw in 2020. One thing to kind of keep in mind is that CapEx, we’re still completing the Dallas operations. And so that will be complete probably end of Q2, we may still have some carryover costs on that on Q3. So as you’re kind of looking at CapEx, that would be the impact for 2021.
Craig Boelte: No, I mean on the gross margin we kind of gave the guide on for the full year at 95% to 96%. I mean, obviously, the first quarter is one of our largest gross margin quarter. So the $6 million to $7 million would have a slight impact first quarter, but we still think for the full year, we can finish in that 95% to 96% range.
Craig Boelte: One thing I’d say, we are continuing to look for efficiencies throughout the model. I think I had mentioned, I said 95% to 96% on the gross margin. I mean 85% to 86% is what we’re guiding to for the full year on the gross margin, but we’re continuing to look for efficiencies throughout the model and we’ll continue to do that.
A - Craig Boelte: No, Brian. I indicated that we had not baked in any recovery in our guidance numbers. We’re -- as we provide guidance for the full year, we have not included a recovery in those numbers.
A - Craig Boelte: Yes, we had -- in the prepared remarks, we’ve talked about $6 million to $7 million that it will impact our Q1 numbers we feel like. Obviously that’s an estimate based on the number of W-2s we would have expected to file. There would be W-2s, 1099s, 1095s for our clients and kind of what would have expected in a normal year and then what we will file this year based on the fact that certain industries didn’t have the -- obviously didn’t have the headcount in the middle of the year or the turnover of those employees that would have generated a W-2.
A - Craig Boelte: And I would say we really had a strong Q4 and we felt like it was a good Q4 and really sets us up well for 2021.
