Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because of statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. You should refer to and consider these factors when we rely on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today's call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: Okay. Michael with respect to the adjusted EBITDA and then the guidance for the rest of year, for the first half of the year obviously the forms filings was very strong at the beginning of the year. And so that had a - that additional revenue flows through to the adjusted EBITDA. And the costs associated with that aren’t all that significant. And then as we look through the second quarter you kind of look up and down there the lines of the income statement and we saw some margin expansion go up and down. And we had some in the gross margin as well as G&A and sales and marketing. So as we continue to outperform on the revenue line a lot that is falling through to the bottom line.
Craig Boelte: No, as we look at our gross margin guidance we kind of kept it at that 82% and 84% and then if we over achieve it tends to be closer to that 84% in terms of our over achievement on revenue. Now one that we’ve pointed out is we have to hire in front of the revenue growth. So as we look quarter-to-quarter we want to make sure that we have the people in the bench to service that growth and those cline clients that come on board. So that’s kind of it fluctuates potentially from quarter-to-quarter. It’s really on a headcount basis.
Craig Boelte: So we have 42 offices right now, 11 are still in the process of maturing so that leaves us with 31 that are currently mature being that we’re now in August. And I would say that as far as how one looks different than the other, the substantial difference outside of the first maybe six months opening is really going to be the staffing in each office. I mean, a newer office is going to have a couple of sales reps in it maybe two or three and a mature office is going to have in between seven and nine sales reps at full staff. A new office is going have zero executive reps and the mature office - four, five, six or more and so it just makes a difference and that’s why it takes a little bit of time for these to mature. As far as the activity and the expected quota for new reps and everything else those remain the same and so it really what changes is just the progression and maturity stage that they are out of that time.
Craig Boelte: It’s always really been strong that we’re really in an industry where people really like tenderness as they continue to engage their workforce. I mean, it hasn’t been that long that there has really been technology that where you could really even engage a workforce. I mean if we think back 15, 20 years ago it wasn’t that often that people were leveraging this type of technology in the cloud to communicate with employees in a meaningful way as well as the rest of their management staff to be able to collaborate on important items that can impact cost, HR and what have you and so we’re continuing to see that. So I’ve never really seen a time where it’s been down. I think that anytime you have a great solution you are going to get your at best out there. I think the longer in the business the more popular you get. The more references you have at different levels the more references you are able to create and so we’re just continuing our momentum as have in the past and I would say it’s been all similar and that it’s been very strong demand there for a long time I think for our entire industry.
Craig Boelte: I mean, as far as our client retention rates that’s a metric that we actually disclose each year and as all of you know it’s been flat the same for the last four years and it is something we definitely focus on at Paycom how you continue to set a company up, make sure they are good from the get go and then continue to increase usage along the way. You definitely want to have your clients using the technology they are purchasing and so that’s something that we’re very focused on for us from a retention standpoint to always.
Chad Richison: Well I kind of thought you answered the question in the first part of your question but so I mean obviously like you said it’s not a metric that we talk about anymore. Obviously we have had continued experience strong growth as it relates to onboarding of new clients. We’re very focused on that and we look to continue to do that into the future.
Chad Richison: Yes, and so the FLSA is actually going to update for the first time in 12 years beginning December 1 of this year and it’s going to go from a $455 per week threshold to $913 per week threshold which means employees that are paid salary that make less than $913 a week which is roughly $47,000 a year will be subject to over time. In that you can only account for 10% of bonus and commissions basically nondiscretionary income, you can only account for 10% of it and so if you have a person that is making $40,000 in salary and they are making another $30,000 in commission and bonus they are actually subject to the overtime rules and so you would actually have to start tacking hours on that individual and paying them over time even though their gross amount is much more than the $47,000 but it’s how you are paying it. So our tool allows them to go through the analytics of both those people who are salaried employees close to the range that may not have enough over time where they keep them at that range to again efficient in their payment, as well as identify those employees who are going to make above $47,000 when you include the 10% bonus and commission and potentially these employers would chose as I believe we would to make that, to restructure that employee's commission and bonus compensation and actually put more into salary so that they do not have to pay them over time and therefore track hours. Now as far as the change beginning in 2020 they actually because this was the first time they had made the change in 12 years, in 2020 they’re actually going to start increasing it every three years keeping in line with the economy. And so we don’t - this isn’t going to go away. It’s going to kick off on December 1 and like everything else people are going to have to continuously manage it and I believe it’s going to have a great impact on companies that do not manage it successfully.
Chad Richison: Correct. This actually, this toolkit it actually now embedded in our government and compliance module which we already have and so we do intend on providing clients with this module. We also are using it for discussion purposes because clients just now both clients as well as new prospects are just now deciding what exactly are they going to do, who are they move where and what is the impact. So they can actually run if then scenarios. If I change their salary to this and their bonus is this what’s the count for me and what does that mean in my business. And also this has been reconciled every quarter by the employer and any under payment has to be remitted at that time to each employee. This is a DoL, Department of Labor type thing and so unlike ACA compliance where you are filing returns directly with the IRS at the end of the year, this is something where employees if they were underpaid not unlike if they were underpaid right now through not having the correct minimum wage or what have, they would file a claim with the Department of Labor. And so that’s really how this is managed at this time. I have heard that somehow that DoL and IRS could be working together in certain areas on this but I haven’t seen any regs come out on that yet. So that’s where we’re at today. Like anything every year it’s more and more regulation, more and more changes and more and more the businesses have to deal with and that’s something we do. We’re good at making it easier for them to handle what's often times forced on them.
Chad Richison: And as far as the office openings we have opened the most offices that we've ever opened this year and that combined with last year I believe puts us at about 10 or 11 that have actually been opened in the last - yes, 11 opened in the last 19 months. And so we're still absorbing all of those openings and all those moves and at the appropriate time where it makes sense for us to expand even further we’re going to look to do that.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, I'm not going to really guide to exactly what we’re going to do next year at this time. What I can tell you is that for sure the longer someone is in a territory with us the more experienced they gain and they’re more qualified that they have. And just a little of numbers over time the more offices you have with the more maturity amongst each office, the more candidates you're going to have as well. But for right now, we're very focused on continuing to absorb what we've done and really experience the benefits that we are experiencing from those offices that have been opened longer than 24 months.
Chad Richison: I think the revenue in the guidance speak for itself. I know that as far as closest for us I mean, we’ve continued to have a very strong closes on our deals and that is as far as onboarding clients. We continue to be pulled up to the top end of the range, I mean, each quarter seems like now I have highlighted those companies that are actually exist above our range. And that I mean our executive reps we continue to have more executive reps mature as many of you know it takes about 14 months, once a rep starts with us for us to them to achieve executive rep status. And that group represents the overwhelming majority of everything we sell. And so we continue to have more executive reps added each month as we continue on and we just continue to get stronger and stronger.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean it’s all increased. I mean the top office we’re going to have this year is going to outsell the top office we had last year. Maybe we had some significant top rep sales last year but already we have people on pace at pace to beat that. And so we continue on. And then as far as the success of moving up market and selling it at the top end of our range and not that we at all want to ignore the lower midmarket because we have had great success there as well. But we do have more product to sell. The product we continue our R&D efforts so it gets better and better. I mean we just talked about our FLSA toolkit that we are now embedding into our government compliance tool to help people be able to navigate the new regulation. And so for us we wake up every day and really try to get better than what we were the day before. I think using our own training modules make it as made it easier for us and we’re going to continue to do the same as we move forward. 
Chad Richison: Well I think the impact to our clients and prospects as it relates to overtime is really going to be at the expense on their. And most companies the largest impact that they had at with the ACA expense was what they paid either us or one of the competitive vendors or really is about maintaining compliance. Most of the companies in the midmarket were offering affordable healthcare. And so to a large extent the expense associated with ACA was what they were paying their vendor or what they're using themselves to stay compliant and make those ongoing decisions. Not that it's all one to one in that every bit of their expenses what they would pay a vendor but I mean it’s a substantial portion. As it relates to this it really just depends on companies make-up coming, if they have employees that are salaried at $40,000 salary and these employees are working 60 hours a week they’re going to have to convert that $40,000 employee into an hourly employee and they’re going to have to pay them over time, time and an half on those 20 hours each week. And so it's a significant change and so companies who are good at analyzing and predicting both what has happened, what they have currently and what they expect to happen in the future based on what has happened in the past. Those companies who are good at that are going to save themselves a lot of money. Those companies who aren’t or either going to spend a lot or potentially have DOL cases opened up. And so that was really my statement and that this is much more impactful I believe for an organization when you’re talking about pay and salary and, kind of what you have to pay. There's – there aren’t really many choices for workarounds on it. You just have to really be good and know your dad and that's where having a single database comes in when you have the payroll time and attendance data and other – and the exact same assistant compensation data, non-description and compensation data and everything in the same system it’s easy to gather. And you have history tables that have this information. And so I believe it’s going to have a significant impact and I still believe we’re at the very early stages of it being something that clients even want to an exercise that they really want to go through.
Chad Richison: I think it depends on the company I don't see how it has -- I don't say on any midsized company how it has zero impact on their expense. I just -- I couldn’t see really a situation and unless they already were paying everybody that had a salary over $47,000.Then potentially that could be the case and when you get into companies that have 600, 700, 800 employees or 400 employees you typically have more diversity then just to add. And so I think it’s going to have an impact on businesses for sure.
Chad Richison: We don’t talk about adoption rates for our products but I do believe that we do have some bandwidth in government compliance to go out there and be able to push this product and to the client can then leverage it to manage this highly sensitive cost area for them and then I also believe it’s a major conversation starter that we have with prospects. I do believe we were like ACA we were very quick to this and when we developed something we developed a comprehensive system that not only helps them out of the gate but helps them on an ongoing basis. And even there is a lot of the thinking for them as far as being able to predict data points based on prior data points over the same period. And so I think that we’re going to get some bets with this, we’re going to having conversations with this and like everything else we’re going to see it move forward.
Chad Richison: I don’t know what necessarily impacts other company’s churn but we do have a very good product. We had a good ACA product and I believe that our FSLA product we have at the gate is a very strong product and like any of our products we’re very committed to make the necessary changes along the way as regulations change.
Chad Richison: Well I think it’s our goal. We started off with our share buyback last quarter. It is out goal over time to reduce the overall share count. We looked at our cash and what we’re really able to do at this time and we felt like it was an appropriate amount to start that now.
Chad Richison: Yes, it is our expectation that we would be replacing that. We’re in the process right now of conducting those interviews and we’ll be announcing those in the future.
Chad Richison: Well luckily I’ve had years and years of practice. From our standpoint we’ve continued to grow, I think we’ve got a 40% CAGR over the last five years and so you have to continue to do that. Really it’s about the processes you put in place. I’ve said it before that a substantial number of employees anywhere would fail at a company if it weren’t for the processes that they put in place to help them succeed and so we’re very focused on our processes. We’re very focused on updating our processes. We’re very focused on client feedback that revolves around our process because likewise with new technology we also have to make sure you are providing a new type of service. You don’t want to have a 2016 technology and your service model in stuck in 2001 and so you really or you are onboarding a piece and so you have to continue to innovate across the board. It’s not just the software, it’s the process, it’s the setup, it’s R&D it’s everything. You have to continue to innovate across the board and we’ve really gotten a lot of experience in continuing to do that, be good at recruiting. And a lot of that comes from leveraging our own tools internally to be able to make those things happen.
Chad Richison: Well, definitely. You want to give the client the best experience that, that client can have. And I believe that starts off with a great technology. I can remember when I used to do first sales calls myself, I actually sold our first 400 deals here at Paycom where I was teaching people what the Internet was, and kind of plug it in for them. And so even from back then, you go in with your plan and you want to have very good, you want a very good technology solution. And we’ve just continue to innovate that along the way. So it’s something we’ve experienced in the past as far as continuing to grow these departments overtime and I see as just continuing that.
Chad Richison: At this time the functionality is within the government compliance tool. We did put in there. So clients of ours that have current government compliance, they have it available for them today, and we are working with them. We do have a large number of clients that aren't set up on government compliance, we're looking at bringing that to them as well as adding it to each prospect that comes in. I mean, this is almost a have to have now for companies to start with us moving forward.  That’s not to say that they absolutely have to buy it from us, but it wouldn’t make a lot of sense I wouldn’t think for a product with this type of impact for a client to actually on board our service without it. And so but it’s still optional for them.
Chad Richison: I mean, you do have a mandate right now, December 1. So that is something that’s out there, that all companies need to be compliant by then. And then you’re going to have the ongoing aspect of management continuing on. And so I mean, if there is a point where people want to jump on, it’s that, you might have some people jump on after they get their first DoL compliant. It just really depends.
Chad Richison: Well, we see them more often because we have more reps and more - in more cities. We’re going to see them more often because we have more at-bats and obviously, they’re in that market. But I would say, we’ve been hearing of where day in especially ultimate on a continual basis for a long time, across the board, whether we’re above the 2,000 employees range, or whether we’re in mid-market. So I think that we’ve all kind of existed and we all kind of have our focus, but we all really exist in similar markets as far as and ultimate we do have crossover. And so we’re going to see them quite a bit. I think we’ve been very successful with onboarding and converting businesses from all of our competitors.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, I would say this. One, as far as guidance even though deals that would start December 1, you’re going to get that 1/12 of the total annualized value for that on this - for December. So a major impact in the very last month, I don’t know, but as far as on boards, we are trying our best to make sure we have several people. And let people know that December 1 go live date for this. And it’s very important for them to have this information and be able to be utilizing these tools. Whether or not, that means a lot of companies convert very quickly to something. It is a little different than ACA and that standpoint, just because ACA did have the Forms filing piece to it where you’re going to get caught quick. This might be a situation where you might actually make a decision just give everybody the $47,000 salary. So, that you've abided by the rules but then you go back and realize that had you used good analytics and made some of them hourly, because their overtime would've put them over that, you find that - you make the decision save yourself $280,000 just by managing it. And so someone wants to get compliant, they just raise everybody to $47,000 and make everybody hourly. But I believe in the mid-market especially, and definitely upper mid-market people that are lot more strategic than one comes to their cost and so. We’re going to be doing everything we can to educate both clients and prospects alike on what’s coming and how we can make substantial impact on mitigating their exposure, as well as reducing their operating costs.
Chad Richison: Sure. We give employee count updates once a year. I can’t tell you just having been here for now 19 years that from a hiring perspective, you’re up, you’re down, you’re up, you’re down, you’re up, you’re down and then you always end up where you need to be. So for us, we continue that throughout the year and really being methodical on when we bring people on, we’re fortunate in a couple of ways in that as we sailed deals they start. We have a pretty quick start dates. And so as we sell deals we start and so we had a little bit of notice but often times we don’t have enough notice in the pipeline necessarily to just run out and hire people and get them trained. And so, often times you have to train those people, which Craig was talking about ahead of, which can inflate sometimes our gross margin. You've to hire and train those people ahead of then being able to catch the business and the revenue follows later. Sometimes when the revenues follows quicker than what you have actually added employees, sometimes you can get upside down a little bit where you need to take staff and get them trained and going quickly. And so it's kind of something in our business, at least, that you’re always managing. But we’re also fortunate and that, the business comes an incremental overtime and stays with us. And so it allows us to be able to do that.
Chad Richison: I'd like to thanks, everyone, for joining us on today’s call. We had an excellent second quarter and we’re energized for the second half of the year. I want to remind everybody, we’ll be presenting at the Pacific Crest Technology Conference in Vail on Monday - Tuesday August, 9 and also at the Canaccord Conference in Boston on August 10. Thank you all and we’ll be speaking with you soon.
