Chad Richison: Sure, Raimo. So I will start off first with the retention. About three years ago, we really started driving toward the employee usage strategy and that’s where employees actually help employers through managing their own data with the direct access. And so we started on that. We released the app. We started to see retention improved as that strategy continued to become prevalent across the organization. We did get some improvement both in 2018. And then in 2019 as we released the Direct Data Exchange, it actually helped our clients, helped us manage that process and put that score out there for them. And they’ve embraced it. And we’ve got two types of clients. I mean we do have those clients that have really embraced it. And we have those clients that are trying to, if you will. And so but for everybody, it really does show the amount of – the types of efficiencies that can be gained when those employees have a direct relationship with the database. And so that as well as we have continued to enhance our products, I mean, I look at how much we enhanced our learning management product, included it in the price. And then we’ve also done that with Ask Here. And then, once again, with Manager on-the-Go, which I believe is the most significant product we have released since our app. And so I think we’ve done well on retention. Your question of can it continue to go higher? Obviously, we do have some clients that might may be bought, sold, merged or out of business, it’s harder to keep those, but I think we’ve done a good job with that trending in the right direction. Shifting over to the quarterly anomaly that we are experiencing this year, I am going to turn that over to Craig.
Chad Richison: And Raimo, I will add one thing to that. It’s important to remember this. It’s not new business revenue, this is current recurring revenue. This is from current clients. That means it’s generated from current clients and we don’t have to go out and sell clients to get it.
Chad Richison: No, it was about three years ago we stopped giving specific deals. We never called out the names, but we would call out a 4,200 employee trucking company in the Northeast. So we kind of – we were kind of sharing too much information. So we did continue to have wins throughout fourth quarter as we did every quarter last year at the top end of our range and it was a strong quarter. I mean, to be able to finish the year, first have a strong quarter, but also be able to finish the year at a 30% growth rate, 43% adjusted EBITDA from where we started. When we started earlier in the year, I think our combined guide was at 66%, when you combined our revenue and our adjusted EBITDA guide. So to be able to finish at that level we were happy with that. So our leads continue to be strong. I will share this with. You our leads in the first quarter, just for the first month of January, already up 600%. And so we have continued to spend aggressively in marketing because we’re having success with it. One other thing that I would provide is that we’ve actually expanded our inside sales group, another two teams. And so there is four there now. As you guys may have remembered last quarter, I did talk about how we had 5 inside salespeople, we turned that into 2 teams last year that would be 2 teams of 8, so 16 salespeople and two managers. This year, the month of January, we had to add two more teams to clear the lead volume that’s coming in, because it did increase. And so now, we actually have 32 salespeople inside sales and 4 teams and so it’s not shifting our model and our focus. I mean we are driving it to 50 to 5,000 market. We continue to do that, but we are also continuing to have increased lead volume. And so we have remained focused on generating more leads this year as well.
Chad Richison: Yes. And so we guide to what we can see. Last year, I think we guided 40.5%ish, if you will in adjusted EBITDA. This year, we are guiding at 42%. We are continuing to spend. You guys probably watch some TV and definitely, if you are on digital, we are doing a lot there too. We have an opportunity right now we believe to pick up market share. Our marketing initiatives are bearing fruit if you will. And so we have continued them aggressively. And so I would say – and I will say this is that all of the advertising and marketing spend that we have planned this year is currently baked into that guide we delivered. And so which was very similar to last year’s guide from a baking in the marketing spend, I mentioned the same thing last year as well.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, the salespeople now will be able to – I would say toward the end of this year, usually, I would say, we have this many reps that continue to sell $1 million. I mean we have got reps up at $1 million. We have got some reps at $2 million. I won’t have those final numbers. The sales years run or sales rep quota runs February through the end of January. So, they actually end on their largest month. And so we will have those commissions about February 15 and we will be able to talk more about that. But what I will say is I am able to see what different reps book. We do know that most all of our bookings, minus about 3% turns into revenue or turns into sales – or turns into yes, revenue, actually started business. And so we are seeing success there across the board with all of our sales reps.
Chad Richison: Yes, it’s a good question. That’s actually net new customers, new logos. So those reps do not up-sell to current clients.
Chad Richison: So we have a different group that does that, Brad and that’s our CRR group and that group continues to go out, meet with clients and when it makes sense to be able to sell them additional products and that group also helps our products. That was one of the groups that really helped drive retention. I mean I should go ahead and call them out two years ago. They actually went back into the client base and made sure everybody was set up for good usage and they were actually working with the clients showing them the internal DDX score before we developed it. And so that group continues to work with clients as well as up-sell them when the opportunity arises.
Chad Richison: Sure. And so like DDX and Ask Here, Manager on-the-Go is actually included in the client’s current pricing. It’s a usage product. Work doesn’t stop when you are away from your desk, whether you are walking around and you are building away from your desk or whether you are driving around or off location. And so Manager on-the-Go changes the way managers and decision-makers interact with our solutions. We actually believe it also broadens the number of users within our system, because there are several people that could be included in the time and attendance time card approval process or the time-off request process or the expense management approval process. They could be included, but for they do not have access to that type of technology where they are located, maybe they aren’t, someone that works in an office. So we believe it will help broaden it. We believe it will increase the data flow. And we also believe that as people use Manager on-the-Go like our own employees who have been using it internally, it will become the way that they use the system for those specific task. It’s important to note not everything we have is within Manager on-the-Go, it’s task-oriented. There are some things that a client would still use desktop for specifically configuration and some other things. And so we have had it internally for two months. We actually, Mark, released it to our clients, Thursday night, this past Thursday night. And so I believe, we are going to have a lot of success with that, not unlike what we have seen with our employee app.
Chad Richison: Yes. I will tell you, when it comes to DDX, it’s hard for me to call it a product. It is almost a scorecard of our strategy or a health check. And so in order for someone to even see the DDX is valuable, they have had to buy off on the strategy, right? And so when we are talking about that, DDX, I think, helps people visualize and understand how they win with this strategy. I mean if you are a company that has just even an average DDX score, and let us say, of your changes last year, 350,000 were made directly by employees, and let us just say maybe only or the client made 150,000 changes. If you are able to take that into any other setting in retail, where you have 150,000 people going to a counter and 350,000 people going direct, and you’re able to move those other 150,000 to direct versus the counter, for an overall business, there is quite a bit of not only cost savings, but as well as efficiency. And so what the DDX does is, it helps us drive that strategy home and becomes a proved source of what success looks like in that. I will say that I think learning management became a lot stronger product last year. When you think about we are replacing mundane data input tasks with a task that help drive further value for a business, learning has to be at the top of that list. And the fact that we’ve added a product to the learning management system, which allows employees to actually demonstrate proficiency in what they just learned as well as many other features and enhancements that we’ve made to the system, we believe that, that’s moving in the right direction as well.
Chad Richison: Well, on occasion, I mean, I will say this, our software has the functionality to calculate net pay today. And we do not stop our clients from using third-party options. But we do want to make sure we have our bases covered. I mean we’re an HCM vendor. It is important that we help keep our clients compliant. There are daily pay rules per state and there is deposit filing requirements and rules per state as well as the Fed. And so we do continue to engage with the IRS looking for a letter ruling on this specific thing of how companies can – should actually be handling it and not get in trouble from the tax. But I just want to say, I do not see on-demand pay or daily pay or whatever it wants to be called, I don’t really see this as a technological differentiator for anyone in our industry. I think all systems can pretty much provide it. It is just a question of choice, not so much capability.
Chad Richison: Yes, certainly. I mean if your leads go up 600%, it is going to impact your pipeline for sure and that would be the case here at Paycom. We do continue to spend on the advertising, provided that it works. I mean I will tell you this, I would have a problem spending money. You cannot waste money in advertising. You cannot waste money in marketing. And so that’s something we track week-by-week, leads came in that converted to appointments, that convert to deals and those are percentages that we track. And – but the tip of that spear is the leads actually coming in and they are good leads. And so we do continue to look to increase lead volume.
Chad Richison: Sure. Well, I call 2019 our best year because all metrics were up. I mean we have had years where we have had good growth. We have had years where we have had good adjusted EBITDA. But when you are looking at what we are doing now, we are growing on a higher number. Retention is going up, which is actually harder on a higher number when it is revenue retention, when you’re not getting 40% growth that we had three, four years ago. And so retention is going up. Our own employee retention is going up. It is continued to march up. That’s been good. Our clients are happier. Our clients are starting out the gate with higher usage scores. We have cleaner conversions because of that. We have more motivated clients to convert. Our lead volumes up. We are getting momentum. And so all that’s to say is, as I look back on 2019 and we shifted our entire strategy over the last three years. I mean we introduced an app, and then wanted people to actually use it, which changed the way people use this technology. It changed the way we service the technology, changed the way we sell the technology. And so we went through all of that with what I would say was without a blip. And if you look at 2019, it is kind of how everything came together, if you will. And as I looked at the metrics across-the-board at Paycom, all of them were good. And so that’s why I called out 2019 is the best year we have had.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, I would say, you always have the same components of retention, which would include your trailing 12 revenue, which would include business you bring on, it would include up-sells, it would include all the rest of it. However, it has been very stagnant, if you will, at 91%, then it jumped at 92% and jumped at 93%. So what was different? What is different is the amount of usage we have in these systems. If you look back – listen back to past quarters, you would hear me say things like it costs the client the same whether they get all the value out of it or just a little bit of value out of it, and we are driving clients to get all the value out of it. I believe as clients have gained more value and some all of the value, they are less likely to look and they’re less likely to be sold away from Paycom, as they continue to get that value here. As well as, we continue to create more value for them included in their current fee with many of the products that I’ve mentioned just last year with Ask Here, enhanced learning as well as now Manager on-the-Go.
Chad Richison: Yes, I want to make sure I understood the question, it sounds like you are asking about the product road map and what our focus are for this year. Well, we do not describe the very specific products that we are coming out with. I will say this, Paycom looks to develop products that drive not just usage, but value to the employer that is measurable. We continue to identify opportunities for that, which fit within the HCM realm, if you will. Manager on-the-Go is one way to get to some of that. I think, as we move forward into this year and especially as we look back and measure what happened, I mean, I believe, to some extent, everybody that uses our system that is in the approval process flow, if you will, will be using Manager on-the-Go. And so I don’t think mobile usage is going to retreat anytime soon in our industry. And honestly, I think it is becoming more prevalent as your younger generation move into management roles.
Chad Richison: We continue to be focused on new office openings. I am not going to call inside sales teams new office openings. They are inside sales teams. But they are doing extremely well. So we are going to continue to open up offices when it makes sense to us, which would include identifying opportunities throughout this year.
Chad Richison: Yes. We have not given any specifics out on the size of that team or exactly how much it grows. But I can say it keeps up with about the growth percentage of revenue. You have – those CRRs are going to be responsible for clients, a certain amount of clients that they will carry. So obviously, as your client count goes up, revenue goes up, you are going to have some of that. Now what I will say, they’re more focused on the client versus the size of the revenue of the client. And so they have certain duties that they do on a weekly basis that keeps them focused on a set number of clients. And so there is a correlation between number of clients we have and CRRs.
Chad Richison: Well, I hope it becomes a concern at some point. I would not say we are at that now. I mean you can take any city, even the smallest ones we are in that we have been in there for the longest period of time. And our calculation of our TAM is still there, a very small percent of the overall TAM that exists. And so we continue to have opportunities everywhere. And I don’t see us running out of those opportunities at any given time. As you guys can see, there’s all types of competition out there. And everybody and their dog wants to get into the next one. And so there is a lot of prospects out there. And we have a lot of opportunities. So no, we’re not running into any saturation.
Chad Richison: We don’t discuss win rates, except to say, they have been very healthy. And we did not wake up this year retreating back from where we - the success we had last year. So we are the same company. We’re in a stronger position this year coming out of last year from products, staffing and everything else. And so we are going to focus on what we have to do this year to end on a good note.
Chad Richison: Alright. Well, I would like to thank, everyone, for joining us on the call today. And I would like to send a special thank you out to all the Paycom employees for a great 2019 and a strong start to 2020. Over the next couple of months, we will be on the road meeting with investors. Craig and James will be hosting investor meetings in San Francisco at the Morgan Stanley Conference, on March 3 and at the KeyBanc Conference on March 4. We appreciate your continued interest in Paycom and look forward to meeting with many of you soon. Thank you, operator. You may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So Raimo, Wednesdays have historically been our largest processing day and we process about half a week’s worth of revenue on a Wednesday, and that’s for a Friday payday. So we do it 48 hours before payday. So anyone getting paid weekly or biweekly on that week, it impacts them. So what we saw is that first quarter, there is 12 as opposed to 13 and then we make that up in third quarter. So that $8 million really shifts from first quarter to third quarter.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So if you remember, there were three interest rate cuts at the end of last year. In our guidance, we are holding interest rates fairly stable with a possible cut towards the end of 2020, but pretty flat for the full year.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean – so, Mark, in terms of cash flows from operations, with 606, we do have some deferred costs in there. But – and the other things would just kind of be normal cash flow items. Obviously, taxes, you can have some variability from quarter-to-quarter on your tax payments. And when certain stock comp vest, you can get some benefits from that, which may lower your tax rate. So those were kind of some of the puts and takes on the cash flow.
Craig Boelte: Yes. I mean, we actually saw gross margin move up this year. So we are extremely happy about that. And as Chad mentioned, the more the clients use it, the easier it is to service the clients. So we did see the gross margin tick up this year.
Craig Boelte: And kind of a housekeeping item, I wanted to mention as well, just our client count at the end of the year. Our client count at the end of the year was 26,527 and on a parent company group, it would be 13,581, and we also stored data for over 4.9 million employees of our clients last year.
