Chad Richison: Yes, so I appreciate the question. So if this is in a shift in strategy, we've been having success, selling online. You did allude to the fact that we've had a small inside sales organization here, that does sell the smaller either prospects that call us or potentially clients that have an easier situation. But anyway, we continue to have increased lead volume and in both inside and outside sales, and these inside sales efforts are just augmenting our traditional sales model, it's not replacing it and so this should be accretive. The plans we have to continue to expand our footprint and outside sales haven't changed. As I just mentioned, we did open up an office in New Orleans. So we continue to open up new offices in a staggered approach, when it makes sense, but we also are having increased lead volume coming in through inside sales. And in addition to innovating our product, we're also innovating our sales strategy as well. And so -- but I wouldn't -- I wouldn't call this a shift in, in strategy, we're expanding in both areas.
Chad Richison: Yes. So I'll take the first question, I mean, I'm sure I could single out a specific prospect that for one reason or another might not embrace the strategy of employees having a direct relationship with the database. But I can't think of a good reason, why any prospect regardless of size, wouldn't want their employees to have a direct relationship with the database. In fact, I believe that's what the enterprise market has been trying to build too with the multiple interfaces and now you're even seeing companies lay over areas of technology onto those back end so that employees can actually have some level of experience with their data. And so, I think, whether you're a large client or a large prospect, whether you're a smaller prospect, this is the future of our industry, and we're experiencing that future today. And so I would expect that all enterprise level type clients would receive the same type of value that the others. And we're actually seeing that, we do continue to sell at the upper end of our range and even above that. And so our lead generations actually continues to drive results for us in those areas. I'll let Craig answer the guidance question.
Chad Richison: Yes, well, first I'd say without productivity gains, you don't need to open up any offices, productivity gains are very important. And so we continue to drive that, we've opened up a lot of offices, I've said this in the past, now we're 50 and at -- once those offices are full, they are averaging about eight reps each. And so that's 400 reps, for us, and that's quite a bit out there in the U.S. right now. And so when we look at the TAM, we already have covered, there's quite a bit there already. And so, yes, we are going to continue to expand at times, when it makes sense to us, but we also want to capture everything that's available to us now as well. And so again, I didn't say this to signal a shift in strategy, it's more a little bit and I wouldn't necessarily say that it's a shift. But we are seeing some buying habits change and a willingness depending on situation for people to buy online. And as I've said earlier, as we're innovating our product, we're also innovating our sales strategy. I don't think people are going to potentially by the same way, 10 years from now, that they're buying right now and we want to be looking at that. And what does that mean? I think the reasons why they buy actually, as we look into the future will probably be similar to why they're buying right now, as far as that goes, but I think how they buy, it can be a little bit different. We're not changing, what we're doing now. I just want to say that. We did open up an office, New Orleans. We do continue to focus on expanding that footprint. So anyway, I would just leave it with that. Second part of the question.
Chad Richison: Yes, well, I mean we've measured, our retention the same since 2007, and it's a trailing 12, and so we've measured at the same. Last year was a very first time we saw an increase in that over a period of about seven years. And so obviously, we're looking to increase that -- this year. Retention something that improves throughout the year, you're going to typically have your largest losses in the beginning and then retention improves throughout the year. And so that's why we updated once a year to stay consistent, but it's been our focus to focus on retention and really what drives that is client satisfaction and the ROI that they're generating off of using the software and how we're able to increase that ROI for them as well as for their employees. And so those types of things drive retention for us and we're in the middle of the year and we'll report that number at the end of this year.
Chad Richison: Sure. So we made -- mention of a modest price increase last quarter. And moving forward, we're not going to communicate any pricing in the future as we don't want to discuss our pricing strategy for our competitors. But I will say this, and I've said this in the past, as we drive greater ROI for our clients, it would only make sense that we would have the opportunity to share on the value that we're creating with our R&D spend. Ultimately, our clients are going to decide our value and I feel really good about the amount of No Fee functionality. We've added into the product to drive ROI for our clients, as well as their employees and I believe the clients are having a positive response to that enhancement.
Chad Richison: Yes. So the short answer is currently 95% of our clients have click through the DDX five times or more and the DDX has been out for four months. So we started the shift to employee usage to drive incremental ROI for the client and the employee about three years ago. We've already got 95% on click through. Currently if we look at our clients usage in aggregate for all of them, we're in the high 80s. But I will say this, I mean high 80 isn't a B plus on DDX. But it does show that clients are progressing. And how we see that even how they're using it, now we're having clients that want us to break down the DDX per user and per department and that tells us they're focused on it and they're using it to improve their scores as they are completing the digital transformation in HCM.
Chad Richison: Yes. And so we had been selling above the 2,000 employee range for quite a long time before we actually formalized it and said okay, now we're moving up to 5,000 and now we're even seeing clients come in above that. So I would just say that we are continuing to get more of those, but we also have more at-bats, because we have more reps. And then as our value proposition is getting stronger, people who may not have been as interested in it six years ago, are more interested in it now, because the value proposition continues to get stronger.
Chad Richison: Okay. Well, first I'll tell you, I mean as far as I think you're talking about the revenue growth and what really does that encompass and you talked about pricing up sell new logo adds.
Chad Richison: I wouldn't say that it's changed much at all, is in the past, I mean, I know that our new client wins percentage and our up sell percentage are very consistent as they have been in the past with the exception of the ACA year. With the exception of that year, where we did have an upside in Internal up sales to current clients just because of the sheer mass that kind of all came on at once. With the exception to that, our percentages have been very consistent and always overweighted very heavy toward the new logo side. As for the Ask Here, like the DDX and even like our app, Ask Here is one of those no fee functionality products that we do include within our stack, so that people will use the product correctly. And so Ask Here helps employees embrace the technology even more. Ask Here has a lot of benefits for both the company as well as the employee as an online communication resource where they can ask their inquiries online and it's set up by the client to have each question and each subject is answered by the expertise of that organization are client representative. And so, we just believe this strengthens employee usage and further drives the ROI for the business. And so -- and answer to your question that we aren't charging separately for Ask Here.
Chad Richison: Sure. Well, first of all, appreciate the question, allows me to put a little bit more clarity around the inside sales efforts and strategy that I was mentioning earlier. You are correct. Those inside sales are completely for new business wins, they are not for up-sales to current clients. When I was talking about how we relocated a manager to be able to build inside sales, that's the handled new business leads that's not up-sales to current clients. We have now and continue to have and have had for some time, a group of client relations reps that do upside or up-sales to current clients. And they also help us focus on usage and that groups really done both. As I've said in the past, it's important that clients use the products that we've sold them correctly, before we're selling them additional products. And so, we focused on that. I wouldn't ever say that our companies ever had this opinion that, we're just going to sell them some things now and then come back later and really sell them what they need. We've always been focused in making sure that the clients have what they need, when they need it, but at some level, you have to earn the right through an ROI achievement to sell the additional products. And so -- but I just wanted to state that, we have not ignored inside sales. It's not some grand plan that someday, we're going to come back and start selling everybody, all the products they really need. We do that today and we're focused on usage. In fact, something I said earlier about the DDX, I said in high 80s, is not to a B. At Paycom, our DDX score when I looked at it on Thursday was 99.7%, all right. Well for this month, we've had 164,000 or 165,000 changes so far, 164,000, 700, of those were made by employees. We had about 300 changes made by HR. So we have a 99.7% DDX score. So if we had an 88% DDX score, that wouldn't be the B, just because of the sure amount of changes that HR would have made. I mean if we had that type of score, you're probably looking at closer to 20,000 changes that HR would have made. And so that's why it's important and that's why, brought it out. The DDX -- we're watching our clients get there an aggregate, everyone is excited about it and that's really what's helping us drive results, and also we're seeing -- it makes it easier for people to understand what they're buying. If you look at this industry over time, we are bolting on all these things, even as I explained it to the investors, it can get kind of difficult to understand, okay, what is everything someone is doing, as we're looking at -- you're looking into the DDX, I do think it makes it easier for a client to understand what they're buying and what their ROI is going to be and because of that, you're seeing some buying habits change.
Chad Richison: Yes. So, we did the national ad campaign. Last year, we actually continue to use those assets. Some of those assets, we had to actually repurchase rights to. We've done that, we do continue to use that. We do have strong marketing initiatives both this quarter, as well as through the end of the year and that is all baked into our current guidance. And we are having success with showing an industry, how to use a product in different way.
Chad Richison: Sure. It's somewhat going to depend on the client as far as when you talking about what product drives the greatest usage for them, if you have hourly employees with schedules and their swap, you're going to have a lot of usage in the system. If you have a salaried employees, you're not going to have as much time and attendance you might be in other areas of usage. And so it's really somewhat client-specific, we're going to deliver all to them that meets their needs at the time, obviously. And then how they're using it, is going to really depend on what type of industry they are in, how many employees they have, are they decentralized, are more of their people in one area. And so, usage is different per client, but 100% usage looks like a 100% usage. We might be talking about the difference in a client that made 200,000 changes total in their database for a month versus a client, that only made 80,000, because they have a different employee base, that doesn't require the same level of data input retrieval, that you're going to have with other types of employee basis.
Chad Richison: Well, for seat expansion, you would have it from the beginning. I mean for us, let's say this, they wanted to add additional master users or department users, even after all their employees are users, they can add as many users as they want, we don't -- we charge on a per employee basis, as far as number of users, they can have as many users as they want on the platform.
Chad Richison: Well, for any for any sized organization, we are signing up every employee, because we have to do the payroll, we have to input all the totals. We have to balance so even terminated employees are set up in our system. So anybody that had balances and we work through that with the client. And so, you might have -- you might have terminated employees, that want access to their data and it would be a best practice to keep an HCM technology turned on for terminated employees, so that you do not have to respond on certain issues that they can actually gather that information for themselves. So from an employee side, we're going to set up all.
Chad Richison: I would -- no, we're not changing our sales tactics. It's the same group. What I will say is this, though, as you move up, what's the difference in an employee that works for a 200 employee company and an employee that works for a 10,000 employee company. There is no difference. In the past, the difference was the size of the company and that is still important, because size of company and how they're -- how they're set up is going to give you some type of view of complexity and what have you, but the employee users are the same. An employee at a 300 employee company is going to be meeting and using the same type of thing, that employee at a 3,000 employee company. And so as far as when you're making an impact to an employee, those 10,000 employee companies they see their employees, as the same way as a 300 employee company might see them as far as a user, I mean you're going to have department leads and salespeople and everything else. And so that's I think what's more evening out for everyone, which is making it easier for people to understand the value proposition. I mean in our industry often times, people bought off of the brochure and then you're trying to figure out what you have over the next three years of conversion. And so with this, you're seeing it upfront, you know what you're aiming for and we're having -- getting a lot of leads just from ranking file employees that leave one company and go into another company and don't really want to work with multiple systems and really go backwards in the technology.
Chad Richison: All right, well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Next month, we'll be on the road meeting with investors at the following conferences, I'll be presenting at the KeyBanc Technology Leadership Forum on August 13th in Vail; and Craig and James will be hosting investor meetings at both the Oppenheimer and Canaccord Technology and Growth conferences in Boston on August 6th and August 7th. We appreciate your continued interest in Paycom, and look forward, meeting with many of you soon. Thanks, operator. You may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes, in terms of the adjusted EBITDA in the back half. We would expect to see us some leverage in the sales and marketing, but also in the G&A line as well, kind of in the back half.
Craig Boelte: I mean, as we mentioned in the script, new client wins is the majority of the revenue acceleration. We have -- 49 of our 50 offices are out there that are bringing on new clients. And so that's going to represent the majority of that revenue acceleration.
Craig Boelte: I mean, primarily, you saw the revenue beat flow through to the adjusted EBITDA line, very similar. So it was really -- lot of the revenue beat was able to flow through to the bottom line.
