Chad Richison: Well, I mean our bookings and our leads, our new business sales and our new business starts have all remained at record highs. And from where I sit right now I don't see that changing. Now that we've returned to guidance, we're focused on that piece. I do believe that you see these numbers that we've added reflected in our current quarter as well as in our guidance. As a reminder, a deal that might start at the beginning of a quarter, we would receive 100% of the revenue for that new business. And should that deal start at the middle or end of the quarter, we would receive proportionate revenue for that business but we would receive all of the revenue for that in subsequent quarters. So how deals start matter but for us leads have been up, sales have been up and so starts, so very happy with what we're accomplishing right now.
Chad Richison: Well, we're actually going to look to fill the entire gap with new clients added. That's what we've done up to now. I mentioned that we haven't seen any material changes in our pre-COVID – the impact on our pre-COVID client base. And so we did mention how it was $2 million anywhere from $1.95 million to $2 million of loss that we were seeing per week. We mentioned that at the end of August – or sorry at the beginning of August and we did say that we had seen stabilization in that number throughout the second quarter. As we sit here today, we can't call out that that number has changed materially. I mean you may have had a small impact one week or another of less than $100,000 impact on that number to the positive. So to the extent it was $2 million, it might be a little above $1.9 million, depending on what week you measure. But we said in August, that without a catalyst, we wouldn't expect the impact on a pre-COVID client employee count to improve. And while the unemployment has improved since that date, it's still double what it was pre-COVID. It hasn't materialized for our clients, who reduced staff. And it makes sense. I mean, there's nothing that's really happened since August that would cause a hotel to all of a sudden, start hiring their people back or restaurants, or entertainment business or health clubs. So the fact is, those businesses are more surviving. I wouldn't necessarily call them thriving at this point. And we're waiting on either an end to the pandemic, or some type of a stimulus before I think we'd see some meaningful change to that. So as we look into the future, we believe we've established a new base. Hopefully, we get some tailwind out of it. But right now, I'd call it, more of a crosswind as it stabilized, and we're jumping through that, and we can get to where we need to get by adding on new clients, which I will say, we've been doing – adding on new business at record pace through the pandemic. So I don't see a situation in which that stops for us as our value proposition has only gotten stronger.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, well, what I can tell you – and I haven't called out exactly units. Units would be based on how many smaller deals we got versus larger deals. I'm more talking about the revenue generated. Whether it's a larger or smaller deal, the aggregate amount of revenue that we are both selling as well as converting, continues to remain strong and has been at record levels as we've continued on. Now, it's gotten better, right? In the beginning, we were trying to get back to pre-pandemic, which I'd mentioned in our first quarter. I believe, I gave that announcement either at the very end of April or 1st of May that we had gotten back to pre-pandemic sales levels, after we had backed off for a little bit and kind of curled up into a ball and was kind of waiting to see what happened. We got back to pre-pandemic levels. Last quarter, I talked about how that's even accelerated. I mentioned that, we've had our best month, as I reported in August talking about July, and then what I've talked about. This quarter is just the continuation of that in that we continue to get stronger and stronger in both the book sales as well as the started sales.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Well, we've calculated the impact on our revenue right now. It's – nobody has to guess, how many fingers we're holding up. We're telling you how many fingers we're holding up. So we've already calculated the amount of the impact that that has on us. And so – and we also believe that – well, we know, it's been stable. And so as we turn into next year, obviously, we have a first quarter comp that doesn't have much COVID impact on it. But as we move into those subsequent quarters throughout the year, and we're lapping COVID with a new established base and added clients during this time, I feel very comfortable about our ability to get back to very strong growth numbers with strong adjusted EBITDA numbers as well.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Well, I mean, we're operating our business to succeed whether there's a stimulus or a fast end to the pandemic regardless. And so we're focused on those things we can control. And there being a stimulus, or there being a stimulus that actually works to drive business growth we'll have to kind of take a wait-and-see approach on that. But I do think that a stimulus can bridge the gap between those businesses that may be going out of business. It could be the difference in them going out of business or their survival. As we look at the amount of revenue that we've lost per week, which again has been stable, there is an amount of business there that we've been able to identify that has gone out of business. It's a smaller number, but there is a percentage of the hit that we are taking on these headwinds that we would not expect to come back, just because it's related to business closures. And that's a much smaller amount. I mean, I would say that represents probably less than 10%. It's probably in the single digits of that amount of -- that we've lost every week. I would say, 90% or more of it is still in business, processing with a lower employee count.
Chad Richison: Yes. So right now we have four inside sales teams. They are fully staffed at 32 employees. Obviously, they each have managers. They focus on the businesses that have below 50 employees. We've continued to generate interest downmarket. Thankfully we had inside sales before we made the shift, because I would say our outside sales, they're not using the exact same model to sell that inside sales is using, but they do use a lot of the same technology and methods to which to connect. And so, we've continued to grow our inside sales. Obviously, when you add a number of inside salespeople much larger than what you had the previous year, you would expect to have success downmarket. And so, we do continue to have success downmarket as well with our inside sales group. 
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, I think that our advertising is helping with that. I wouldn't say that people wake up in the morning excited about shifting over -- changing over their human capital management products. It's probably about as many people that wake up excited about going to the dentist. However, if you have enough pain, you are excited about going to the dentist or making those changes. And as we've moved to COVID, I think that the pain points have become more apparent in using outdated systems where employees have multiple systems that they need to use. So actually they oftentimes go without. The shift to employee usage, I mean, that's the thing moving forward. We're not going backwards as a society. And you're going to just see more and more businesses figure out that they can leverage their own employees' desires for their own benefit and receive a very strong return on the investment that they're paying with Paycom. So we're going to continue to drive that and receive those benefits. And again the pandemic has only exposed the problems with using dispirit outdated systems. And so, we're focused on that and we're having quite a bit of success. And that's going to continue through selling season, which for Paycom is all year round.
Chad Richison: Sure. So as far as the bookings, they're all similar. There's just more of them. It's the usual suspects. I did call out that we do continue to be pulled up above our targeted range -- or our stated range, I should say. And that's been happening. I mean, that's been happening since we went public. We continue to be talking about being pulled up above our range. And so, that's continued to happen during this environment as well. And so, we have both that as well as, as I mentioned earlier, we have built out our inside sales group much larger than what we had this same time last year. So you would also expect that we would be having some success below 50, as well as that was somewhat traditionally -- I don't necessarily want to say ignored, but it was not a focus for us. And now we have a group and several teams that are making that a focus down market.
Chad Richison: Yes. We're not going to call out exactly the specifics on that improvement. We've always had better close rates as you measure them over time. Your one-month close rate on selling a deal is going to be different than your three-month close rate. Again, if you give a deal a little bit longer, you might have a higher close rate. But I would say the one thing that I would point to that I believe that's really helping us with our close rate is the fact that we are catching a more interested and knowledgeable prospect. We're hitting the airwaves hard with our advertising. We've been doing quite a bit on digital, as well as we've had significant word-of-mouth from employees that go from one company to another and then bring us in. And so we are -- when someone's calling us now -- which again is different. Oftentimes most of the business, we've brought on we've called. And I'm not stating that still isn't a large part of our business. But one thing that has gone up as a percentage has been the number of call-ins or interested parties that are requesting those demos. And they're just more educated on what our value proposition is going into it, and I think that that's leading to a higher level of close rate for us right now.
Chad Richison: Yes. We continue to upsell to current clients. It's never been anything that we've ignored. We've always done that aggressively, and that remains the case today no change in percentage from upsells to current clients versus new client or new business revenue that we're onboarding to our platform so no changes in percentage there. We're not selling more -- we're not upselling more to our current clients now as a percentage of new revenue added than what we've done in the past.
Chad Richison: No, not really. I mean we did have a transition period right of deals that we had sold January, February and March that had a certain expectation of what conversion would look like. And then we changed what all that looked like. I mean you're expecting someone to come out to your office. You're expecting different training on site. I mean there was a lot of things that we had to change. But as we sit here today, that's all filtered itself out. Any pushes that we had through into the second quarter we started to all see that come back. And as we sit here today, our no start rate for business sold is not unlike it was last year. So it's -- they're very similar. So, I think as we moved throughout the quarters, you did have some pushes, you had a few delayed starts just because we had to really go back and -- I'm not going to say resell because we never really lost the deal, but we did have to acclimate them to a different process mindset of implementation. And we've done that and those deals have been onboarded. So, as we sit here today and as we look forward, there's nothing to call out on any type of either elongated time to go live or accelerated time to go live. 
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean you always want more salespeople. We're continuing to add salespeople. I think one thing we've been able to do in the beginning again we had to shift over to the new model. We've done a good job of that. We did pull back on hiring at that time. We've since put the gas back into hiring and we started doing that early this summer where we started getting back to that. Our sales reps are having a lot more success right now. Our -- we're having significant productivity gains amongst our same sales organization that we've had. Our office opening strategy is still intact. We still do plan to open up offices as it makes sense. Also right now every city is open. So, we're able to really sell from anywhere right now. So, I see us returning back to the same model we had in the past at the appropriate time. We still may receive some efficiencies through selling. Look if the client is going to continue to buy online, maybe they do, maybe they don't. I don't know yet. Then we're going to continue to sell that way even though we may be back in our offices selling from those desks instead of selling from our home desks. So we'll kind of see what happens. But so far with the exception of the negative impact that the pandemic has had on our current client pre-pandemic revenue as well as interest rates, with the exception of that, every impact that we've had as we've gone through this has really been positive and we're very happy about what our future looks like right now. And really that--
Chad Richison: That really is driven by the value proposition. I mean that's what's driving everything. We have the right value proposition for business and they can make that shift very easily right now. And start they can receive a product that works for them and pays them back versus a product they have to work and that's costing them money. And so that's really what's driving it.
Chad Richison: And just to kind of dovetail off of that. We haven't been expanding our adjusted EBITDA percentages by pulling levers. We've been doing it by selling profitable business that all follows the same margin profile and so the more business we sell over time, we are receiving that benefit of the increase of adjusted EBITDA. And so when we look into next year, saving money on travel and entertainment and those types of sales, I mean we're not going to spend poorly on it. But that's not really our objective. It's -- saving that. Our objective is to continue to accelerate revenue, continue to onboard clients and capture more than the 5% of the market that we have today. And that's what's going to drive our margins as well as our revenue growth into the future.
Chad Richison: Yes. We're industry-agnostic. And so we've said that. I guess you could somewhat calculate the exposure rate and that we've told you guys exactly what the weekly impact to our revenue has been from that -- those same clients having employee attrition layoff furloughs or what you have. But I would say, it's a little bit different everywhere. Some states have restaurants doing better than others. Some states are doing better at restaurants because the weather is conducive for their business. And potentially, if the weather does not hold up, we could see a different situation. But what we've seen up to now is people were being responsible early on with preparing for the pandemic at least our clients. I think I mentioned early on -- I mean when we were reporting second quarter -- or first quarter that we do think many of our clients took their hits early because we started to see some of that in mid-March as they started to make those moves. So I'm hopeful that people start to add back and I think that they will at some point. We're just not waiting on for that -- we're not just not waiting on that to happen or being dependent upon that for our future growth initiatives.
Chad Richison: Yes. I don't know. When you look at stimulus, I would say even stimulus in the last package had a much larger impact on small business than what it did midsize and large business at least from my standpoint of kind of what we saw who took what if you will. And so I just think all that just depends on what type of stimulus they're putting out there. If they do a stimulus that's tied to quality jobs of people producing quality jobs of certain amounts of pay and you give your stimulus based on that or even a stimulus that has some reimbursements based off of the company adding quality jobs, it's probably going to be a pretty nice tailwind for us. If the stimulus comes and sending checks directly to individuals that are at their house, we could have a tighter labor market. So we're just going to have to see from that. But again I'm going to separate us from the impacts of employment. The changes in employment that have impacted Paycom we've seen those stabilize now for I mean four or five months. And so as we head throughout this quarter and definitely as we head into next year we're expecting that to be stable and then we're expecting to be able to hit our growth objectives through adding new clients to our platform which has really -- we've been doing a good job right now. And I think as we lapped COVID with COVID we're going to be in good shape.
Chad Richison: Yes. I want to get away from calling out bookings each time. I have been calling out bookings because we weren't giving you much of anything else and I thought that "Well listen I at least want to tell people that even though we're not guiding, bookings are going well." Now that we've returned to guidance, I don't want to keep talking about bookings. But I have said this on this call that we've been having record bookings as we've gone through each of these quarters in COVID. Last quarter, wouldn't have been any different and our expectations for this quarter for bookings that we're entering in wouldn't be any different than that.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I don't have a good feel for that. I mean, I look at a client that onboards with us with 500 employees as 500 employees. Will they grow to 1,000? Maybe. Could they be $200 million next year based on other factors that may not even be COVID-related? Maybe. And so as we go and we add clients we don't try to get that myopic and what the future could bring because that's not controllable by us. And so what is controllable is the number of new clients we add onto our platform. That's completely controllable by us. We only have 5% of the market. What's controllable by us is continuing to expand our value proposition, and therefore, the return on investments for clients. And then also what's controllable for us is the world-class service that we provide in an effort to keep all of our clients that we're currently servicing choosing Paycom. And so that's what we're focused on getting more. Hopefully we're selling some clients that are in industries that are growing, but that's not how we're going to market right now.
Chad Richison: Sure. Well we've seen significant usage patterns be deployed around learning management. We recently upgraded and released our enhanced background checks product into the market, which has actually allowed us to eliminate some partnerships that we had on the back end and we've seen that impact go out there. But again Manager on-the-Go I would say -- well DDX last year and then Manager on-the-Go being so significant this year has allowed managers to really improve the data flow and the timeliness of it. It's been no surprise for anyone that we are trying to automate this industry because it needs to be automated. It's complex. It's high risk low reward. If you get it right who cares. You're supposed to get people their benefits. You're supposed to onboard them. You're supposed to get them their checks correctly. So nobody really cares if you get it right. And if you get it wrong there are significant penalties. And so the more you can automate these products, the bigger win for the business. And so that's what we've been focused on throughout this. And each product has a plan, and as we work out those plans we continue to enhance each one of the usage patterns for each of those products. And so we've been doing that through the pandemic across the board on all of our products whether it's performance, whether it's onboarding, whether it's learning management, background checks. You've mentioned a couple of products that we've added. And so we'll continue to do that. And we also look forward into the many product initiatives that we'll be rolling out here into the future. 
Chad Richison: Well I mean we're serving clients that triple our stated range. If you're talking about that from the top end we have a direct focus on clients that we prospect. And the primary reason for that is we do believe that the way they make a decision fits with the way that we sell. Our salespeople at Paycom sell every week and so we definitely choose those prospects. We continue to be pulled up-market as business is realized. It doesn't have to be as difficult, as they've made it in many cases. And so there's usually more decision-makers, the further up market you go, but you're also typically dealing with more product, but less functionality that they've deployed. Oftentimes, you run into somebody that has a 15,000- 30,000-employee company. They deploy technology. They've spent $2 million on it and it can do three things. It's not really a strategy. So I do see us over time continuing to be pulled up market, because I do think we're a better fit for businesses that just don't want to work that much on just software. It was a necessity 15 years ago. I might even say, it was a necessity seven years ago. It's just not necessary right now. So I see us continuing to have success up market as well.
Chad Richison: Yeah. We account for every dollar in marketing. So, I mean, if we're spending an advertising dollar we need to get that back. So – and thus far that's what's been happening.
Chad Richison: Yeah. So, I mean, I've never thought that our competitors have been asleep at the wheel. It's been a very competitive industry for a long time. I think that you've seen us – well, we have for sure delivered a different value proposition in the beginning. It was – I don't know anybody that beat us to the Internet, and I don't know anybody that beat ADP to second. Then you look at the single database solution that we had built out. That was different than what our competitors were doing, which is primarily a sell best-in-breed, buy best-in-breed and integrate. And now we've shifted to an employee strategy, in which you have to be online, and you really have to have a single database. Employees don't want to use multiple systems. And so we continue to differentiate our product by the ROI that's delivered to the client. If you want to receive the ROI on a software investment similar to Paycom, I mean, you're going to have to use Paycom. We're not going to beat our competitors at being them and they're not going to beat us at being us. And so we're going to continue to widen the competitive moat as it revolves around usage and we're going to continue to automate even more and more as we move on.
Chad Richison: Well, so DDX, what DDX does it actually measures the savings each time an employee makes a change in the system versus if HR makes the change for them. The thought is, is that any change that an HR department makes – HR payroll, benefit department hiring department, any change they make for that employee and/or applicant in their system is duplicative. They did not read that applicant's mind. They did not read that employee's mind. And so that employee and/or applicant could have made that change themselves, if they had had easy-to-use technology, because that employee is making all changes themselves everywhere else in their daily lives. Why not leverage that at work for the business? And so what the DDX does is it adds that up. And if a client – it wouldn't be uncommon for many of our midsize clients to make 100,000 changes in a month. And if 2,000 of those changes are made by the HR department instead of the employees that's a company that has a 98 DDX, 98% DDX rating, but they made 2,000 changes. HR made 2,000 changes in the database. So I mean, it's going to cost them $90,000 in hard/soft cost savings that they left on the table because they did the work themselves. And so that's a calculation that was put together by Ernst & Young. I believe, when it first came out it was $4.39. It was updated earlier this year for $4.51. And as we move into next year, I'm sure it will be updated at some point again.
Chad Richison: Yes for sure. We'll continue to lean into it. I mean we're having success. There have been times throughout the quarter that we realized that we can spend more but we're not necessarily going to get more. I mean, sometimes you can spend double and it only goes up 5% on – in different advertising. As you go through this we've become smart on this. And really how we've done that is by measuring every dollar that we're spending. Obviously, we had more powder in the keg this quarter. And if we had thought emptying that out would have brought us more leads then we would have 100% of done that. I'm not interested in training, a percent of adjusted EBITDA for a percent of growth. I just – we're just not going to train 8% of adjusted EBITDA for a percent of nothing. So we've been focused on it. Leads still remain at record levels, sales remain at record levels and new client sales are remaining at record levels right now. So having a lot of success and looking forward to next year and fourth quarter.
Chad Richison: All right. I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and to all the Paycom employees for their continued commitment and execution. Over the next couple of months, we'll be at several virtual conferences this quarter including Stifel, RBC, Needham, Credit Suisse, as well as Barclays. We look forward to speaking with many of you again soon and appreciate your continued interest in Paycom. Thanks, operator. You may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Sure. So the EBITDA margin is down like you said about four points. I mean, that's primarily from the float revenue that we were receiving, which is a high-margin piece of our business as well as the fact that our current clients are paying less employees. I mean, that's also a piece that impacts that margin. So the things we've been extremely proud of is just our gross margin stayed fairly consistent even through this. And we're seeing efficiencies throughout the organization both in our servicing organization and our onboarding as well as just the sales organization. So as we move into 2021, we talked about hoping to improve. And obviously, the margin is one area we're going to continue to focus on. But the other thing is, we're super focused on revenue growth. So we're going to spend to -- in terms of sales and marketing for that revenue growth as well.
Craig Boelte: Yes. As a reminder the new booking -- the setup revenue that we charge clients, we capitalize that and recognize that over a 10-year period. So the amounts that we're charging for that setup goes into the deferred bucket. So you're not going to see significant changes in that on the revenue line. As a reminder, there's other items in that line as well. We have certain hardware sales as it relates to time and attendance and some other items as well.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I would say on the travel and entertainment obviously that's at a much lower level than it had been in the past where we would bring entire sales organization in to train. I mean a lot is going to depend on what it looks like next year. I mean once -- if we get back to normal and -- we'll see those numbers start to go up some. So, I think that's what I would say. I mean on the leases we're still evaluating that. But at this point we're continuing kind of as normal until we see what it looks like in 2021.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. So we had a very strong operating cash flow for the quarter as well as free cash flow. Obviously some of that's timing on some of those accruals. We did have a little benefit from a tax rate for some items that were specific to the quarter. But overall, we felt like it was a good quarter in terms of operating cash and on free cash flow. Our CapEx was fairly similar to where it was last quarter. So I'm excited about both of those.
Craig Boelte: I would say on the sales and marketing, some of that was more timing. Slightly lower third quarter and then fourth quarter, we called out what our fourth quarter spend is. But we're going to make sure that what we spend in marketing – that it's efficient and that we're getting the return that we expect with that as well.
