Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical fact including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable actual results could differ materially because of statements based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our quarterly report on form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. You should refer to consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it was made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also note during the course of today's call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today which is available on our website at Investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: You know we haven't broken that out specifically, as far as that goes. That's a good question, but we haven't broken that out. Definitely Q1, well it depends on growth throughout the year of our ACA-related monthly item. So it's hard to exactly say that. But as we sit here today, when you take into account that Q1 does have ACA forms filings. I would think it would be a quarter that would rival out quarters, if not be better than out quarters in regards to ACA revenue.
Craig Boelte: I would say no. That's been business as usual for us. There were no changes in what we did this year with tax form filings, any other than - now, obviously the more new clients we added on last year, we're going to produce more form W-2s and W-3s, as well as your 1099s. And so you would have an uptick to the extent that your client base grew, or client growth grew, and employee count, as ours did throughout the year. But it wouldn't be it wouldn't have different characteristics than what it's had in the past.
Craig Boelte: No. As we look at the out quarters for the adjusted EBITDA guidance, it would primarily be in the R& D, as well as sales and marketing.
Craig Boelte: There other accelerators throughout the sales year, which for us starts in February and ends in January.
Craig Boelte: No. Typically on the client funds held, that first-quarter is a strong quarter, primarily because you have [few that ensued] those bills that first quarter, and people will hit those limits. But as you look at the last year, every quarter tends to increase. After that first quarter, it will drop off a little after the first quarter and then build back up. And this was our strongest quarter we had over $1 billion in [Franklin sales].
Craig Boelte: Well, I mean, we had definitely strong onboarding for new business, as you look at it. Some of it even onboarded in December which we discussed which means you are getting billing for all those at the beginning of the quarter throughout the quarter, instead of those that may have come in through the middle of the quarter, and you get less of the billing for that specific quarter. So that had an impact. Obviously there was some impact for ACA forms filing, and really it's the project that combined gave us a strong first quarter.
Craig Boelte: So we've given our client retention metric each year. Last year once again it was 91%, which it has been the same every year for the last three or four years. So we think that remains good. Obviously we always want to increase retention and those are strategies that we definitely work on. As far as ACA, I couldn't be happier with the group. It's not just writing code and deploying it you also have to understand what it's going to do, and be willing to make the changes throughout the year as things change. And this is the very first year, not only how was calculated and everything else, but it is the first year it's ever been filed. And there were a lot of changes happening throughout the year. So I'm very happy with what we have been able to put out there and we will still continue to update items within the ACA module as clients look to become more strategic and how they comply with ACA.
Craig Boelte: To the extent it's regional it's not really about the region, it's about the leader for the office. To the extent that one office is doing better than another office, I would typically point to the leader in that scenario. Usually they have developed reps. They have more executive reps who have been in their territory longer. And those cities that we've had for a while. And sometimes you will have a city that's mature, but we plucked people out of it. We have plucked executive reps out of it in order to backfill other opportunities. In some cases you can have an office that's mature, that we pulled a manager out to open another city. So you have some of those factors that come into play. But we have always to date been able to increase the amount that any one office or sales manager can sell, or is responsible for selling through their people. And we have also been able to increase the amount that any one executive rep can sell. And these numbers are getting large for us, and we are excited about that, and we don't know where that ends as far as a cap. But we are looking forward to continue to grow as we have in the past.
Craig Boelte: We represent such a small percentage of the overall TAM. We're out there. Time in the territory dictate success in most cases. And we've had a lot of time in a lot of these territories.
Craig Boelte: We haven't given a bookings number from that standpoint. Again I would point you to our guidance and how we work through the first quarter and the strength we had in that. I would also point to previous comments I have made about sales teams, how they mature, how they continue to mature more, as well as having more executive sales reps. And then, what it takes to become an executive sales rep, and how much success you had to have to get to that level. New reps that, and they don't become executive sales reps right away. They have to sell a certain amount. It normally takes 12 to 14 months. And we're seeing some acceleration in that number, as far as the length of time it takes someone to become an executive sales rep. That is one metric that does seem to be increasing in a good way for us, as far as shortening the length of time to majority for an executive sales rep.
Craig Boelte: As far as new office openings, we aren't seeing any material shortening of that to maturity, because they have to ramp up. They are not going to go in and hire 7 to 9 sales reps right away. You are going to start off with a couple, and you will have a couple more, and a couple more. And, again, you are building a pipeline and a reputation within a new market, typically, for us. Whether it's a new territory in an existing city or not, you are building that. So over time you build that. And so, I can't say we have seen cities where office openings mature at a rate faster than what they have done in the past, which is 24 months.
Craig Boelte: The seasonal difference is the ACA forms filing, to the extent it is seasonal. Not all of the uptick we had in the first quarter I would call seasonal. We had client adds as well that impact that, especially as they come in at the beginning of a quarter. So I would say those contributed also. From a seasonality perspective, we're going to have the same type of seasonality on an ongoing basis every first quarter.
Craig Boelte: In terms of the tax rate we had the first quarter, we would expect the full year to be a similar rate in that 35% rate. We factored in the R&D and the 199 deduction, based on an annual basis. So unless something changes, and it can fluctuate from quarter to quarter, but that should be in the range.
Craig Boelte: No. You are really not. I would go back again to the manager. The territories are substantially the same, as in more than we can call on because of the number - the percentage of the overall TAM that we represent. And also the cadence at which we bring reps on in a new office opening has remained the same. So we need to secure success. We need to make sure that city is not only mature, but solid after maturity. And there's a very specific way we go about growing that. That's been maintained regardless of geography that we have opened up.
Craig Boelte: It depends on the quarter. I think typically again we have been selling at the upper end of our range now for a while, as far as reps have had success and clients have had success with the product. So we've sold at the upper end of our range for a while. I wouldn't necessarily say we have gone dramatically over our range. We do have some outliers and I have given you some information on some of those on the call. But we're still staying very consistent with what our target market is.
Craig Boelte: I can answer that question from what I see here right now. It's a no. ACA has very specific filing requirements. The overtime laws are more of a labor piece to it. But they will have fines. And so, it will be important for people to do it correctly. But I'm unaware of a forms filing piece to it. So from that standpoint I would say it's a little bit different. Here is how I think we differentiate ourselves, and it's the same way with ACA. You get ahead of it by educating clients on what it is, whether or not they even want to comply, or how they are going to comply in the case sometimes with ACA, to pay or play. And then from this perspective it's basically a new change where employees that make less than $50,440 and my understanding it's going to go lower to $47,000, but we don't have all the detail on that yet. But you're going to have to pay overtime for salaried employees that make less than that amount, and that's going to impact client’s labor. In some cases they may choose to make someone salary a little bit larger to match that, and another cases they might choose to pay the overtime. Either way it will require that you have both payroll history, as well as time and attendance data, so that someone can go through and work those analytics to make the decision of how it's going to impact their business from a labor piece. And foremost companies labor is their largest expense. So being able to manage that early and make those decisions early versus a quarter later, once it's actually already impacted your labor, is something we want to get ahead of. Nothing has been rolled out specifically at exactly what the numbers is going to be, but we do think it's going to be changed. This isn't a new threshold or a new law. The current threshold is $23,660. It's just a massive change in the threshold, which is going to impact many companies out there. Especially in the mid market.
Chad Richison: Thanks Raimo. This is Chad and I'll go ahead and take the last question first. As far as ACA everything we bill a client for as it relates to ACA is either recurring on a monthly basis, or it is recurring on an annual basis. But all the revenue is recurring. And so we would expect to experience similar forms filings at the same type of view next quarter. As next year for the same quarter in 2017, so those will recur. As it relates to A&RR this was a metric that, really, we almost last quarter were thinking about not providing it due to the volatility that we experience. Last quarter was going to be anywhere from 48% to 97%, depending on the Pull Forward starts, which we indicated was $10 million at the time. That anomaly, due to the earlier starts in the fourth quarter, not only impacted our fourth-quarter comp, which we did talk about. It impacts first quarter of this year, depending on that Pull Forward. And then it impacts fourth quarter of this year as we head into that. And it will also impact 2017. And so, as we looked at that, we looked at A&RR becoming really less useful. Because we were either going to have to explain more and more clients starts and how that changes throughout the year or are we going to have to start breaking out how much of it is one thing versus another. Another piece of our A&RR as we look forward, it is a commission number. So there are those items that we commission on. Over time there might be additional revenue items that we add within our platform, that we don't necessarily commission on. And that would be another area. I will remind as I know you know Raimo, A&RR is also included in the guidance. And as far as modeling I do think were as far as what I would direct people to, and what we see as being important. Sales office openings and those that are both ramping to maturity, as well as, those mature offices. We've been very consistent in how those offices have grown over time and how those offices have become mature. And we look forward to continuing in that strategy.
Chad Richison: We haven't broken out specifically the ACA forms filings. Obviously we have done less ACA form filings than what we do our normal forms filings. So there would be some type of percentage of that. We do believe that most of the clients that are with us that are eligible for ACA or should be required to file ACA are on that platform right now. And so I wouldn't expect we would necessarily see huge growth relative specific to just ACA next year, as being proportionally different than forms filings that we have. But we haven't broken that out separately.
Chad Richison: So one thing I did say previously on the call last quarter, which I wouldn't - from where I sit today, I wouldn't make any changes to this comment - and that as we would expect ACA-related Billings for this year to equal low single digits, as a percent of our overall revenue for 2016, if that helps.
Chad Richison: I do think if you were able to look at our guidance to second quarter that would suggest a level of A&RR. I can answer it this way. We still are selling the same way we have always sold. Our salespeople woke up today and they are selling as much and more than what they have sold in the past. We have more mature sales teams than we've had in the past. Our pipeline is a strong as it's ever been. Our value proposition is very strong. We put a lot into R&D. We expect next quarter R&D's going to be close to 6% of revenue, and as you know on the call we started off as a company IPO of 3%. So we've done a lot to really impact everything. I understand that what some people might see as an elimination of a metric that we felt that over time has become, I think, somewhat less informative. And then with the anomalies we have had come in become more difficult over time to explain and make sure that everything is in the right quarter. Because, again, with A&RR you can have a client start on March 8 and because they are a biweekly client, they go into second-quarter A&RR, and then you can have the same client start on March 8, and because they are a semimonthly client they go into first quarter A&RR. So there's a lot of anomalies that come up with that. And we feel like we've got a strong future here and we want to focus on what's important. And we believe that is sales office openings. We believe that's sales teams that continue to mature much further past what we had anticipated in the past - and we're looking forward to continuing that strategy.
Chad Richison: I am saying, even if we do not include the $10 million Paul Forward A&RR grew, as reflected in our second-quarter guidance.
Chad Richison: Now with a $10 million pull forward, it would have been another record piece. But again we're trying to move away from that metric
Chad Richison: No. I obviously couldn't update an average to be accurate without going through all of the data of those clients that we have recently onboarded. But it would be extremely uncommon, and as a matter of fact, I don't know of the situation where we didn't at least replace three or more. Now weather that is another product that someone actually bought, or potentially in the midmarket you can have clients that have deployed an access database with other information in it that they use. Maybe they have hooked Crystal reporting, or another type of Cognos, or reporting tool within their database, as well. So, when you were talking about replacing multiple systems, there's a lot there we could look at.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, we definitely - let me answer it this way. We've gotten a lot better at onboarding clients to increase usage from the beginning. We find that often a client buys for the full value proposition and that might not have, even though they might have everything, they might not have used everything in the beginning. And I think it's important that clients get what they pay for, and they are using everything. And obviously a usage increase retention, as well as it just makes it easier for everyone else to use the product; specifically their employees. And so that's the way we look at it, and we have experienced a greater client usage, and greater competence, client competence in the product recently, and as we move forward. But that's a strategy, a very specific strategy for us that we've undertaken, as something that's being very important.
Chad Richison: Obviously, we do not guide bookings. We are not guiding to A&RR. But my comments are more geared toward this. We now have 42 cities open. We had five more mature in first quarter this year, because we had five that we had opened in 2014. Those are mature. We have more executive sales reps that we've ever had in the past. Our sales teams are selling more than they've ever sold in the past. Our reps are selling more than they've ever sold in the past. In the past, we had a couple reps do a million, and then we had three or four do a million, and now we just got back several doing a million and several did over $1.5 million. We are just seeing them sell more and more and more. And so when I'm talking about our pipeline remains strong I'm looking at each sales team. I'm seeing we have a number of sales teams. And also the growing success within each sales team continues. So, yes, our pipeline for new clients remains very strong.
Chad Richison: So this year was the most offices we've ever opened to date at six. Obviously there's a lot of the year left, and as we continue throughout the year we will make the decision on what we may or may not open, based on both opportunity, as well as backfill. It's important any time we do deploy a new sales team strategy that we have great success and we've had that in the past and we look forward to continuing that. Is a general overall and what we've been consistent with is not talking about those cities that we are going to open, or how many. But it is true this was our first year to open up six. What's also true, something you pointed out, is for the last three years we've opened them up in the first quarter. Now in years past that hasn't always been the case, and we're going to look at the opportunity as we move throughout the year and make those decisions we think will best impact us for both this year, as well as into the future. Because as everyone knows by now, those of you who have followed us closely, it takes an office 24 months to mature. And the office openings that we have this year are going to have a substantial impact for us as they mature into 2018. As we have had five more mature from 2014 into this quarter.
Chad Richison: No. Just as we are ramping offices and they continue to sell at high levels. On those out quarters, as we mentioned on previous calls, those sales reps hit certain gates, so the commission expense goes up throughout the year.
Chad Richison: We continue to look for and gain efficiencies in every line item. So that's a strategy of ours and that continued into the first quarter.
Chad Richison: That is correct and there's about a third, around 30%, that we capitalized. But that is correct on those.
Chad Richison: It depends on the projects we are working on. We capitalized certain projects. But it's been historically between 30% and 33%.
Chad Richison: Yes our client satisfaction - I can't speak for every client. There our clients out there. But from my perspective I'm very proud of the group that we had. I'm unfamiliar with issues related specifically to ACA, and I am happy with the way we performed this year.
Chad Richison: I would like to thank everybody for joining us on the call. We appreciate your time and interest in Paycom. We will be presenting at the Jefferies Technology Conference in Miami on May 11, and also on the JPMorgan TNT conference in Boston on May 24. We hope to potentially see all you either there or on the road in the coming months, and thanks to everybody or being on the call. Have a good evening.
John DiFucci: Thank you and I'm sorry. I'm going to ask follow up to both of Raimo's questions. Can you tell us what the impact of the ACA related tax form filing was this year, so we can look at the year-over-year impact it had for this year relative to next year, so we can size that? And then I have a follow-up.
John DiFucci: Okay. Because we could estimate what that is and we have. But you can't just give us - because I'm thinking the year-over-year growth was significant. I do want anybody, I don't anticipate modeling this going forward in the year because it's a big impact in this quarter…
John DiFucci: Okay can you tell us if A&RR grew this quarter? We know there's a Pull Forward last quarter of $10 million into the fourth quarter from the first quarter. So I anticipate you didn't get the kind of growth you had seen anywhere near that -
