Craig Boelte: Thank you, and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts, including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of market today which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. We also issued a presentation addressing the new accounting standard, ASC 606, which can be assessed on our Investor Relations website. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: The two that I mentioned on the prepared remarks were R&D, as well as some in the sales and marketing. Our gross margins we finished the year pretty high for the full year and I guided for 2018 in that 82% to 84%. That's really dependent on our hiring trends and making - certain times of the year we may be a little behind on the hiring and certain times a little ahead. So that's kind of where the puts and takes are. We'll continue to look for efficiencies in the model though. G&A is one area where we're going to definitely look as well.
Craig Boelte: I mean, I would assume that it would be fairly similar to what you saw in 2016 and 2017. Some of the bigger items that impact the cash or the CapEx and so other than that, I would expect it to be very similar.
Craig Boelte: On the ASC 606, as it relates to cash, yeah, it will have no impact on our cash position relative to 606. In terms of the tax rate, I called out the gap range of 22 to 24. We are full tax payers and have been for several years, so we would see some benefit from the lower taxes.
Craig Boelte: Well, I mean, I have a certain view of advertising versus marketing and specifically as it relates to strategic selling. I think advertising allows for specific branding. We don't really put ads out there and expect our phones to start ringing. But advertising does provide branding. It was a national campaign that we embarked on, I want to say, middle part of last year that we ran primarily on the news and some sporting events as a brand awareness-type campaign. We haven't really talked about how much more of that or if we will continue that. But I think as we continue to grow, our branding is important. But it would be one piece of our strategic selling of model.
Craig Boelte: We had a long-term model under ASC 605. We’re still looking at our long-term model under ASC 606. We’re going to continue to be a high-growth company, but also look to achieve some efficiencies along the way. So, as we get throughout the year, we may decide at some point to update that long-term model.
Craig Boelte: I'll take the last one first. I mean, we really don't plan on changing the way we pay commissions and in the past, we've, after the client is ran for 30 days, we estimate the annual revenue the client will pay the sales rep commission based on that. And so ASC 606 will have no impact on the way we pay the commissions, only the way we recognize those expenses. In terms of CapEx, we don't guide the CapEx but you could probably look back historically at how we've spent on the CapEx line and you know as we've mentioned the fourth billing is coming online, sometime mid-year. And as we get close to that, we typically have a little bit of an elevated level of CapEx on some of those expenses.
Craig Boelte: We really haven't given any guidance past that. We might see a slight drop off once that billings is completed.
Chad Richison: And you're right. Last year, we did open up three. We staggered the amount last year. Matter of fact, I don't even know that we opened one as early as we did this year. And it's somewhat odd that we would open one early. I know that we've announced some before that we had opened early, and I don't see us going back to the type of program where we try to open four or five in the same 10-day period. We did a lot of work in our sales organization last year both preparing backfill and increasing the maturing numbers in our mature offices, and so we believe that set us up well to continue our staggered strategy throughout the year, and we will be announcing additional office openings as we move forward.
Chad Richison: That's really always been our gating factor. It is talent development on the back end. It's ready to both backfill, as well as having managers being ready to relocate. And I think we did a good job last year of changing our strategy in how we develop and enter a new market that way. It was successful, and I would see us continuing that strategy throughout this year.
Chad Richison: No. And as we mentioned, for 2018, we would expect that to continue to increase as a percent of revenue. Well, we did see a little higher capitalization in fourth quarter than what we had originally thought.
Chad Richison: I mean, we will not be - since we adopted the full retrospective, we will not be showing any ASC 605 numbers as we move into the first quarter. So, it's something that we really don't want to get into, showing a what-if under ASC 605 because there will be no area where we'll actually be reporting that.
Chad Richison: And so, our sales productivity remains strong. The initiatives that we've put into the group last year continue to produce for us. And so I'm very happy with that. We're starting off the year strong with our starts and what have you. So, we're focused on that. What was the second part of the question? No.
Chad Richison: Yes, client retention. And so, Mark, our client retention has been 91%, that’s a trailing revenue, I believe and measured like our competitors, and it's been 91% for the last six years. There are certain clients that we can't control loss on due to bought-sold, merged and/or cash flow. And there’s a certain number that we can control, and we've been focused on that. I do think it's important to point out we've maintained a 91% retention rate, and we have not taken the 4% to 5% routine price increase which is somewhat standard for our industry. And so we continue to be focused on the client and produce pricing that allows the client and Paycom to experience the efficiencies that we drive through the ROI. And so we're focused on that. And we are hoping to continue to make improvements amongst our client base in both service and product to make an impact on that rate, but we have held the line at 91% for the last six years.
Chad Richison: We think the investment is going to be fairly similar between the two. I mean, one quarter might be slightly higher than the other but overall fairly similar in terms of the increase.
Chad Richison: And so in 2017, I believe in 2016, actually, I'd put out toward the end the $260 million sales capacity number that we had and that we had that currently. Obviously, that number has grown some but I have not updated it. And we'll update that as we get closer to it. But we have had efficiency gains throughout the organization, so I should say productivity gains in the sales organization which we pretty much do every year as something that we focus on. Those gains have set us up well as we head into this year. We haven't ever really guided to office openings other than to say, we're going to continue the strategy. But we are set up better this year to open up offices than what we were even last year.
Chad Richison: So last year, at this time, I think we had opened zero through the year and so from that standpoint. But the office openings make an impact later on in their life cycle. I wouldn't say it's one of the other. I wouldn't say office openings drive our growth. It's a piece of our growth strategies opening up offices. And obviously when you're maturing mature offices, you don't really get to talk about those offices unless they're open. And so, it's important for us to continue to drive our office open strategy, as well as gain productivity throughout the year with those mature offices.
Chad Richison: Well, I do think any time you have a good business environment that's good for our clients and that can't help but on the margins be somewhat favorable to us as well. We're definitely an ROI-driven type company where we go in and have collaborative meetings with the client to drive that. I mean, ROI-driven results really can work regardless of current market environments and we've seen that before. We've been a company that - it's our 20th year in business. So, we've lived through plenty. But I do think that any time you have a very positive index out there, it can't help but to provide again on the margin some level of a positive environment.
Chad Richison: And so we haven't raised prices. We do produce additional software functionality that is for sale. But at that point, we're actually delivering additional value to the client for that. In answer to your question, I believe that we are fairly priced when we go in and we have meetings with the client. And we don't give prices where there's not in ROI that has been developed in conjunction within those client - in conjunction with the client in those meetings. And so we're very focused on that ROI and making sure our client base receives the ROI that was discussed in the sales call and then it's delivered through the transition process. And so we're focused on that. And you know, over time, it should get easier to handle the same client as they become acclimated to the software as well. And so we're definitely not the least expensive out there. But I believe when you include our ROI, we’re still the low cost provider.
Chad Richison: I would expect, yes, the split to remain about the same. We’ve always, even through the year where we - and I guess I’m going to be the first one to say this, but even through the year where we had our ACA sales, our sales were always the overwhelming majority of all of our revenues delivered from new client wins primarily because the dollar revenue value for a new client win is so much larger than what any one product is that you can sell into your current client base. As well as with Paycom, our salespeople are incentivized to make sure that the client is using and receives the number of products they require at the time of the initial purchase. And so I wouldn't expect in 2018 to be any different than what it was in 2019 as far as the breakdown on that.
Chad Richison: Well, we announced that LMS course in November, those LMS courses in November. They followed upon the LMS product that we actually developed probably two or three years prior, at least three years prior. And so we do expect that those courses would be able to produce greater adoption rates of that LMS module. We’re still in the early stages of that. But I would expect that that would continue to aid in our value proposition as we're out there in the market.
Chad Richison: I would say that we do continue to achieve our goals in regards to that, our wins versus our add backs. That's not something that we talk about for competitive reasons. And we have some sales teams that are stronger than the others. I will say this. We still represent 2% to 3% of the overall TAM available to us and it's a growing TAM. And so, we're still very focused on those new business wins.
Chad Richison: Well, so the greatest upside I think to any years’ performance is new client wins, a number of new client wins that you’re bringing on. That’s really important. Our approach to our guidance this year didn’t change from last year or the year before or really from quarter-to-quarter. I mean we focused on what we can see based on both our pipeline as well as those deals that have already hit the backlog and we'll be converting within an eight-week period on most of them. And so we're very focused on that. And then as we move throughout the year, we will update both the numbers and the guidance based on what we can see at that time.
Chad Richison: You know I do not have those numbers specifically as far as that. We would have more information on that after the February commissions because someone either hits executive rep toward the end typically in December and January as those are often times can be strong starts for us. And so I don't have those numbers to update at this time.
Chad Richison: I mean our balances have increased, but our investment strategy has not changed. A lot of that most of that money spends very little time in our account. We are very conservative in the way that we invest that. Obviously as interest rates go up, we're going to receive some gain for that with the same investment strategy. But we haven't guided to what that is within our revenue and it would represent a very small portion of revenue and or gain for us.
Chad Richison: I'll try to answer the way I understand it. I think it really depends on where you draw that line between where, we'll call it, enterprise starts and mid-market stops or what have you. And we used to talk about client wins each quarter as we rolled them out, and it was obvious that we were gaining client wins above our target market. And I had even said in the past that those are typically a pool opportunity and that we're being pulled into those organizations and so I don't disagree with you that the large business market or enterprise market is realizing the benefits of having a relationship and one software package that could actually handle their needs and I think they're coming to that realization. In the mid-market, I will say that's pretty much been the case. I mean, I've said this before, I'm not 100% sure always, depending on the clients' unique situation that we're always 100% exactly right for a client, but they sure want us to be. Clients sure do want to use one system for everything. And we've had a lot of success with our value proposition which we stayed true to. And so, we'll continue to do that. If it gets easier, to move up market because we do have so much opportunity for us right now on the mid-market, we do have a good product fit for larger businesses as well. We just have a little bit lower tolerance for year-long type sales process and conversion.
Chad Richison: We have nine maturing throughout this year and we have five that will come into maturity in the year. Is that right? Six that will come into maturity in the year.
Chad Richison: And it is important to note that what we call maturity is your initial staffing in the market and beginning of mature quota. In fact those offices continue to mature in our offices that have been opened five, six years will typically outsell even an office that's been opened a couple two or three to one.
Chad Richison: I mean, as we were going through the 606 recast numbers, you really look at the cost to obtain and fulfill and the ones that are in the G&A are more of the fulfilled costs.
Chad Richison: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And I also want to congratulate Minkah Fitzpatrick, the defensive back from the University of Alabama for winning the Paycom Jim Thorpe Award this year. Like Minkah, we're all excited for what 2018 has in store for us. Thank you and we'll be talking to you guys next quarter.
