Chad Richison: Yes, I'll start off. I mean our go-to-market remains very strong. We continue to have very strong book sales, and we've been selling Beti across the board. New clients that come in have about 50% of their employees doing their own payroll within the first 2 months of using Beti. And so that continues to be successful. From 2015 to 2018, we had a retention rate of anywhere from 91% to 92%, was 91% for 3 of those years and 92% for 1 of those years. For the last 4 years, from 2019 through 2022, we've had a retention rate of 93% for 3 of the years and 94% of one of those years. There's often rounding at play as you look through that. But what I will also say is with clients who have Beti, we have a much, much higher retention rate across our base. And I would expect retention to continue to rise as a larger percent of our current client base deploys Beti.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, we hired what we look to hire last year. I believe our growth was around 18% in hiring. We definitely have a more efficient client. I've been talking about for quite some time, who we kind of have the haves and the have-nots when you look across our client base with those clients that have already deployed Beti and are getting strong usage out of it. We're just -- we're having to do less for them. I mean we're having to fix less things. We're having to do less adjustments, and so they're just much more efficient. And so we don't need as many people when people are using Beti. That said, we had a very healthy growth in our employment last year. And so I believe we had success with that.
Chad Richison: We always guide to what we can see. I mean, first, I'll answer those office questions. We did open up 5 offices over the course of about 3 months. One of those, I believe, was in December of 2021. The others were in the first quarter of 2022. All of those continue to progress. They wouldn't be at full staffing yet, but they would achieve that throughout this year as well as with the full backline pipeline. And then next year, in the year of 2024, they would all be on the same quota as our mature offices are. As far as what we anticipate to do this year from office openings, as we all know, that you followed us for a while, office openings that we would anticipate to expand into this year would have very little impact on this year but would have more of an impact on both 2024 as well as 2025.
Chad Richison: Well, we've definitely continued to creep up as we have done even since IPO as we've continued to increase our target market. In fact, last year, revenue was up 60% with clients that had 2,000 employees or more. So we are definitely seeing a demand continuing to be pulled higher, especially as businesses are looking to deploy Beti so that their employees can actually do their own favorable.
Chad Richison: Yes. We're -- ours is going to primarily come from new logo ads when you just look at the size of revenue that we need to grow by in order to continue to hit our objectives. And so first price is going to be new logo adds. We don't really have a lot to call out on pace per control growth from that perspective. But new logo ads is going to be primary for us. We've always had a healthy upsell to current clients. It's just been at a much smaller level than what new logo ads are. And it's been consistent, our upsells to current clients as a percentage has been consistent each year with the exception of the year we had ACA.
Chad Richison: Yes. I feel like they are more normal. I think it's important to understand that the -- our year-end services as far as what we provide to a client. That hasn't changed a lot in the last 15 years as far as you added 10 99s at one point, but you have W2s, W3s 10 99. Meanwhile, the growth of our other revenue as we've added all these other products has been somewhat substantial. And so it's just the percentage or amount that our year-end services has on the overall client base is much lower now than what it was in the past just because it's not growing at the same rate. I would say, yes. I mean I would say, yes, from a normalization. I think you saw normal hiring and business patterns more so last year than what you had in year's past -- in a couple of years past. So from a normalization of year in forms filing, yes, I would say that we were there.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean marketing, we started in 2020. That was also the year that we added 4 inside sales teams. And then in 2021, we added another 6 inside sales teams. I believe one of those years, our unit count went up about 17% with 72% growth. Marketing drove that as we do our marketing and spend money on advertising we have clients of all size call us. And so marketing is directly responsible for any business that's coming in below 50 employees. And you have some direct responsibility for it above 50 employees, but it provides more support at that level as our go-to-market's different, above 50 employees than what we experience below. Growth first prize, as Craig has talked about. And as we look at guidance into this year, we expect to spend healthy marketing. But also, we expect for it to work, which would return itself with highly profitable revenue, which we did see throughout 2022, which produced a healthy adjusted EBITDA margins.
Chad Richison: Yes, I would say the comp had a little bit to do with it. Prior to 2020, we had 5 sales reps that sold inside sales. In 2020, we added 40. And then in 2022, we added roughly another 50, 60. So we started selling small business, emerging business in a much stronger way as the advertising was working. So -- and I don't want to say that our unit count was inflated prior, but it was different because we did add a lot of small business units and it contributed to a 17% growth in units. I think we've had -- and again, it did that in the year where we did 25% revenue growth. So I think as we look last year, you could deduct that we had a lot of success selling in midrange and above midrange in clients. And I would say our small business adds were somewhat more normalized because we didn't really add any small business teams last year like we had in 2020 and 2021.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, we continue to guide in the $2 million range. So we have quite a bit of visibility as we go quarter-to-quarter. I will say that in -- we started our guide last year for 2022, we started it at 25%, and we were comping over a year where we had done 25% growth. This year, we're starting our guide at 24% comping over a year where we had done 30% growth. And so we haven't changed our approach to guidance. We guide what we can see and achievement matters throughout the year. And so that's what we're focused on as we move throughout the year. And so I'm trying to answer your conservatism. I mean, we guide to what we can see each time, and we look to unload the musket throughout the quarter.
Chad Richison: Well, we're definitely -- from a smaller client perspective, and of course, they contribute smaller revenue amounts. But from a smaller client perspective, I do think that you're sending more -- you're seeing more of a trend -- like maybe what you saw more pre-pandemic, I mean there's less prop up for them in the market. For most new businesses, I believe, about 75% of them fell within the first 3 years. So all that's at play when you're working with smaller business. As I just mentioned, we started adding -- really started adding those small business units in 2020 and then continue throughout 2021 and even added more obviously in 2022. And so that definitely plays into it. I would also say that it's a revenue retention number. So you have a dividing number that you start with. I've been talking for quite some time about the efficiencies that clients are using Beti and what they're gaining. In fact, we're just -- we're not having the same hiccups with them that we would often charge them for at a lower margin and then have to fix. And now those are really being prevented with Beti. So you've got a couple of things at play. And then also, you've got some rounding at play, but all that's to say is 93% from what I've seen still up there an industry-leading number. And I do expect, again, with clients that have Beti, I mean we're running at a 99% type retention rate with them. So it's a little bit different there. And as we continue to convert our current client base over to Beti, we expect to have some gains in that. I will mention that we always have some uncontrolled losses, your bot sold merge type businesses. So getting to 100% isn't achievable. But I believe that we continue to have an opportunity to bump up retention, and that's going to come through usage -- appropriate usage of our product.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, we are solving problems for the client and processes that I believe can be automated and hadn't been until really Beti came into play, which somewhat forces appropriate usage within our software for employees so that they can get paid correctly. I do believe that there's more automation that we can be doing. But you've got to start with, you've got to have the client and the employees using the product correctly, which I will say that about 50% of our client base, that is the case. And last year was our first full year of selling Beti and bringing it to the market. And so we're having a lot of success for that. I believe AI for the sake of AI isn't really valuable to the client. But I believe that if you can do something consistently and you can use something like AI to do that, I think that's a good thing. So I don't expect we would see it as a wide platform within our industry this year type thing with that, but I think you'll have more and more businesses looking for that machine learning and other types of automation that could be used to automate problems experienced by our clients right now.
Chad Richison: Not any different than what we've experienced in the past. I mean, again, I'm removing the COVID year out of that, but not any different than what we've experienced in the past. In any given year, you have some clients grow, you have some clients not. You have some clients buy business. You have some clients sell business. And so I believe that's always somewhat worked itself out. Maybe we win some. Maybe we lose some. But really, the growth for us is driven by new logo adds. I mean, Holly has booked sales numbers that drive our revenue growth, and that's how we're going to hit our targets. I think that we expect stability within our current client base as we look to guide, we do have an assumption of stability. We don't really make assumptions of growth and/or downsizing within those -- within our current part -- across a 30,000-plus client base seems -- it tends to have averaged out over the last 25 years that I've done this with the exception of the 2020 -- some in 2021 time period.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, that would tell you that the client size is growing as well there. We -- I've been continuing to call out that we're having success continuing to be pulled further and further up market. A couple of years or about 6 years ago, we went from 2,000 to 5,000. A couple of years ago, I mentioned that we're going up to 10,000. I talked about how we're continuing to go up even further. And so that's going to get you a larger employee count with potential for less of a unit count. But I would also say, I don't want to overlook the fact that we've had a lot of success on the small business unit. And when you're looking at unit count growth, they're all created equal. I mean everything is -- whether you're a 1 employee unit or whether you're a 10,000-employee unit, you're created equal on that report from a unit count percentage. But it's just been a trend to larger clients with the exception of the 2 years where we decided we're going to add our small business, emerging business units, our groups, of which now we have 10 teams and that really hasn't grown. The teams haven't grown. Of course, we continue to add small business units.
Chad Richison: I mean we continue to have strong product demonstration leads, but that's oftentimes a function of our marketing and advertising, and we pay for those leads. I can say for us, it's been business as usual. We've been back in the field since September last year, meaning actually back on site on every single call, where before we were doing more of a hybrid some were virtual, some were in person. So I would say, if anything, we're having less calls with the client to get to close. I can't necessarily say that's speeding up the process, but I think we're having better conversations as we go through the process. So really nothing to call out there. Other than today, when a client calls Paycom and looks to have a product demonstration, it's about Beti. And I would say, in times past, it could be about whatever thorn had in their paw that we'd be looking to pull out. So it's a little different today in the type of lead we are generating.
Chad Richison: Well, Beti definitely drives PEPM, because you definitely have to have a certain product set for us -- from us purchased and being used -- so I would say that the clients that we are selling in 2022 have a better, stronger product mix than those clients we would have been selling in 2018 in or 2019. We still do have an opportunity with current clients. We do have to really work at their pace to get them over to Beti and really to get them to achieve the value that it can deliver, and we continue to look at that. And there's still opportunities obviously, within our current client base to deliver more PEPM as well as on new business sales.
Chad Richison: We're around 50%. It's about where we were when we reported in November, as clients go through year-end, there's different objectives for both them and us as we're onboarding clients. Beti does require a conversion of process on the side of the client as it is going to change how their employees utilize the system. There's a detailed conversion type plan that we go through with every current client as they choose how and when to deploy. But we're continuing to meet out there with our clients. I would also say that your larger clients are deploying it a lot quicker. Current clients are deploying it a lot quicker than what your smaller clients -- current clients might be deploying it as a point that I would mention once more all businesses of any size, whether they're small or large since July of 2021 have been sold and converted into Beti. So we're really talking about our current client base that we had prior to that.
Chad Richison: Yes, I'd say it's a little bit of both. And one thing I've been saying for quite some time now, our industry shifted. It shifted to leverage employee usage to help the client. When employees use the product correctly, the client has less exposure and liability around this process, which paying employees, providing them benefits and everything else. I mean that carries some exposure, even how you have an employee applies for a job. And so I believe that all these -- the self-service technology has really been helping the client. The reason I say that is this, when it comes to an employee, Jan Smith, whether Jan Smith works at a 30 employee or whether Jan Smith works for a 10,000 employee in regards to how they work with HCM and payroll products it's substantially the same as far as the needs that Jan has. So what I would say is we've stayed very focused on the employee and an employees and employee regardless of which company they work for. Are there some things that a larger company we just know we're going to run into that's going to be different than what we would run into in a company that might have 150 employees? Absolutely, there's some changes in that. And I would say that's where more strategy comes into play as well as making tactical moves to make sure that we're able to provide the back-end experience that they're looking for. But I will say the more that we're doing at the employee level, the less you're having to do on the back end because a lot of the things you're doing on the back end is to make sure you're not having issues with the employee data and/or if you do, you're having to fix it. And so you get a lot of points for prevention these days. And large companies, they don't want to do a lot of extra work either.
Chad Richison: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and I want to send a special thank you to our employees for contributing to our continued success. The 2022 is a great year for Paycom, and we're set up for another great year in 2023. We'll be hosting meetings in New York at the Wolfe March Madness Software Conference in February. We'll also be participating in the KeyBanc Emerging Tech Conference and the Morgan Stanley TMT Conference in San Francisco in March. We look forward to catching up with many of you soon. And operator, you may disconnect. Thank you.
Craig Boelte: Yes, Raimo on the plan for 2023, we've given our guidance on our adjusted EBITDA. And it's still a very strong guide on that as we're looking at 41%. So we -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're going to continue to spend on the marketing side, the R&D side and then in the service side as well. And really, the marketing is the one area where we can pull leverage. We don't have any long-term commitments out there. So that is an area where we could pull levers if we needed to.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So Mark, on the balance, if you look at it this quarter, it grew about -- it's grown at different rates throughout 2022. So it's typically going to grow at a rate lower than what our expected revenue growth rate is going to be. Part of that is as we continue to move upmarket, that those funds are held for a less period of time. We have to make those payments much quicker. So that move up market, we'd keep that from growing at the same rate as our growth rate. In terms of the yield, we haven't really given the exact yield but what we do say is that as the rates move up for every 25 basis points, we would expect to get about $5 million. But it layers in over time. And as we're continuing to look for longer-term investments on our portfolio, some of those are at a little lower rate. And we've actually started to layer in some of those. You can see that from some of our earlier filings. So we're not going to get -- and also the banks are a little slower to give you those 25 basis points. So it takes a couple of quarters to get those layered in. So it would be something lower than the Fed funds rate.
Craig Boelte: Yes. So I don't think -- we didn't buy back any this quarter. For the full year, we bought back about $100 million worth. And I think we have a $1.1 billion left on our buyback.
Craig Boelte: Yes. Primarily, we've continued to invest in sales and marketing, and that's what we said on the prepared remarks. We're going to continue to invest there and assuming it's going to continue to work. So that's really the area where we're going to continue to invest. Also in the R&D, I mean, we have a lot of projects in the works, and we'll continue to hire aggressively in the R&D side as well.
Craig Boelte: Yes. I would say it's both R&D and sales and marketing. And as we're looking for our plans for 2023. We didn't really talk about the adjusted EBITDA, but we've been doing a pretty narrow range for the last several years. Yes, gross margin for the last several years.
Craig Boelte: I mean there are really 3 or 4 buckets that really helped drive that EBITDA beat. One, your marketing spend was a little higher fourth quarter, and some of that is just when we are doing those marketing things that we had planned. A little higher capitalization rate on the development, and that's focused on new initiatives. Beti clients generate higher-quality revenue. So we saw a little bit of that. And then in the quarter, we had a net insurance proceeds of about $4.8 million for expenses that were incurred both current and prior year quarters. So that's really what drove the adjusted EBITDA beat.
