Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statement speak only as of the date on which it was made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today’s call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today, which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: So, I'll take your last question first. I am sure there are still some prospects and clients they're dealing with the effects of the hurricane. And so, there would some of that now that a meaningful impact on us. As I say here today, I would not think so. And then, but when you're talking about, so that's for prospecting efforts as we sit here today. Now when you're talking about the week or week and half leading up to some of these and the time during and then getting people back into our office, and we evacuate an office, we evacuate the office, it’s not just people. There’s data, there’s paper, there’s file. I mean there’s a lot to that. And then, you got to get everybody back in those locations and hurricane is something that you do rather quickly. And so, the other answer to your question is the specific analysis of that, I think for myself I feel like those deals are good and they are going to start and we are seeing them start and many of them have. So I do see this is more of an impact from a certain point. Obviously, if you had a prospecting impact that can last a little bit longer for you into the subsequent amount a bit, I mean I believe that we're -- we’ve weathered this well. I don’t feel like this is going to have any impact on 2018 at all, and I think as the time goes on throughout this quarter, it’s going to have a less and less of an impact and…
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean we increased our adjusted EBITDA long-term model to the 30% to 33%, I think middle of last year and we’re already starting to hit that moving forward. I think the one thing that will have some impact on that moving forward is going to be 606. We are still evaluating 606. And we don’t foresee a big impact on the revenue side, but we do foresee an impact on the adjusted EBITDA side on there. So, we’re really focused on being a high growth company. So not including 606 that’s -- the adjusted EBITDA is not something we’re necessarily super focused on. We are focused on the growth and we are going to spend accordingly and hope to have some margin expansion along the way.
Craig Boelte: No, I would agree with that. I mean, on the marketing side, there are certain events that we've attained one year and maybe not the next. So when -- we’re probably not going to see in terms of like HR tech and those type of things. Those aren’t going to increase to same level as our revenue rate. So you would know from quarter to quarter see some ups and downs in those.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean the best way to increase growth for us is productivity. And then obviously in order to best leverage of productivity gains that you have within the sales force. You definitely want to continue to open up offices because that comes your future productivity model, so I would see us focusing on both of those.
Chad Richison: It depends on the office. We had some offices that were inaccessible for a longer period of time. Other offices won't necessarily as inaccessible. We just had to get people back into the areas where there wasn't a lot of gasoline and different things. And so -- and then even had other places where potentially -- not potentially, but you actually had prospective clients that where in other areas where they weren't specifically in the path of the hurricane, but they had assets in those areas. The people we sell to and the people we work with on conversion are the same people that work on asset protection when you talk about employees and what have you. And so, there was some minor disruption I would say. This is nothing that from a Paycom perspective. I believe it’s just a period in time that it’s impacted us. And again specifically as it relates to certain prospecting efforts and some conversions as well, but if we didn't -- I can't say that we had deals that were set to start and they're not going to start. Many of them are coming in already. So it's just a situational depending upon the client in their own situation of impact in those areas.
Chad Richison: So, this is Chad. We definitely did have some deals that pushed in out of that quarter that were ready to start and they pushed out of that quarter. You have the Houston piece and then the Florida. So, I mean there's some of that there, and there's also if you think back, last year we opened up six offices and we not only that we opened them all up in the beginning of the year, and we talked about how it takes 14 months for reps to become executive reps and productive, and it takes 24 months for an office to become mature. So last year, we had six offices with twice or more because again as you're heading into the third quarter, you would have had additional reps hired in those offices. So, we were carrying more reps last year that weren't selling as much because they're newer. This year, we opened up three offices and we didn't open them up at the 1st of the year, we actually opened them up later. And so, they actually have less non-productive reps. You have a little bit of that and then you have a little bit of some of the hurricane. And the other thing is our sales and marketing just doesn't include sales commissions and sales salaries. You also have marketing in there and we gained some efficiencies also in that area.
Chad Richison: Well, like I said I mean, there is definitely -- if you start deals in -- if deals are scheduled to start in September and/or scheduled to start even in mid August or even in the beginning of August and you push those past first quarter. That’s going to impact first quarter because you could have potentially received a 100% of the revenue billing in fourth quarter. And you received -- and you might only receive two-thirds of the expectation there. But that’s baked in -- those thoughts of ours are baked in to our Q4 guidance right now.
Chad Richison: Yes, leverage on the sales marketing side. I mean our advertising campaign was at the very -- I don't even know, much of that it was even in started. We have to look at that. But it was we launched toward the very end of third quarter. And I think if you look at us at quarter-to-quarter, it really just kind of depends on how many nonproductive -- it kind of ebbs and flows. And it depends on how many nonproductive reps we’re carrying. It depends on whether or not a newer rep sold a deal when which they get half the commission of an executive rep, there’s many factors that can go into any quarter. And that’s just on the commission salary side for sales people. You know we also had -- we promoted more regional managers last than we did this year. I mean there’s other factors that factor into that and then also you have the marketing expense, people made mention that we wanted HR tech this year, if you get HR tech, that’s pretty expensive. I mean it costs us I think $80,000 just to ship our -- the ship and set up our -- much less everything else. And so we’ve gained expenses in the sales and marketing in other areas. Is that going to continue? I mean, there’s going to be months where, it’s not specifically that way depending upon when deal start and work with somebody’s commission rates are on that. Craig, I don’t know if you add anything on that.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean I don’t really think it's fair for me to comment on that situation. I do think that there’s a lot of information out there. I think a lot of the information that was pulled was information that was already out there and well known. And so, we don’t really have a dog in that hunt. So, I'll let ADP enactment comment on that.
Chad Richison: Well, I think it’s what surprises me. And I know that it surprised me, but it was very confirming and that is that people are still using businesses. They’re still using HCM in all the way. I mean there’s new technology available. There’s new devices available, a perfect example of that is our mileage tracker. I mentioned that it’s in our app. You push start, it tracks. It’ll even tell you the best way to get to a location. It tracks the specific drive you take. And again that’s recorded right back into the system. And it becomes part of the expense management or if your rep who are some in the travels and he don’t receive direct reimbursement for the Company, but it’s something that you track for tax purposes. It does that as well. And so that’s something that wouldn’t have been available in the past and today it is. And that’s something that employees have access to, and we expect that to drive adoption and usage of our -- not just employees self-service that specifically that expense management module. And the same goes for LMS training. And so, I think that remain is what I notice most about it, it’s confirming there still a huge opportunity to shift the way business is used HCM products and specifically their employees.
Chad Richison: Well, this first group, the first step piece of content is included within our LMS module. And so if there is client using LMS today, they just receive 10 courses of value in their content which we do believe is going to increase usage and drive additional adoption of that. Training is not something new. People have been training people since the stone tablets. And so training is not anything that’s new. But again that’s another area where maybe people in the enterprise level have started training people this way. And now it’s making, its way to the mid-market. And so, there is also a piece we have to train people on how to train and go through that process. And so, we created the distribution module of LMS that allows us to update LMS courses. And then, it’s not just the courses that they’re taking, it’s also we measure retention of the information that the training that they enter. So for us, I do believe that something that can be learning management is a very important thing for any organization. We are a very large user of our own system and I think were thousands of courses in our own system that we used internally here at Paycom to manage our own business. And so I see that’s been a future catalyst for LMS for sure. And potential revenue driver, it will be in the future a revenue driver as we release more courses.
Chad Richison: That’s hard, it’s all about the value just because we come up with something it doesn’t necessarily mean that it drives value for the client. For us, it’s about the value and the ROI that we’re driving for the client to be extent at least paying as a dollar. They need have an ROI of $2 plus. And so, and that’s really the way we approach pricing of the products that we put out. We do have monthly releases. Here at Paycom, we're always updating the system. And 99% of that, we’re not charging for. It's enhancements to our current system and sometimes we do. And that’s just hard to forecast from here when we’re talking to company years out.
Chad Richison: Well, for instance the 10 content courses we created, we created a library launching and 100% of every one of our LMS clients today now has those 10 courses in their LMS platform. And so that’s already there today. Yes, it will allow us to go back in the clients and talk about how they use those courses and gain value. We have to have a focus group as we went during created these products. And we are very deliberate with this as we moved Stacy into our, that role of our Chief Learning Officer earlier this year to really go through that. And we just think that that’s going to impact not just client training but also how they learn on our system and increase use of time as well.
Chad Richison: In terms of stock-based comp, what we saw in this quarter was we have certain market shares out there. And two of those hit the triggers on those and so we had some of that as well as in the second quarter. All of those have hit their triggers now and so moving forward to be some more those issued next year. We don’t really guide on stock comp we did give some information that we expect fourth quarter to be in that $7 million range.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean in the perfect world, there is not as much trade off on that. You can somewhat capture both and that’s I think we have proven that as we continued to grow. As far as 2018 there is so much that we are doing right now, and we are going to know so much more as we turn the corner on that. So as with the years in the past we will update that with our fourth quarter announcement.
Chad Richison: Well, I think we have 36 mature offices, we have 45, we have nine still in the maturing phase. We have 36 matured offices, this impacted four of those. It's hard to -- business doesn’t all come in -- I guess it doesn’t all flow, you can have a good month and the next month, it's not as well I'm talking about for anyone office that’s maximize one month and then the next month they are doing more prospecting what have you. And so that’s really hard to say, but these all our successful office of course they have been matured offices and a couple of have been finished consistently up in the top, one on specifically is always at the top in that area. So like I said before I think it's hard to quantify specifically all the areas of either missed opportunity or deals that might still be in conversion as well, but we had a plan for all of them, we feel really good about what's going on. Many of them are already converted and so it's just hard to quantify specifically and so. Go ahead sorry.
Chad Richison: I was just going to say, it's not nothing. I mean there is an impact there. And again we're dealing with our own employee base too. We had our own employees that experienced loss during this as well and so there's kind of a time for everything and right now we've called the time to get back out there and be prospecting and get those businesses set up and I'm really happy with the people of how they handle this and I mean I feel really good and like I said before any disruption we would have expected happened to us in Q4, is provided within that guidance that we've given and we do not expect this to have any impact on our 2018.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean I think if you look at the overall beat, it came in a couple early. I think we probably talked about the sales and marketing. And R&D one of the things I pointed out was we capitalized at a little higher rate this quarter than what we had been seeing. That probably drove 80 basis points in the R&D from where it would have been, had we capitalized at a more normal rate. And we expect that to come back to more normal rates for our fourth quarter. In our G&A, we saw some efficiency there as well as in the gross margin and I think on the gross margin we were probably it was more of a headcount. We didn't have -- we didn't hire quite as many people as what we had expected for the quarter, but we're continuing to staff up and looking good going into fourth quarter on that.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean what we're happy about the output that's coming out of R&D and to the extent we need to spend more as a percent of revenue to get the specific output we’re looking for. We’re going to do that. I think I’ve said it before. We’re at where we’re at as a percent of R&D. We’ve continued to spend. We continue to increase that. I don’t see us rivaling our competitors in that area of R&D spent. But I believe that we are doing a great job on the output side and that has to do with our process and the way we work.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean definitely that’s and I don’t want to talk about any one client that might still be out there suffering that we can’t necessarily do a lot about based on their situation it might be waiting longer. But yes, I mean I wouldn’t expect this to have much longer of a run than that. That’s not the same, if we wouldn’t have a few outliers with that that but I feel really good. We do -- we measure pushes every week. So I know when you deal pushes. And during this time I mean we had weeks of $900,000 in annualized pushes which is just unheard about our company. And so then the question is okay, when are those coming back? Well, some of them are already coming back. And we didn’t lose them again. There were other focuses -- other points of focus for them as it relates their own assets in those areas. And so we did have pushes and -- but again I just want to stress this that any disruption we felt like there would be and fourth quarter is already baked into our guidance and we do not feel like this would any impact for 2018.
Chad Richison: That was just a one week. Yes, that’s an annualized number. So that’s an annualized number, that’s 900,000 annualized.
Chad Richison: No. I mean, I think you’re kind of thinking about that right, but you know we’re recognizing that over the lack of a client, which is 10 years. You know as we’ve grown throughout the years you know those top of expenses and it’s not just commissioned, it’s also some salaries related to that. Those are continued to grow. So the amortization on that, you know on some of those earlier years is pretty small. So -- but, yes, we should see a benefit under 606 in that. You are right.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean it’s important for us to be opening up offices throughout 2018. I think that we took a more staggered approach this year to develop those sales people who are ready to be in management. They know who they are and we’ve been working with that group, many of them, you know, better part of seven or eight months and so. As we trying to corner on the beginning of the year, we’ll assessing that and making those decisions. But I mean in 2018, we’ll be opening up offices.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean I would like to sit here and say that our -- that it’s very scientific, but I’ll just be flat out straight as if we have the people ready to do it. We’re doing it. And we did find that there were some areas we could get better that development of people who are ready and identifying the right people. And that’s something that we very much improved on and have become stronger at. And so, this is a people development. The market is right. There’s plenty of opportunity out there for us. We are gaining the productivity gains. If I was waiting for that, it’s something that I would say okay, well, let’s do more. And so this is really about people being ready to be able to backfill relocating managers.
Chad Richison: I mean when it comes to any specific territory that we’ve identified for opening, I am somewhat agnostic on which one. To some extent that depends on the relocating manager. I think I’d said it before. We would necessarily take an Oklahoma City manager and relocate into Manhattan. You want to make sure you have a culture fit with the people that you are putting in an area and on our Manhattan people are doing quite well. And so, you have to look at that as well across the board.
Chad Richison: I mean it’s been somewhat businesses usual for us. I mean I can’t say it’s harder to get business for sure. But it’s been business as user for us. I think, I’ve said it before. We’re very focused on our own value proposition and what we do and we’re really stayed in our own lane on that. So yes, I can’t speak to any. And I’d say that, I don’t know if any new entrants that have made an impact. For us, it’s been the usual suspects.
Chad Richison: Well, that’s definitely -- I mean we haven’t done that in the past and we wouldn’t do that on this call.
Chad Richison: Yes, first, I would say that the ads are pretty new. And so I wouldn’t say that had impact on our -- well, they wouldn’t be having an impact on our numbers right now. But driving brand awareness also maybe those deals we pitch two years ago that didn’t go. You definitely want to be in one of them. And then also, if you watch our ads, we’re not necessarily just advertising the prospects we have the client base as well. In there's base case usage for how someone uses our product. I’ll make this last point. I didn’t know the iPhone, did merge costs until I saw commercial on it. And I use it for a couple of years. So I think it’s important for people to use our products the correct way as well.
Chad Richison: Well, we sell a single system and so, we don’t breakdown adoption for anyone modular. But like I said everyone in the mid market does training. There is not a client that doesn’t do training and learning. They just might be doing it using a different type of model which could even be manually in many cases. We are not bringing the tool. We are not just bringing the content we are also bringing the process through which someone can set up training specific to their business and then they already have the tool to be able to or get it out to all the employees and then be able to actually assess comprehension of the information that was presented and trained on. And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the question-and-answer-session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Chad Richison for any closing remarks.
Chad Richison: I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your time and interest. We look forward to meeting with investors of the Credit Suisse TMT Conference on November 28, in Scottsdale; also the Wells Fargo Tech Summit in Park City on December 5; and the Barclays Global TMT Conference in San Francisco on December 6. I thank you and operator you may disconnect.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then just a follow-up. You obviously have you know a ton of different feelers out there in terms of the real economy, it seems like economic activity is picking up. How would you characterize in areas that are completely unaffected just kind of the level of you know buyer enthusiasm, the pipeline etc how would you characterize that.
Mark Marcon: I would say it's been business as usual I can't point to anything that's changed there I mean it’s been good, but we're a business that you know in a down market we look to drive efficiencies for our client and therefore we're a good fit for them and you know that doesn’t really change when things are going well and so for us we have to be strong regardless of what's happening and again we still represent such a small portion of our overall opportunity there's still plenty out there.
Mark Marcon: They're progressing according to plan, and as a reminder that takes 24 months for a new office to become mature and so -- but they are progressing.
