Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because of statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today's call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today which is available on our Web site at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: Well just kind of sticking with what we've done in the past, I definitely don't like to telegraph the things that we're working on primarily because we want sales reps out there talking about the products that we have today. We did point out that we did increase R&D this quarter quite a bit, 150% plus over the same prior year period. We've kind of be in low man on R&D spending even though we've had significant output but we want to continue to drive output. We have very lofty initiatives for our R&D Group, as well as outside of just innovation that we also have a lot of compliance that we definitely have to keep up with and we want to stay ahead of that. One specific is FLSA I think that companies that do are very good at working through with the FLSA toolkit are going to save them some money. Someone I think FLSA is easy to comply with is going to overpay their employees and so by managing that ongoing with the toolkit that's important, that's one of the items. And once you put out a product it is important to note, anytime we put out a product that's the beginning and you're going to continue based on user experience and feedback, you're going to continue to update those products and make them even stronger as well as expand. So I guess if I put it in three buckets up for you it would be at the continual ongoing compliance in both labor and tax. You’re going to have innovation of creating new products and then also you're going to have solidifying and going even deeper into the product sets that we have today and the R&D expense is all used towards that.
Craig Boelte: Typically on client funds, at the end of a quarter depending on what day that quarter ends, it could be that we’re holding a significant amount or at the end of the quarter is on a date that we’re not holding quite as much because typically those funds have to be remitted as early as a couple of days and as late as a couple of months. So you can have some seasonality just looking at the balance sheet. One thing we didn’t put in the prepared remarks, but we had around $660 million average daily balance on those funds sales. So we’re still holding a significant amount of client funds and we obviously look forward today where maybe we’re getting a little bit more on the interest side on those.
Craig Boelte: I might also ducktail off of that that one thing that we are also seeing with the new rep influx that we brought in with opening out the new offices. The new reps are selling the new rep sell and when they receive a commission, it is half the amount of an executive rep. Additionally, we did increase the amount that a new rep has to sell to become an executive rep and so we do have reps that stay at the lower commission longer. I think all of that might contribute somewhat to the number you’re talking about.
Craig Boelte: Sure. We had some performance RSUs that vested this year and as I mentioned under the new rules on the tax side we were able to gain some benefit to add on that on our GAAP earnings per share. It had no impact no impact on non-GAAP earnings per share. So that’s really what happened. Moving forward our stock-based comp, I think for fourth quarter, we’re estimating it around 3.5 assuming, but we still have some performance RSUs out there. So that’s kind of the level it’s expected to go to.
Craig Boelte: Sure. Our gross margin for the quarter was slightly lower than last year like 1% but typically when we mentioned this on previous calls, we have to hire ahead of the revenues. So we have some people on the bench, ready to take on that revenue so, we see the margins getting too high it may be that our staffing levels on of the level that we need them to be but we really in the past we’ve said, some at 82% to 84% and that's really what were looking out for the full year and I really were this quarter ended.
Chad Richison: Yes John, this is Chad. Third quarter of last year was actually the very first quarter that we started began bailing for ACA. We did call out a number in the third quarter of last year of how much that represented - not necessarily new business that we brought on due to ACA as far as bringing the client on in its entirety. But as far as current clients that had adopted ACA, as well as new onboarded clients that had the ACA module. I forget the exact number but I want to say it was around $800,000 maybe for third quarter, that's well down, fourth quarter obviously was a lot stronger and we did apply a percentage to that which I would have to check with to give you that exact number.
Chad Richison: I mean we’ve had - we obviously last year we had some – what I’m going to say are positive surprises. I mean anytime you're bringing a half to half product which I believe ACA was our enhanced version. Anytime you bring a half to half product to market especially to a current client base, there is not a long backlog on that, I mean you're able to sell the clients and set them up and began bailing within two or three days versus the pipeline and backlog you get from selling new business. So we didn't have a lot of insight into exactly how much of that business we would be onboarding and what exactly the uptake would be and how immediate it would make an impact. And so the first thing I would say about that revenue over achievement about maybe what have been our guide last year, so we've some positive surprises that began bailing immediately. The second I would say is so much of our new business onboarding it does depend on when a client starts within the quarter something that we've explained before the client starts at the beginning of the quarter, we’re going to receive 100% of total revenue opportunity for that client and if that client starts in the last month or last two weeks of a month in which obviously we've received a proportionately smaller portion.
Chad Richison: I saw this quarter as a great quarter obviously we're tracking new business sales week-to-week here and I really didn't see anything that would cause me to want to go in and look to see exactly when a deal started when, I’m just more explaining that from the standpoint of guidance over achievement. We had a lot of positive surprises, I mean 98% of our revenues recurring so we do have pretty get insight into subsequent quarters. Often times the outperformance especially some of that that we achieved last year in the fourth quarters where we had just began to initially build for ACA. Those were positive surprises and they were positive to the extent that not only they were sold but they began bailing immediately.
Chad Richison: It's not something that we measured. I mean we kind of shot that and buried it. But it is something that we definitely - we track book sales every week, we've sales organization of weekly quote, as weekly achievement and we've continued to drive that.
Chad Richison: Every year we do continue to see different legislation - legislative changes. It often times people focus on at the federal level and we do have a lot of those at the federal level but it is well as once people start rolling or once the Fed starts rolling new minimum out, you'll often times see states adopt different rates than what that Fed adopt. So I wouldn't be surprised if certain states increase the FLSA salary limit, as we've seen certain states increase the minimum wage, the federal minimum wage as parts for their state. So I think we'll see some of that. A year has never gone by that we haven't seen an incredible amount of legislation which would include not only the payroll tax calculation but also our labor law pieces which are included in your comment there.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean definitely - the mature offices were definitely in line, I mean the new offices as we’ve talked in the past, they do continue to ramp. We've been a very consistent in how we announce new office openings and how we actually open them and we’re still very confident. We can get to 120 sales teams as we discussed across the U.S. The earliest we've ever opened up an office is February, and the latest is October. And right now our new business sales performance capacity with the current offices we’ve opened is greater than $260 million. So by new business performance capacity what I mean is the amount of new business of our - that our total sales teams could sell today if they were achieving top performance level. Now this doesn’t include any sales to current clients as far as up sells to current clients and it also excludes inside sales of small deals. I'm only talking about our outside sales force, which does represent the overwhelming majority of all of our sales. Now how we calculate the sales performance capacity. And how we calculated the $260 million is by reconciling our top performing office with the average sales performance of our top reps they went to President’s Club and then we multiply that by the number of territories that a team has. And so to that end we believe a top performing office can sell roughly $6.5 million in new business at performance capacity. So we’re working very hard on bridging the gap there and that is capturing the unachieved new business sales that exist in the space between actual sales achievement and a new business sales performance capacity. And so I guess the answer to your question is, yes. Our mature offices are doing well. We do believe that they could be doing better because we would like everyone to get to the top level. And we’ve still got new reps and new teams that we’re continuing to build up and improve that skill and we’re going to also increase capacity three ways, one is by product development, the others by sales skills and then of course opening new offices.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean just as we’ve done in the past, I mean when we want to make sure that we don’t have sales people thinking they’re relocating or managers thinking they’re relocating until the time of relocation. So we’ve never announced offices before we have signed leases and managers and reps ready to move to those locations. But what I will say is that anybody that would take my prior comments that lead them to believe that we’re not opening up offices next year, they would be wrong. We will be opening up offices next year. But I also wanted to point out, we have a significant amount of new business sales performance capacity right now that exists within our current group and we look forward to capturing that as well.
Chad Richison: No, I would not say that. I think you have your usual suspects and then you continue to have new offices that are maturing. I would say often times the measurement of how an offices is going to do is really dependent upon the person that’s leading that office or the manager, not necessarily the geography. I think I pointed out last year our top reps sell $1.7 million and she was here in the Oklahoma City. We had two other reps sell $1.6 million. And again when I am talking about new business sales performance capacity we’re choosing numbers below that because if you take 1.7 or 1.6 multiplied by eight you’re going to get up to $13 million and that’s not what we believe our current sales performance capacities is at.
Chad Richison: Yes, that’s correct and so just as a reminder, we take a successful manager that’s currently with us, we relocate to a new geography or an existing geography where we’re creating a new territory and then we backfill them with a sales rep who is now ready to lead and be a manager. The more offices you have, the more opportunity you have not only to move managers who are ready, but also the backfill of those and we continue to grow the skill set of that. As we’ve done, I mean we’ve opened up I think 16 offices in the last 30 months, last 31 months so which has been significant. But also there is a gap there. You don’t want your sales performance capacity as far as what they are able to sell and what they’re actually achieving, you don’t want a major gap in that and not saying our gap is major, but we do see a gap. And when we do a good job of closing that gap as we’ve been doing this since 2005, I mean this isn’t a new way that we manage sales. But as we close that gap we actually increase the performance of the overall sales organization. And so we’re not going to do anything that’s going to negatively impact our current trajectory. So to that end we will be opening up offices and we’re also going to be focusing on increasing the skill set as well as the performance of the reps we have hired right now.
Chad Richison: I can’t really comment to that. I think I said this in the last call. I mean we either going to have more legislative changes or a lot more legislative changes. I mean every year that goes by, we had something and every time they try to fix something, it gets two or three times worse or there is something else we have to deal with. And so anytime something that’s new, there are changes. And so I see changes regardless. It’s not our job to say whether or not we agree with the changes one way or the other. It’s our job to develop them to able to put them out for the client so that they’re able to utilize them to make minimal impact on their overall cost, and we’re geared up to do that.
Chad Richison: The sales and marketing it’s going to grow, but we’re going to see efficiencies kind of throughout the organization both in the sales and marketing as well as in the G&A figure. You got to remember the sales and marketing includes, it has several components. It has salaries, commissions, marketing, it has office space, and other things. So if look at the offices that we opened this year, some of those fixed costs are lower than what we’ve had in some of the other where we were going into New York or LA or San Francisco. So you’ll see some there. As well as in the marketing area for example we attended the HR Tech conference this year and that’s the same conference we attended last year. But we didn’t attend 40% more conferences in the third quarter. So we’re going to see some efficiency there. And then just on the G&A line, we’re going also see some in terms of the last year was a first year being SOX compliant. So back half of the year, we had some costs associated with that and now we’re more on a kind of on a maintenance level on that so.
Chad Richison: Yes, so from a government compliance piece as we bring on new clients that’s a very popular product for us already. And so FLSA was folded into government compliance and so clients already receive that. I would point I guess what we’re getting the most activity as it relates to FLSA is really the webinars. I mean the webinars we’re putting on for FLSA are doubling those same webinars that we put on for ACA. So I do think there are people still somewhat late to the party on gaining compliance with FLSA up until about I think a month about, maybe three weeks ago. They really felt like they were going to be able to kick the can down the road a little bit into next year and maybe stay off compliance for a little bit. It doesn’t look like that’s happening. It looks like it’s go forward now December 1. So we’re continuing to have those conversations and go through both the education side as well as the analytical side to be able to determine what exactly our clients going to do in the offset and then how they’re going to manage it on an ongoing basis, because that’s extremely important that they do manage it on an ongoing basis to make sure that they’re paying the minimum amount that they need to pay.
Chad Richison: Only to say that I haven’t seen any change in characteristic as far as what a client would buy this quarter versus last quarter or the one prior to that.
Chad Richison: Yes, so definitely one leads to the other. I mean if you’re hiring quality people that are ready to go to work and learn, we’re going to have a great success with that. I’ve pointed out before that you know our executive reps we’ve very, very strong retention rate with them, better than 90% and then I've also pointed out before that you know when we lose people we're losing them before they achieve executive reps status and we've identified that it's extremely important to get those people to executive reps status as quickly as we can were very focused on that. By doing that, that does increase what an office can sell because you have more reps selling it at larger numbers versus the traditional sales model where your top reps can be carrying a larger load of proportionately than the others. And so, again this is something that in different patterns of our sales career. We go through with being able to increase ourselves capacity by gaining efficiencies through those new reps by implementing skills that allows them to get there quicker we’re very focused on that right now. But you're right we have been continuing to increase our number based on the success of the mature offices and that's not different today and it was indifferent to this quarter but we definitely do see an opportunity to ramp up these newer offices.
Chad Richison: I haven’t and I would say similar to ACA, I definitely don't think and I said this about ACA too, I definitely don't think someone chooses Paycom just for the FLSA toolkit or just for ACA it's for the overall value proposition that we put out there that needs to resonate as far as what they're going to do with turning data and information. And so yes, I wouldn't be able to comment say we’ve seen Pull Forward in starts. I think the one comment I made last year based on Pull Forward was those people that would've started in January of 2016 that Pull Forward in December for the sole purpose of gaining compliance for the 2015 but that was really a but again those clients didn't necessarily use us for the ACA alone.
Chad Richison: Well, we are definitely having more prospects at the upper end, reach out to us. We really target companies that are acclimated to the process through using one of our competitors and is our goal to get out there and get them to shift to us. It is often times that people research out there who would be a company to use for their employee size we pop up and they give us a call and so, that does happen more and more but still from a proportionate level I would definitely say that, our business was coming from companies that currently use one of our vendors and still half of that comes from companies that use the largest vendors out there so.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean past fourth quarter we haven't provided any guidance, what I can tell you is that the revenue profile as far as what we build for first quarter of next year and how we build forms and what have you will be the exact same as how we’re going to do it this next time so, the revenue would react the same but as far as the other questions we haven't guided anything for 2017 yet. Keeping in, but what we've done in the past, we've always given that guidance with the - with fourth quarter results. 
Chad Richison: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We will be representing at the UBS Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on November 15. Then the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Scottsdale on November 29 and the Barclays Global TMT Conference in San Francisco on December 7. We hope to see many of you at these events over the next couple of months and thank you for your interest in Paycom. Bye.
