Chad Richison: Yeah. Thanks. Raimo. So I guess first, I would say, as you know, Q1 is typically one of our largest quarters for revenue in any given calendar year, and that's because of our annualized revenue billings of forms, filings and adjustments that come in throughout the year, which has to do with you know, hiring and turnover trends throughout the year at different businesses. Well, 2020 reacted differently than any other year since I've been doing this since 1998, in which the hiring trends were different. It wouldn't be a traditionally, you know, a restaurant that may have a hundred employees could easily do 300 W2's with forms filings. And what have you you know, they share that same restaurant may do 120 a W2. So we saw significant differences in hiring trends throughout 2020 than what we'd seen in the past. We did try to estimate what those would be. Also as a reminder, this Q1, we are still lapping Q1 of a previous year that did not have COVID in it which made for a tougher comps. And, you know, as we move through out second quarter we've substantially lapped the pandemic. Now you did still have a recurring revenue still getting worse throughout the month of April. As we had mentioned that it, got to its worst point beginning in may and then started this stabilized, but we are excited about our next quarter guide. You know, the guide that we're putting forth in Q2 of this year is the largest Q2 guide we've had since 2017 on a percentage basis for revenue growth. So, you know, you weren't you, you weren't necessarily wrong in your early take that you know, we're getting back on the right track or, you know, they're since civic alphabet, Arish, Tigan Sheena Mo as you might say, in your native language,
Chad Richison: Miners paying off my German miners paying off Prego, I'll answer your second one in England. His last name is bulky you know, in terms of the[indiscernible] the cost effective, you know, efficiencies, we're seeing, you know you know, as we're looking to hire additional people, you know those are primarily to be in other areas of our income statement. So, you know, we're continuing to hire aggressively in the R&D area, and then the you know, in the sales and marketing as well as in the operations area. So you know, we're just not going to see the same level of hiring in the, in the, on the G and nylon is what we would see in other areas of the business.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, since obviously our bookings have been very strong. I mean, last year we did have a record bookings as well as we added a record. Well, that record new business revenues, as well as a record number of clients to our platform, which was an increase from prior years as we've returned to guidance, you know, we've gotten away from talking about bookings, obviously. Our bookings are very strong as what's reflected in our in our second quarter guide.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean, Betty's really an all or nothing type usage product. I mean, you do have to change your internal process in order to use Betty, because like we said, in the past, payrolls are traditionally started after pay period end and, and Betty contemplates all that happening at payroll beginning to where one's pay period ends, the payroll is done. And so we have had clients already submit using Betty and their employees are actually able to use Betty as a matter of fact, one within the first hour of release we had like 65% employee approvals. And by the time of submission, they were over 85%. So, you know, employees are already engaging in it. We're getting feedback from employees that, you know, this is the first time I've really looked at my check and, and much less understood it. So we're having a lot of positive there. We expect to put on you know, at least a hundred more clients in the next couple of months on Betty and then throughout the year we'll continue to convert all over. And what I mean by convert, it's not a conversion of data, it's more a conversion of, of their internal process and how you approach each payroll a little bit differently in our own environment. We've gone from over 55 clicks or processes within a payroll down to three each person's experience is going to be differently depending on you, you know, whether you're doing commissions, bonuses, labor, distribution, job costing. So it is a little bit different for each company, but it does drive a lot of efficiencies. And as those payroll administrators submit a payroll, you know, they have a very high degree of confidence in the accuracies that have already been approved by those employees. So it's going very well now, as far as billing Betty's, not Betty's not going to be billed unlike many of our other modules. It will be a per life per employee fee to use Betty. And then as we move throughout this year we'll continue to sell more and more clients on its value grant. And I apologize in advance for squeezing a third one in, but I'll break the rules here. Any other changes we should expect with, with Holly's appointment in her new role and any other changes to either the go to market motion or, or the sales organization that we should they should, we should anticipate in conjunction with that. Well, I mean, we, we change as a sales organization every year. You know, we changed about three or four years ago to really focus on employee usage as an organization. We focused on selling usage, we'd come out with the DDX. Then we came out with a manager on the go Nat. Now Betty. So obviously as we settle into this year, you know, there are some changes that we make to our selling motion, but that's not unlike what we've done in any given year. You know, Holly was you know, she was our first intern on the sales side. And actually she started interning for us when I was the sales manager. So Holly has a deep knowledge of what we've been doing this entire time. She's helped us build the depth to now. And the reason why Holly was chosen is it allows us to continue to increase the drive that we have throughout our sales organization with a consistent leader you know, with also a consistent talk track that we've been driving throughout the sales organization for the last 20 years. So I wouldn't see any significant changes happening to the sales other than what we always have, which is a improvements on our strategies as we deliver more value to the client.
Chad Richison: Yeah, it's related to year-end services. I mean, our, you know, we have pretty good visibility quarter to quarter based off of our recurring revenue. And then, you know, what we believe we will be adding from a new client, a revenue perspective, you know, when you're looking at year-end, which as you guys have seen in the past are typically our largest step quarters because of those year-end service fees. You know, it gets harder to exactly you know, put an exact number on how those negative trends impacted us. We did a pretty good job of estimating that, but and we don't necessarily guide to have a certain level of B we guide to what we can see and oftentimes with new business revenue that can be impacted you know, one way or the other. And as it relates to first quarter though we've always been heavy on annual forms, filings adjustments. And, and so, and also to note that, you know, it's not just our W2 forms you know, with us, we also have ACA forms at the Everett at the end of every year as well. So I think we did a pretty good job estimating its impact. Obviously the fact that we continue to grow throughout the quarter and we'll coming out strong into Q2 reflects that we did have a strong adds throughout Q1 and coming out of Q4, but, you know, those, those numbers were impacted by our annual foams filing business.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean, well, we'd like to think, you know, 1% equals 1%, but that 1% has to happen you know, across our client base that we serve, which is less than 5% of the total addressable market. And so you know, as in answer to your question, as far as those clients that were mostly impacted by the pandemic that we said really hit its worst for us in may, and then started to stabilize for us, we haven't seen any meaningful changes in those, in those same clients. So, you know, as we move forward, I don't know that that number becomes an important bellwether for us. As far as that you know, $1.85 million to $2 million impact that we see from the recurring revenue negative impact from those clients. So I don't know that it's a part of our story moving forward. Obviously we would hope that those clients are able to hire back and that they are able to come out of it in the same situation that they entered into it. But we'll have to say again, we're not seeing any we're not seeing any meaningful improvement in those, in those numbers.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, our comments, weren't really a wholesale about you know the United States, as much as it is about these particular clients that work with us and you know, were working with us prior to the pandemic. They, you know, that we that, that they had to layoffs in different hiring trends throughout the year. You know, a lot of them may have been kept afloat with the PPP. That's been out there. And what have you, but we're not, we haven't seen any significant movement with that group. Like I said, I do believe that people took their hits early, as it related to many of our clients. They may not be as quick to add people back potentially some may have become a little bit more efficient and, you know there may be some out there that are you know struggling, but again, we've been focused on adding new business to our pipeline. So and focused on and focused on those. So all that's to say it's been stable with that group. And I don't know if or when the trends would impact that group because I believe it's going to be more of a client by client impact.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, we're in a business where we make those departments more efficient. And so to the fact that you need to go hire many people you know, using our on-boarding product, using our applicant tracking or talent acquisition product, or using our background checks products that we have out there. I mean, I think that we can aid people in that. So I also think you're really seeing a shift toward the employee user. You know, I don't know that four years ago you could even point to many employee users, especially in the mid market. And today that's really becoming the standard. And so I think there are a lot of business that are focused on leveraging employee usage trends of what they use in their daily lives, working with consumer products. I think there's a lot of businesses looking to leverage that, to create value for themselves. So as businesses come back and I'm not saying that we're not seeing positive hiring trends, my comments are related to those clients that represented the $1.85 million to $2 million weekly impact. We're not seeing those numbers moved dramatically. Are we seeing impacts of businesses starting to come back and, and hotels starting to hire more and in what have you, we're seeing some of that. And where we can see that is in our talent acquisition is more requisitions as our open AR is in our background check. So I do think things are getting better, but the question was more related to how are those clients that were impacted those clients that we said had that monthly negative rate, or excuse me, monthly, weekly negative revenue impact of $1.9 million to $2 million. I think about a quarter or so ago, we called that it may have improved to a hundred thousand a weekish? It kind of fluctuated week to week. And then now we've said you know, we haven't seen any substantial or meaningful change from that which would be accurate as we sit here today, but we are bullish about you know, employee trends beginning to get better for us. It's never something that we've been able to focus on you know layer hat on that or bet the farm on that. You know, you've got to really do the work and what we are doing. We are going out and we are selling businesses right now. And, you know, if they have 415 employees, then, then we're selling them at that and we're bringing them on now, maybe they grow, maybe they don't, but, but we've just been focused on adding new business into onto our platform and that's worked well for us.
Chad Richison: Yeah, me and him, both manager on the go and DDX are at the highest level of usage, no matter how you measure it. So you know, and I'm talking about at the highest level of usage right now, and so that's been getting better and better as we've gone you know, throughout the, I'd say, I think we've had the DDX for the last 18, 19 months. We've had manager on the go now for well over a year. And so we continue to see those trends take up now, is that in the anticipation for bedding or is that because of the value someone's receiving by using those things independently, whether you're setting up for Betty or not? I would say it's, it's probably the latter but the fact that it's happening will set us up very well for Betty. And I do believe that as people look and see the value that Betty's going to deliver for both the business, as well as the employees, I think you're going to even have more usage around the DDX and manager on the go from a best practice perspective.
Chad Richison: Yeah, no, I wouldn't say there's been any meaningful difference in how we've brought in our revenue. The first quarter, this year, then how we had done then how we'd brought in revenue. In first quarter of subsequent years, you know, you're going to typically have your greatest number of starts you know, in the first part of that as people look to start fresh at the beginning of a year, of course, in first quarter, you're your quarter to date near due dates are the same. So anytime in the first quarters you know, not a bad time to convert and what have you, but now I wouldn't say that we'd seen trends meaningful meaningfully different than what we'd seen in the past, as far as when someone chooses to start in the quarter
Chad Richison: Yeah. You know, well, first I'd say it's very regional and you know, return to office strategies depending on where you're located for us internally we've, we've continued to be work from home. For most everybody we have put out a return to office plan for our employees beginning with the supervisors in certain leaders coming in June. We will then have the team leaders start to come back in, in July, and then we will start alternating in our general population throughout the month of August in hopes of being back to the office Full-Time in September. Now when you're talking about ourselves opportunities, as far as going to meet with clients, we're going to continue to meet clients where they live. You may have some clients that are wanting us to come in. You may have some parts of our sales process and our steps of certain cells that continue to stay in more of a hybrid model. And then I would see us going in person for others, but I wouldn't say that we're back at that level or anywhere close. Yet in fact, we don't have any sales person that's gone out and, and called on a purse, a business in person yet. So we're kind of waiting to see how that develops. I would say we're hopeful. But I think that's something that's going to just kind of happen you know, throughout these next couple of quarters. And we'll just kind of see what happens. You know, the expense related to a kind of return to, to office. You know, we wouldn't see that as significant increasing costs. No we're already maintaining the buildings and, and all of those things. So even on the travel side, we wouldn't see it as a significant uptake in any of that's been already baked into our guidance. 
Chad Richison: I mean, it would be hard to think that we're going to go backwards in technology. It doesn't usually happen that way once you've you know, once you've made that jump. So I wouldn't think that we're going backwards right. Shift and customers buying more modules upfront as we exit the pandemic, or could there be some reversion to pretend them it trends. I mean, it would be hard to think that we're going to go backwards in technology. It doesn't usually happen that way once you've you know, once you've made that jump. So I wouldn't think that we're going backwards as far as your question about, you know, I do believe that the farther an employee of the way, maybe the more metrics you may have to look at you know, the harder an employee is to touch the more metrics you're left with that you really need to manage. And so I do think being able to engage with employees through technology makes it both easier for the employee, as well as for the business to kind of really share in the same transparency there. So I don't see us going backwards in regards to that, plus I really it's something that was happening anyway. I mean, it wasn't that the pandemic created these opportunities. I think the pandemic more sealed the fate of the old way. In fact, we were already seeing trends with employees that are used to using consumer-based technology to, you know, do banking get a plane ticket, order, a coffee, and then they came to work and it was 1992 through email. And what have you. So we were already seeing the trends of that usage happening. I think the pandemic just provided a stronger proof source for the reason for that. It probably accelerated that for some people that, that I don't see us going backwards in that because it was right before the pandemic and the pandemic just you know, produced another proof source for reasons why it's important to be employees to have a direct relationship with the database.
Chad Richison: Yeah, so we we've always guided to what we can say. You know, we have not changed that approach, as we'd said to Q2 is our highest guide that we've had since 2017, you know, as we sit here today, I really don't know deals that are starting in October. But I know as we moved about this quarter and especially as we move throughout you know, future into the future quarters that, you know, we'll, we'll see more and more revenue than that, that we're on-boarding. That's, that's what I would say as well as, you know what I mean, w you know, we, we look as we set up our guide, we got to what we can see and, you know for the back half, you know, we'll continue to take a look and data as appropriate
Chad Richison: You know, it's still part of our strategy opening sales offices, and, you know, we're going to continue to do that as it, as it makes sense, as we talked about during the pandemic, you know, every office was substantially open because our people could really sell a prospect anywhere prior to the pandemic. You know, it was all in person. So if we needed to if we wanted to sell a deal in Las Vegas, we don't have an office in Las Vegas. We had to, we had to fly someone there and go there in person during the pandemic. We were able to do that virtually and so you know, as we shift back there will be offices that will be looking to open. And then, you know, we'll have to do it in the right time as well, because I'm not a hundred percent sure when we will be going to full in office selling again, if ever from that perspective, as it relates to the mid market.  I'm talking about where every appointment's in person. I mean, before, if we had five appointments with the prospect, every one of them were in person, I'm not a hundred percent sure that's going to be the case on a go-forward basis. And that's not something we're trying to force. That's something where we're going to meet the prospects, where, where they live in a way that produces you know, a successful communication for both for both us and the prospect.
Chad Richison: Our retention is directly reflected with usage. In fact, someone gave me a retention report the other day, and I thought it was a usage report because the trends are almost the exact same you know, you watch, you watch your usage go up, you watch retention go up. And so that's really what we've been seeing as a, as a reflection of, of strong retention. It's about usage you know, are there out there that make it to where somebody is less likely to switch, I don't think so. I mean, you, you're going to become more efficient if you switched to us with a very strong value proposition, your employees are going to like it more and we're going to create even more value. So I don't really think waiting. It's a good opportunity to wait on that. So we've been focused on driving revenue prior to the pandemic. We've been focused driving it during the pandemic and, you know, once the pandemic ends, I mean, it's not my job to say when that happens. But once the pandemic's over, I would expect us to continue to have a strong sales, regardless of, of what's out there as far as trends one way or the other with software because of the efficiencies that we're driving and the dramatic difference in experience that a client is going to have using our product today than what they would have, you know, four or five years ago.
Chad Richison: The background checks are doing better than they've done in the past or than they did last year, because you're having a, you know, more people hire, you know, when I talk about hiring trends and improvement, I'm talking about those businesses that we had pre-pandemic that were hit. I'm not talking about all the new businesses that we've added since or businesses that weren't hit negatively by the pandemic last year. So I want to be able to separate the two of those when I'm talking about hiring trends, where we're not seeing improvement, I'm talking about those clients that were most impacted by the pandemic last year, and they're in the industries, you would think they would be in. But we still do see positive trends happening across the board with more people you know, doing background checks, doing on-boarding today more so than they were doing last year, but we're still not back you know, to where we were pre-pandemic.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Well, I would just say we've gotten better at it. You know, you, as you continue to spend on it. And again, we measure this week after week, week over week based off the number of leads that we get. And so, you know, sometimes some weeks leads are generated in areas maybe a little bit stronger areas one week then than what we may see in the next week meaning that you may have more come in digitally one week and the next week could be delivered through what we're doing from a targeted marketing perspective where we already know who you are, we're targeting you. All of that's a part of our marketing strategy. We're not just putting ads on TV and seeing who's calling us you know, we have we have many legs to our marketing department and as well as to our marketing strategy. And so it's continued to evolve and we continue, but we've continued to measure it the same way. I mean, our, a successful marketing campaign delivers demo leads for us. Those are companies that request a demo. We have leads that aren't demo leads of someone that may go in and download white papers, or, you know, they're interested, but they have not yet requested a demo from a demo lead perspective. We're still setting appointments with over 90% of those as they come in. So they're very strong leads for us, and we've been having a lot of success.
Chad Richison: Yeah, I mean well, Betty is a unique product that comes with a unique strategy and that is about having employees being able to visualize what their checks are, what the check is going to be what components impact their check to where they're able to visualize and participate in that throughout the pay period and then it paid period end you know, they're able to approve that that check is correct. And what that does is it eliminates manuals, voids, adjustments, all the things that payroll departments and accounting departments traditionally have to do after the fact, once they found out that that check wasn't exact didn't exactly include everything that it should have for that employee. And so by moving the process up to the beginning of the pay period versus at the end of the pay period you know, it's going to change the way people do that, that payroll, as far as the win rate, do I think it's going to impact our win rates? Absolutely. once people really start using it, you know, the DDX we came out with it started impacting our retention not long after we came out with it and, and manager on the go, I would say is a similar product as that. And all of that got more and more people engaged employees, again, engaged in our software, interacting with the database on their own, and the more people that interact with the database on their own, the more accurate the data is, the more confirmation that you have, that the data is accurate and it produces less liability and exposure for the businesses that deploy it. So I see that continuing with us as we move forward. And I do think it's going to impact both our we're in win rates and our retention positively as it becomes prevalent within our platform.
Chad Richison: Yeah, we've continued to have success. You know, we, we really started rolling out an inside sales group. I wouldn't say we had five or so people for several years. And then about two years ago, we started building out that group, as we've done that, we've obviously seen more deals below our target market. And we've continued to see a deals above our target market. Even as we rolled through last year, I was even a little bit surprised that our average billings per client wasn't down a little bit when you looked at the growth that we had in client units. So, but it was pretty much the same which just shows the fact that yes, we are continuing to add small business clients, but they're also being bookended with the large business that we continue to bring on as we'll.
Chad Richison: All right. I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call to today. I'd like to send a special thanks to all the employees at Paycom for their commitment and patience throughout the pandemic. Over two thirds of our staff are either fully vaccinated or in the process, as I've stated in the past. I do believe that getting vaccinated saves lives, maybe your own, the likely loved ones. And as from an investor outreach front this quarter, we'll be presenting at the Cowen technology conference on June 1st and at the bear global consumer technology and services conference on June 10th Paycom loss to also be hosting one-on-one meetings in may and in June at the Needham, JP Morgan and steeple conferences. We look forward to speaking with many of you very soon, and I appreciate your continued interest in Paycom. I thank you, operator. You may disconnect.
