Craig Boelte: Thank you, and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts, including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially, because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. You should refer to these and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also, during the course of today’s call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today, which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: Well, as we’ve discussed in the past, I mean would you not give guidance as to the ANRR number, we are providing revenue guidance. ANRR as you know does turn into revenue. So we do expect the ANRR to be a strong moving forward. So I will probably stop with that.
Craig Boelte: Six is the number that we have opened this year. It’s the best year we’ve ever had in opening up offices as far as six. We open them up much more efficiently this year than we have in years past. We had more people to choose from, on our bench and what have you. And so we're comfortable absorbing the six that we've opened and then as the year moves on, I mean, we’ll review at that time.
Craig Boelte: Well, I mean, I believe it’s important. We’ve been doing this for 18 years now. So I mean I believe it’s important to, at some point be able to have some leverage in the model. We thought that we are a high-growth company and we focused on that. But we are also out there selling profitable business. And so we in the perfect world, we would expect to continue to grow at a high level while also having some leverage in the model on a go-forward basis.
Craig Boelte: Well, it should all recur. It will just recur in the first quarter of subsequent years. I mean these aren’t one-off charges, these are recurring annual charges.
Craig Boelte: Yes, Mark. So as you’re looking at the out quarters, we’ve given the full year guidance as well as the first quarter. So the balance of that would be spread over the remaining three quarters. And as you’ve seen in the past, the second quarter is typically stronger than – the third quarter is stronger than the second and then the fourth steps up as well. So we would expect from a modeling perspective to be very similar to what you’ve seen in the past. And then, that additional step-up in first quarter would be primarily related to those forms filings. And as Chad mentioned, that will be a recurring revenue item that we’ll file every year.
Craig Boelte: While just to add on that. I mean we did, what we did mentioned there was $10 million and pull forward into December. So the commission rate associated with the $10 million, you could probably expect to get some of that.
Craig Boelte: We don’t disclose any one office. But, I mean, those offices you named specifically are doing very well. I mean, they’re mature offices, they can open for a while, they’ve had the same managers in them for a little while and so any place where we’ve had a manager in there for some period of time that’s going to be a strong office for us.
Craig Boelte: No absolutely not, I mean again, I think it has to do with our size and the overall TAM that we still have left to capture I mean we’re still 1.5%, 2% of our overall TAM. So there is still a lot of room for us out there and I think that’s really more factor. We get to choose who we sell, we’re sometimes we pick up the phone and there is someone saying they want to convert. But often times we choose who we’re going to sell, whether we’re working with a referral source or going to our targeted prospecting methods or some other techniques that we use. So we’re going to continue to sell into those markets and we haven’t seen any type of the pull back.
Craig Boelte: Well, what I will say just to kind of tweak that a little bit, we pulled forward $10 million in ANRR.
Chad Richison: Yes. And so thanks, Mike. So we have continued to increase the amount that anyone executive sales rep can sell as well as sales team. I don’t know that we hit a ceiling yet on how much a team can sell, I mean, I’ve talked about this in the past time. We continue to increase from $3 million to $6 million and we continue on for anyone sitting. So, we’re definitely increasing the productivity and how we’re doing that is by selling more deals, selling larger deals and then of course selling more modules into each client.
Chad Richison: Well, we are heading into Q1 off of a strong year and as everyone is aware, I mean our revenues recurring, I mean 98% of our revenues recurring, so we bring that in to the year with us and into first quarter. So we are expecting a first quarter, Craig you can talk more to the leverage on that.
Chad Richison: And so we do commission sales people more based on how much they sell and our year starts over beginning February 1. So naturally commission rates are going to be lower in the back half of the first quarter.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean obviously we are still in the middle of the quarter and ANRR is a calculated commission amount based on starts, which is why it’s really and not something that we guide on, because it’s based on when a deal starts. Back to your original question on the reason why we saw the pull forward, ACA obviously is something that it’s real and it’s here this year. And so in order for us to perform the task for a client that’s needed, for them to be compliant with ACA, they had to onboard with us in 2015. It’s been our business that we bring clients on and we will actually provide them year-end services, provided that they are with us for the month of December. And so that require deals that would have most likely started in January as indicated by what would be normal for us in past years. Those deals started early and they started at the end of December, as we went through and we estimated that amount we came up with approximately 25% of the ANRR that we had our deals that pulled into fourth quarter as it relates to ANRR.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean John we’re going to have the pull forward. I mean we definitely had the pull forward, I mean those are deals that would have normally started in January.
Chad Richison: In our business it is – it isn’t necessarily common for companies to onboard in December. It doesn’t mean that, it doesn’t happen and there are reasons why a company would look to onboard in December based on their confidence and their year-end, current year-end process that they are going to undertake. ACA added another level to that obviously and so this is revenue we were going to experience anyway but it just so happened we did have that pull forward into December.
Chad Richison: No, I mean we traditionally had a strong first quarter due to annual tax form filings that again continue to recur. And so we are going have a little bit more of that this year with the Form 1094 and Form 1095 with ACA which will file first quarter of every year for clients that have their service. And so we are going to receive a little bit of uplift on that.
Chad Richison: Those are customers that started early with everything, including ACA, I mean with everything they are going to start with including ACA. So those are clients that on boarded early with ACA. I do not believe that clients choose us for ACA alone. These are deals I think we would have gotten anyway, regardless of ACA. I mean as an HR leader of a mid-sized company, you are not going to make the decision or you should not make the decision to make a change to a payroll service and it's also going to be doing time and labor, talent acquisition, HR, and talent management. You're not going to make that decision based on one piece of the functionality. And so it is something that clients have to have ACA, I believe you should use somebody, who is an expert in complexity, which we are. And I believe that clients need to find someone to do that. But I’m unfamiliar with the competitor of ours that doesn’t have an ACA offering. So whether ours is better or what have you, there just – there has to be a strong business case or value proposition for someone to change their culture, move all their data and learn new systems. And you just – it is not something we’ve seen happened based on one module piece. And so this is pulled forward and deals that would have normally started in January, because there wasn’t a great reason for them to start in December. But due to ACA, we now had a better reason for them to start in December and we on boarded them.
Chad Richison: Yes. So size doesn’t necessarily dictate complexity in the system, I mean sometimes it can. But, 8,000, I mean it’s not going to rank small for us. We’ve kind of reported these numbers in the past. So that is – we definitely at the larger end of clients that we’ve on boarded. And so, as far as what exactly they were experiencing, I don’t know if all the very specific issues that they were experiencing. But it’s not uncommon for us we go through and work our value proposition and then deliver in ROI it’s not uncommon for us to look at both the soft cost and hard cost savings. And there’s a number of techniques that we go through to do that. I don’t necessarily want to telegraph that on today’s call but we’re able to come up with a number as we have collaborative meetings with the client.
Chad Richison: I will answer that this way, if you’re not currently on our system, and having been on our system since the first of December, we will not be providing ACA services and filings with those companies for 2016. And so the other piece to your question I guess is yes, we will onboard clients this year who are looking to get complaint with ACA as it relates for 2016 to be filed in 2017 and we will onboard those clients throughout the year. But as I explained earlier they are taking the payroll at the time and attendance and other areas. And so ACA is a piece of that and not the driving force behind why someone makes a decision.
Chad Richison: Really, I haven’t looked at that specifically but I mean obviously it would have made an impact on – adjusted EBITDA for the year.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, again, I’ll go back to ACA is a component of our overall value proposition and the product we sell. And again I’m unfamiliar with any client that would go to us just for ACA alone. And so what we’ve developed throughout the years and what we continue to sell as an overall product, that’s being better at selling product having more mature sales staff, then being able to sell more. I really do believe that’s what’s been driving our growth, ACA has been a timely conversation. I mean anytime you get an opportunity to talk to a client about additional complexity, coming down the pipe, that’s a positive for us, and whether it’s reciprocity law lived in, worked in, states changing labor laws, overtime laws or what have you, that gives us an opportunity and so ACA has done that. It’s provided us an opportunity. We do expect there to be – that there has been some uplift. I mean we are not going to ignore the fact that, that ACA is a revenue generating item for us just like direct deposit and some of the other items that we charge for and so. We expect the ACA to be a good product for us as far as on a moving forward basis. We don't expect ACA revenue in 2016 to be any higher than low-single digits of our overall revenue. And so again, it’s timely for us to be able to have these discussions with people. It does help us get someone that might have on boarded a month from now to onboard now especially, if you're sitting in 2015 because there's still a lot of complexity to it and a lot of its knowledge-based what does someone really know about it. I do expect in 2016, 2017 and in subsequent years for the buzz surrounding ACA to dissipate somewhat as it relates to the filing piece of it, because people are going to understand it and we've seen this happen over and over again. As a leaders in Washington make changes to complexity on either tax codes and other areas and we benefit from that because part of what we do is educate ourselves and to become experts in complexity.
Chad Richison: No, we’re not going to breakout the addition of those or any of our other products. I just wanted to point that out on the ACA. But Paycom Learning is doing very well as is the first year for that product as well as GL Concierge. We take a methodical approach to us developing products based on need and how we're going to sell it as well as client usage. And so everything we develop is on purpose and we expect those products to continue to be strong for us as well.
Chad Richison: I mean obviously, anything that hurts the overall economy, I think can have an impact on all businesses and the things that impact our clients can have an impact on us. Now, I mean we provided the numbers, we provided the guidance. So as far as do we feel like it's going to have a specific negative impact on us. I mean we feel like we weathered through what it is and I do believe the HCM industry is different. We’re not just a technology company, we are providing a very valuable service and no one should be doing the payroll by themselves, no one. You never converted a payroll if someone doing it in-house that it was correct, ever and I have been doing this a long time. So I don’t believe that’s going away, we have solved the problem with technology but the fact is the service itself extremely valuable and I don’t see companies going backwards and starting to do their own taxes and everything else based on maybe they lost a few employees or what have you. And that said we haven’t necessarily seen any impact – major impact on our business at this point.
Chad Richison: I mean 2009, we were a high grower in 2009 sometimes these types of pull backs in the economy create opportunities for us, because we’re looking to go and create additional efficiencies and for companies that are looking to streamline processes and times like this in order to become a more efficient organization, we’re a better solution. And so often times pull backs led this allow us to go and be much more competitive. Because people are looking at it right, I mean when the things are good people aren’t necessarily looking to streamline efficiencies maybe the way they should, when you have pull back people are forced to do that we’re a better option and answer to your question I mean it was a good year for us in 2008 and 2009 you more had the mortgage companies you had to really look like at that time, look for that time. And we made some changes on our business at that time to make sure we’re handling guaranteed funds properly and other items that have survived us throughout the years. So like again, I’m sorry, I’m not an expert on the economy we’ve been doing this for 18 years. This is going to be a year for us, next year is going to be a year and we’re going to continue on I mean we’re in our own lane here and we’re going to continue to do our business.
Chad Richison: Not from – well let me say this, the competitions ever changing as far as what competitors provide and that’s been the case from the beginning. And then we’ve had a very strong competitive market. There are few of us that do it. I think from a full service perspective. I’m unfamiliar of anybody of any size since we came into the picture in 1998. So I mean, as far as the players, I mean, I think the players are substantially the same depending on where you’re at. And the flavor of what they provide is – it changes here and there and so do we.
Chad Richison: So we provide an ACA dashboard which clients are able to use as a standalone product. We also have enhanced ACA which is an ongoing monthly service that we provide which has additional service pieces embedded in it. And then, at the end of each year we also provide the Form 1095 and then as well as 1094 and so. Those are the components that make up our ACA revenue or any revenue associated with ACA.
Chad Richison: We do not provide that break-out. But as I did say it earlier, we do not expect all of ACA revenue combined, to be more than the low single-digits of our revenue next year.
Chad Richison: Most of the clients that are required to be compliant this year, have implemented ACA with us. But I don’t have an exact number as to those that are using another option for that.
Chad Richison: We do not – I haven’t gone through that number we did a calculation based on next year but I mean you wouldn’t – from an overall year perspective yes. I mean it would have to be a much smaller number.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean I would say the – I mean obviously we’re going to continue to invest in R&D as we have but it seems like the largest impact we have on a successful quarter are sales commissions and we start to see that as you head throughout the year.
Chad Richison: All right. Well, I think that’s it. So thanks to everyone for joining us on the call. I’d like to extend thanks again to the team here at Paycom. We had a terrific year and we’re all looking forward to another successful year here in 2016. So thanks for joining us, we’ll see everybody later.
