Craig Boelte: Thank you and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts, including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made or make in this presentation are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today’s call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of market today which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: Sure. I mean, Chad called out that in the second half we’re looking at really ramping up some of our sales and marketing initiatives. And so, we would see that in the second half as well as some on the R&D, we’ve always seen a step-up as well from quarter to prior year quarter in the R&D area.
Craig Boelte: Yes. On the CapEx, Raimo, you saw a step down from first quarter to second quarter as we were wrapping up this building. And we called out the purchase of the Grapevine land that will occur either third or fourth quarter. But, we would expect the full year 2018 -- and Raimo, remember, we don’t give guidance on CapEx but we are kind of midway through. We would expect it to be on an absolute dollar basis, similar to 2017-2018, similar.
Craig Boelte: You are correct in that. We do not account for revenue until it’s been built and actually in this case, would have hit our count. So, you are correct in that. And you are also correct in that -- in between six weeks -- between probably six weeks, sometimes it can take a little bit longer for us to get a client up. It somewhat depends on the motivation of a client and what kind of -- I mean, how sick the patient is from a data perspective, when we go in there what all we need to fix. So, you are right on the timing as well. I’m not so sure about the correlation between this quarter and last quarter as it relates to your question. But what I will say is that our revenue and our revenue makeup and what have you, the profile of that hasn’t changed from quarter to quarter.
Craig Boelte: Yes. On the gross margin, we’ve always been in the 82% to 84% range, and we did tick that up to 83% to 84%. The greatest impact on that gross margin is just the timing of when the hires come in. We bring people in and it takes them a while to ramp up and learn to be able to take on the clients and then they will take on a few and then ramp to full capacity. So, some of that’s in timing. I don’t know that I would read a lot into that moving towards the third and fourth quarter other than it kind of ranges between that 83% and 84%. And one thing I’d call up kind of as a housekeeping matter, last quarter, we called out our stock comp at being in that 5 million to 6 million range. This quarter, it was slightly lower than that. So, just for modeling purposes, I wanted to keep that in that range, so.
Craig Boelte: I mean, no, nothing that we pushed the third quarter. Chad did mention, we are going to have some additional initiatives starting in fourth quarter of this year.
Craig Boelte: We are not going to go through and I think disclose or we are not going to disclose the instruments that we use other than our strategy hasn’t changed. I will tell you, your numbers are little bit off now that our balance has increased that less than $2 million actually now or for 25 basis, we will be getting closer to $2.4 million, $2.5 million in annualized revenue from that Where it was previously lower was due to the balance being lower. But, our approach to how we invest those funds has been the same and very consistent. We haven’t hidden the fact that an increase in interest rates are nothing but accretive to both our revenue, as well as our adjusted EBITDA. It didn’t take us more effort to get 30 basis points than what it does to get 25 basis points. And so, we do continue to receive and have a positive impact and lift as interest rates increase. If you’re trying to look at okay, exactly how much does that play into a quarter, I think you have to look at when is that layered in some banks? You don’t necessarily get it right away. So, you can even negotiate it ahead of time, potentially if they know what’s coming, And so, -- but for us, our approach to these and how we work with client funds has been one of not being aggressive. And we’ve maintained that same position today as it relates to what we do with those client funds.
Craig Boelte: On the first question, to the extent it pulled forward into Q2, it would still exist in Q3 from a starts perspective. I think, that may have been the question on that…
Chad Richison: We’ve been focused on usage because -- especially at the employee level because we think that that’s one of the most significant ways that our clients can drive ROI for themselves as when the employees have a direct relationship with the database, and we see that happening everywhere else in society as the digital transformation takes shape. I believe, it’s been a little bit a slower to do so in our industry just because everything is so important when you are dealing with the payroll and time and attendance and benefits and what have you. And so, I think it’s been a little slower, but we’ve been seeing that happen. We’ve been the ones pushing for that. And I definitely see that that’s the right strategy in the future.
Chad Richison: Yes. With any quarter, our record is as far as the revenue comes in, you’re always going to have the overwhelming majority of our revenue, new business revenue that comes in, this one could be from new logo adds. Your question about new offices, our new offices continue to do well as expected, but they don’t react differently than what our past offices have reacted as far as contribution. I think I’d mentioned this before. A year before last, we opened up six offices, and I had two sales reps outsell that six offices we opened for that year. And so, new offices will make contributions, but they are really started making their contributions past month 24 of original open day.
Chad Richison: We’ve been talking about differentiation with the product. I believe that’s resonating again as people look to adopt usage of HCM technology, similarly to how they do everywhere else in their lives. I mean, I think that we are in the beginning stage of people starting to use HCM technology to really work for the business and be able to drive their own ROI. And we’ve been talking about this, we’ve shifted our entire Company along that strategy and we’re all very focused on it. And so, I do believe that’s producing strong results for us at this time.
Chad Richison: We have -- we always work on retention. I’ve been talking about our retention, the efforts now since we IPOed in 2014. In our industry typically, most of your losses or a lot of your losses are going to be coming at the beginning of the year, as certain clients look to start then. You can also have losses throughout the year. And so, you know with us, we’re typically -- we start-off with the retention number, we work on it extremely hard to increase it throughout the year. So far, all of our efforts on retention have produced the same result and 91% retention rate I believe for the last seven or eight years. Some of that’s not controlled, but a lot of it is. And so we’ve been very focused on that. It would be early right now to talk about retention impacts as far as where we are going to finish the year, but we continue to focus on that as we have in the past. And we will see how that plays out as we report our fourth quarter and full-year results at the end of the year.
Chad Richison: Yes. We are continuing to get better on sales productivity that comes from both working very hard and actually our sales managers working very hard to improve their skills set for both themselves as well as reps that they have working for them, as well as product differentiation. I mean, we continue to work aggressively on our product in order to differentiate. We think that gives reps a better opportunity when they go into meet with prospective clients, it gives them an opportunity to go in and talk with prospects that maybe we didn’t get the first time around, and so as well as you continue to improve and differentiate the product. And so, I would probably point to both of those that work hand in hand, being able to have a stronger product and then, again, working on sales skills to be able to go out and produce results that increase our overall capacity on the sales department. And so, those are the areas I would point to as generating some of the gains that we had this quarter
Chad Richison: I guess, what I’d say is we haven’t updated that number since IPO and we’ve chosen not to do that due to competitive reasons. I can’t say and answer to your question, over the past year there has not been a significant increase in the PPM from that period of time. We’ve been very focused on usage, again. It’s easier to sell products to clients than to get them to use it appropriately. So, we’ve been really focused on that in order to help clients actually deliver the ROI that we presented to them. And that’s been our focus. So, as we continue to get greater usage, does that allow us to sell other products that they didn’t have? Well, certainly it does. And can you really sell additional products to someone who isn’t using a large percentage of the products that they currently have? I mean, well, you can, but it just doesn’t help them meet the objective for the business. So, we want to be a partner in that. So, that’s been our focus. It’s been usage. And I think that’s making a difference in both how our current clients use the product, as well as us being able to leverage them as references as we go out into the field and work with new prospect opportunities.
Chad Richison: Yes. So, I think there’s a huge opportunity for us in usage, I think from an industry as a whole, I would say usage amongst that employee base. And I’m talking about what could employees use that they or not, I would say usage amongst the employee base from an industry as a whole has been low. I would say that until we really started focusing on our usage strategy, ours was also low to anemic. However, we focus very much on it. We’ve continued to generate great usage out of it. But, we’re not -- where we want to be with usage and having clients really leverage the software out there so that employees can have a direct relationship with the database that makes it easier for everybody. And so, we’re still focused on that. So, we’re still at the early innings of even usage strategy. And with greater usage, you create more product from that because once someone is using a full set of your product, you’re able to identify other areas of our ROI that you can impact for that business. And I see usage in our product continuing to increase at the employee level as we move forward.
Chad Richison: No, I wouldn’t say. Well, I can go ahead and tell you that for us it’s been the usual suspects as far as our business wins. We are -- I think some conversations are starting to change in both the C Suite and HR departments as they notice different types of technologies where -- that they can actually leverage for themselves. And a lot of this can be even task management. Some things in our industry, they are not like to do, they are have to do. You don’t really have a choice. I mean, you might not want to do it, but you have to. They are mandated. And so, when we can put greater or better technology in someone’s hand that allows for a greater accuracy, in those types of situations that is very beneficial to the client base. And so, I see, as we are able to move from even the have to, to the want tos, I think we will continue to see greater and greater increase in usage. But you’ve got to start with those have tos. I mean people have to enroll in benefits. They have to collect time, they have to request time off, they have to get their COBRA benefits. I mean, I can go on and on. These are the things -- they have to do expense reports. I mean, these are the things that individuals have to do as part of working for a business. And so, we continue to stay focused on that. And I do see opportunities for us to continue to increase usage from here. And quite frankly, I’d be very disappointed if we’re not continuing to do that as we’ve done in the past.
Chad Richison: We have a marketing strategy. The thing about marketing is you can waste a lot of money in marketing and advertising if you are not measuring it and you are not getting the return from it. So, we do have ambitious marketing objectives as we’ve had every year here at Paycom. We are going to be embarking on another national strategy. We have one similar to this last year that we embarked on. We’re doing that again, as we’ve talked about, in the second and third quarter in an effort to get some momentum as we head into 2019 as well as differentiate the product and the new message. So, we look forward to getting out there in the coming quarters with that message.
Chad Richison: Yes. I can tell you that I think it’s been a trend that HCM has become more and more prevalent in what was primarily a payroll and labor management industry, payroll and time and labor management. You started to see the proliferation of HCM products start to move into the midmarket. These products were primarily reserved for the enterprise level market prior too. And so, I’d say this is a trend that’s really been happening for the last five plus years, the HCM continuing to increase. And that would include the talent management side as people develop processes to be able to implement talent management type procedures. Meaning that we can sell you the talent management product but if you don’t have a strategy for managing talent or have not adopted a strategy that our product automates, you are not going to really have a lot of usage and it’s not going to be part of what impacts your business. So, we are seeing -- it’s an education -- it’s both an education on why should people do background checks. You would be surprised how many businesses out there these days don’t do a background checks, and if the ones that do, they might do it on 10% of their employee base. So, these best practices that were primarily reserved for larger companies, you are now starting to see work themselves through into the midmarket as a best practice, as it becomes attainable for them through the technology that’s available today. And we believe that we are at the lead of that.
Chad Richison: Yes. I do believe it’s helping us. Again, the mobile products is the reflection of our overall software. It’s just an easier way for employees to access. We have the desktop version and then obviously we have the mobile. So, mobile devices have become prevalent in the world today. And so, we are able to leverage that. Are there opportunities that we’ve identified that can allow us to not just increase usage but increase revenue opportunities for us, which also increases additional ROI for our clients? There sure are. But, again, we’re very focused on delivering, not only that, but making sure that the clients are using the products that they have available to them today. Because we also believe as part of this process, clients can get greater returns on their investment in Paycom, if they will use the full system. And that’s really what we want people to do, that’s what we’ve been embarking on. And then, once people have done, that does generate additional opportunities. But I will say that right now we have some very significant mandated videos that’s in our LMS content right now. If I cannot get a specific client to watch videos which are somewhat mandated and very timely, I really can’t sell them anything else after that, as it relates to content. I’ve got to get people to use the content that’s there before you can create additional, that will be meaningful to them. Does that mean we’re not creating content? No, we’re continuing to create content. And answer to your question, I do believe that we will have a greater success in the future with all of our products as we increase usage at the employee level.
Chad Richison: Yes. We’re focused on content creation. I just brought that up as one product as an example of -- there are certain mandates that you definitely want employees to experience through their content as well as you want to test them on, certify them, make sure they’ve completed the course as my comment earlier was. We’re still at the early ages of getting people to do the mandated things, much less the additional items that people will want to train on that makes sense for them in their specific industries. And so, we do continue to develop content. I do believe that LMS, which is I would say one of the -- a newer areas definitely for our business and I believe -- of HCM definitely for our business and for the midmarket at large, I do think that being an area that will be able to be leveraged by not just us but definitely the client base, as well as even opportunities for other competitors out there, as the market shifts to a more knowledgeable workforce and the way people -- not just is at the way that the new generation comes up, not just is it different the way they use technology, they learn differently. You’re not going to get a whole lot out of a two-hour course with the millennial. And so, there’s other things that you learn along the way of how people learn and what’s available to them. So, we’ve been focused on all that as we go to market.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, consistent with what I’ve described in the past, your best offices have your best managers. Your best new offices have your best new office managers. I’d say, it’s a territory agnostic. There is so much opportunity for us in the territories that we are in. You are going to see that your best offices are managed by our best people.
Chad Richison: Yes. Again, I think that what we are talking about -- and I don’t want to give away too much on what we are doing on our marketing. I mean, it’s a competitive situation. We are in a very competitive industry. Competition is good for the consumer. So, I don’t want to give too much away other than to say that we are focused on not only branding Paycom but branding the message of -- there is a new digital transformation here for our industry. And it’s time that everybody -- us included and clients and prospects and competitors, embrace that. There is a new way that people are going to be using these products in the future, we’re seeing it another areas. And so, part of our advertising and marketing efforts support not only to Paycom brand but the change in what we believe will be the new future for how people use these types of technologies.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, we gave the total number of the average daily balance outstanding for the quarter. There was a one rate increase during the quarter was towards the end of the quarter, June 15th. So, that was really the only a rate increase for the quarter. Other than that, we remain the way always have been. We are fairly conservative with our investment on those funds there, client funds. And so, there is really nothing to change in our strategy on investments.
Chad Richison: They’ve been consistent with past quarters, which would include continuing to sell some at the upper end of our range as we’ve used to disclose in the past.
Chad Richison: Yes. The feedback from the client base has been good, very good. We do monitor employee feedback as employees of our client base goes in and reviews and gives us feedback. So, we are definitely continuous -- what we are continuously making changes to that software to make it easier to navigate and easier to use at the employee level. Again, we do see opportunities for us to continue to add not just to the app but it’s to the overall product. Again, the app is a device used to gain access to the overall solution. And so, as we go through and we add strategies and develop products for those strategies, it would be for the entire product. leverage through the employee app.
Chad Richison: So, as we haven’t done in the past, we haven’t guided to when we are opening up offices, other than to say we’re continuing to focus on our sales strategy, which does include opening up additional offices. But, we are also very focused on increasing sales capacity. We start with the problem, what problem are we looking to solve. And for us, we believe we have quite a bit of runway in front of us of collecting prospects that don’t currently use us and making them current clients. We have certain geographies that we do not exist in and we have other geographies that we can continue to expand in even further as some of our larger cities. So, as we move throughout the year when it makes sense for us, that would be something we would look to do, would be to open up other offices if it makes sense for us at that time. But for us too, we are very focused on continuing to increase the capacity of our sales force. And so, we are definitely focused on that as well.
Chad Richison: We are a business to business product, we’re very much focused on delivering ROI for businesses that exist here in the U.S. And so, that’s what we are focused on. To the extent we can do that in a way that benefits employees in other areas, we would definitely be looking to do that. But we are focused in making an impact on our clients’ bottom line. And I believe that’s what clients choose Paycom. And again, our effort is trying to increase that ROI that any client can achieve with Paycom. And if we identified something that allows a client to do that through employee usage, that would be something we would look to develop.
Chad Richison: Yes. So, we have our own benefits administration module within the same software that we have. It’s ours, we developed it, it’s part of the same data base. We’ve had clients on it for some time now. I don’t know the number of years but I mean it’s not a brand new product for us. We are probably four to five years in on benefits administration. As a reminder, we do not provide healthcare coverage or vision or dental to our clients. We help aid them in the choice that they make for those vendors and as part of that. You do have to send the files feeds to those third parties which would be your health insurance company, your dental insurance vision live and what have you. And so, we continue to do today and then after the fact note, where we are taking the clients our files and getting those to the appropriate vendor.
Chad Richison: It was on the pipeline. I like to see starts, I like to see pipelines turn into starts. If I see too large of a pipeline, and I’m looking for the starts. And so, we continue to have strong momentum in our sales department. I’ve been excited not just about sales but our conversion departments, our R&D department, our Paycom Specialist department. Everybody has been galvanized this year and actually started last year, really galvanized around the same message and what we’re looking to accomplish. And I really think that’s created an opportunity for us to really have a great year this year as we’re seeing as we head to second quarter.
Chad Richison: I will say this. It matters when a deal starts, it does matter. I mean, if you start a deal in the beginning of a quarter, you get 100% of the revenue dollars for it. If you started the last month of the quarter, the most you are going to get is a third of those revenue dollars for that same deal. But it does matter but it’s hard to forecast because we work with the client. We often times work with the client and it’s their timeline, different things come up. And so, it’s hard and really somewhat dangerous to try to get too myopic on it, something going to start May 1st versus June 12th. But that can impact your revenue for any one quarter. And so, we’ve always -- in our guidance, we’ve always guided to what we can see and what the expectations are. And then as we move through that quarter as things change, those are reflected in the final numbers. And so, our approach to third quarter is no different than it has been in the past.
Chad Richison: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. And next month we’ll be on the road meeting with investors at the following conferences. We’ll be at the Oppenheimer Technology Internet and Communications Conference in Boston on August 7th. We will be at Canaccord Growth Conference in Boston on August 8th. We will be at the KeyBanc Capital Markets Global Technology Leadership Forum in Vail, Colorado on August 14th. I appreciate everyone’s interest in Paycom. We look forward to meeting with many of you soon. Operator, you may disconnect.
