Chad Richison: Sure. And so new clients, and everyone by the way, everybody does get a question and a follow-up. He didn't necessarily state that on the call, but Raimo, what's happening with new clients coming in, that's why they're coming in to use it. I mean, they're coming to Paycom to actually utilize Beti. I did talk about a client on the call who had been with us for six years. They have 2,500 employees, they implemented Beti and they were able to reduce their payroll department by half and it went from four days for them working on payroll to mere hours. And so within our client base, we continue to meet clients where they are today as we work our client value achievement strategy to help them maximize the most ROI with where they are today. And then as far as new clients coming on, it's been no change. I did talk about on the call how we've had more unit sales this year than what we have in the past. And so our sales staff is doing really good in our go-to-market as well.
Chad Richison: Yeah. So we're better staffed in sales than what we've been in probably five or six years. And what I mean by that is having all teams with the sales manager in it fully staffed and then just the number of staff that we have on each. And so, Amy Walker took over sales and had been with us for 14 years prior to that. She took over sales in April and since that time has really got them in a position, us in a position on the sell-side where we're strong from a staffing perspective and again, our sales tactics and techniques to be able to go out there and even sell more as we're differentiated in the industry.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean I would say that I've always felt like we've had the best sales organization. I think having the best products part of that. We focus very hard on sales this year. We were very focused on it and what we wanted to accomplish with it. And being fully staffed does allow us to get to the opportunity to be able to open up offices, again, when it's right for us. Right now, we're really focused on unit growth and sales skills development. In second quarter, we sold 24% more units than what we had sold second quarter of the previous year. That's but one data point that Amy just took over in April. So that's helping. And being staffed really helps with that. The more people that you're staffed with, the more you're going to sell. And so we're having a lot of success right now with the sales group and staffing is a big part of that.
Chad Richison: Yeah, Mark. I'll take the gross margin part of that question. One thing on the gross margins, like you mentioned, is a headcount. But this quarter, we brought our fifth building at Corporate Online. And so we saw an increase in the depreciation both on the building and on the equipment and furniture and fixtures as it related to that building. So part of that gross margin was the additional depreciation, which also hit other lines of depreciation in the income statement.
Chad Richison: Sure. So let me correct one thing, 24% is the unit growth for the second quarter over prior second quarter. Year-to-date, we're about 15% in unit growth, I was just making the point since Amy has taken over. Now I will say, so far for third quarter starts, July starts, which are always the largest of a quarter. Your first quarter month is the largest revenue of any quarter. Our July starts are up 40% from a revenue perspective. And so again, these are about one data point, but it's from where we're starting. And we get to start with the best product, we get to start with the best sales training and we get to start with the best service model. And so for us, it's a continuation of work in our 2024 plan into next year.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I would say all of the current client factors that we discussed even at the end of 2023, those still exist today as far as additional payroll run opportunities and inefficiencies gained when someone uses our product correctly. And so all those factors continue to exist, but we also have many mitigating factors that we're able to guess and pull the levers on. And again, we have a lot of confidence in what's going on with both our sales organization, our service organization and of course, our product with what gives us confidence as we head into the end of this year and then as well as 2025.
Chad Richison: And so yes, anytime we focus on something, we're going to have some results from that. We've been focused all year on the client value achievement strategy, which does include meeting clients where they are and helping them achieve that ROI. It's impacting our service model from a positive and it's impacting our net promoter scores. And those are commitments that we're not going to be backing off of.
Chad Richison: Yeah. My opinions on that haven't really changed. I mean, it's very important for us to meet each client where they're at and make sure that they're utilizing the product to get the full value of it. And we're still very focused on that. I mean, you look throughout the history of Paycom, we sold a lot of product and it's very important that clients are utilizing it the right way to get ROI out of it. There's a lot of things we're also working on in product and developing and releasing that also helps with that. And so, it's not like we've abandoned working with clients to be able to help them purchase new modules from us that can help them drive that ROI. But we have changed the game a little bit in making sure that we're doing our part to make sure that clients are achieving the level of ROI needed for their satisfaction. And so that really hasn't changed for us as far as what we're doing throughout 2024 and what we're focused on here.
Chad Richison: Yeah. It continues to go up every month. I mean, we're adding -- again, we're adding more and more clients in each client that starts, they're starting with greater Beti usage than we have in the past. And so -- and those that are using it and have been using it, it continues to go up. And so with good technology that's easy to use, usage continues to move forward. Of course, we do have a percent of our client base still that may not be receiving the full benefit that it may have to offer at this point just because it's not the right time for them or what have you or it doesn't fit specifically with their initiatives. And so those clients were meeting them where they live. And sometimes they do come on. Again, I talked on the call about a 2,500-employee company that finally said yes, it did reduce their labor cost in regards to working the payroll system by half and they went from four days of working on payroll to merely hours. So that's available to everyone out there. But again, we're servicing clients where they are right now today and that's what we're focused on. And we'll move forward with clients on their timeline, not ours. And then when it comes to new prospects coming in, we want them to receive the full value that we have to offer so that they can achieve that ROI, which is available only through Beti for new clients.
Chad Richison: [Technical Difficulty] database count from that perspective. So -- and we're furthering Beti as well. I mean, Beti is not the same product it was at the first of the year than what it is today. And so we're continuing to advance all of our solution with automation.
Chad Richison: Yes. As we develop them and as you know, certain countries have certain factors that go into their unemployment law. So -- but as we develop these countries, absolutely, we would expect that to be happening.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean for competitive reasons, I mean, I'm not going to get into exactly what a CRR's process is today that's different than what it was last year. But I will say that, to a CRR, they work with each client, and not every client is in the same situation, which means a CRR's approach isn't the same as they go into their entire territory, if you will. And so it really depends on if I'm working with the client that has not yet gone through the client value achievement strategy fully or if I'm working with the client that has. And so that's not to say that they can't provide opportunity and additional -- that they don't have additional revenue opportunities with each client. It's just there's certain methods, that we go through today to ensure that clients are achieving that before we just sell them. So -- and I wouldn't say that's a dramatic change from any other quarter, we've had this year.
Chad Richison: I mean, I wouldn't say we think much of it. I mean any opportunities I think that are in regards to data type things are not necessarily strategic in nature from that standpoint and not necessarily differentiated from -- so from my standpoint, I think that if there's something we can provide our clients that helps them have a better experience with Paycom, that's what we want to look at and focus on and most things would fall in-line with that.
Chad Richison: Sure. And so I guess we focus on problems to solve and what we want to automate. That's where we start regardless of whether or not that's in our current system of innovation or whether or not that's something new that we add. And so we start with what problem are we solving. And so when you're looking at automation, it's across the entire suite. But it will include additional module opportunities, but those develop as you -- as you're doing the right thing and then you're at the end of your process, you're able to discover the ROI for each and see if there is a revenue opportunity for that. We don't start with the revenue opportunity. We start with automating problems for our clients and solving problems. And sometimes we get to share in those problems we solve through additional revenue opportunities.
Chad Richison: Now you asking if we've sold a client that has zero U.S. employees and they're just in the country with zero domestic employees? Is that your question? You may have fallen off. I'm going to answer that question and assume it was. For sure, Canada, I believe, we could have clients that just had that. That was our first one released. I would be surprised at this point if we have a client just in Mexico or the UK or Ireland that doesn't have a U.S. base connection. But I would expect in Canada, we would have some of the talent.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, having native payroll in any -- Canada was the very first time we actually ever developed a separate country. We were U.S. for 25 years. And so we learned a lot in Canada. And then we learned a lot more in Mexico and the UK and a lot of the developments we were able to do for a lot of those companies or countries, some of them were transferable, some of the items. And so we've learned a lot by going through this process. Also, we very much strengthened our global HCM product. I mean, it's not just native payroll. We have a very strong global HCM product that we continue to automate as well. And so all of that ties together to make a strong value proposition.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, again, the factors that we talked about that were impacting us at the end of the year are the same factors that impact us today. When you're talking about how fast or what have you. We also have mitigating factors that factor into that as well. But when you're talking about what happens there, you're really talking about how fast is our client base going to utilize the most efficient product in the industry and then utilize it the right way. And so, we've kind of quantified the expectation of the opportunity that could be cannibalized from good usage, but it's also differentiation. And I think we get that back in other areas. So all that's to say is, when will we be through that type of thing, I don't know, but I do think that there's mitigating factors that we're able to deploy. Again, to achieve client value, to help the client achieve value that they're helping us there as well.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean the logo acceleration is going to be our mid-market group to 50 and above. The below 50 represents approximately 4% or less of our overall revenue and that hasn't been going up as a percentage.
Chad Richison: No. I mean, we've been in a very competitive industry for 26 years. This is our 26th year. Arguably, we're the new guys from specifically who we really compete with. And so it's the usual suspects that we continue to compete against and with when we're out there in the market.
Chad Richison: All right. I want to thank everyone for joining our call today. I want to personally thank my colleague and friend Craig for his dedication to Paycom and the amazing example he has set for brilliant careers. Our employees are working hard and strategically across the board. I want to thank all of our employees for their effort toward our plans to eclipse the industry with automation. We look forward to seeing investors at several conferences this quarter, including the Deutsche Bank Technology or the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Dana Point in August and the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York -- New York City in September. Thank you, all, and operator, you may disconnect the call.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. I mean as we came into the year, I mean our plan had a wide range of initiatives and opportunities. And the high range had assumptions depending on some timing and the magnitude of some of those initiatives. So some of it was timing and now that we have more visibility during the year and it's progressed, we're going to narrow that range.
Craig Boelte: And I'll kind of add on to that. I mean, from a hiring perspective in operations, I mean we're hiring. So we're open for business. We're hiring there. And again, we only have 5% of the market. We have a differentiated product. We're focused on our sales methods. We're focused on our service and of course, heavily, heavily focused on product, which leads to our R&D expense. I know that, that jumped up in there in the second quarter, but that's because we're putting out a lot of product. As I said on the call, we've put out twice as much a product release of this past month than we did in January. And January was also a good month for product releases. And so, we sell our product. I mean, our products where all our values derived from our clients. And so it's just very important that we're always focusing on that. We have very ambitious goals in regard to our product as well. And so -- but we're also mindful of our spend and we're mindful of having quality revenue that generates a strong bottom line. And so all that's included when we go through this for what we're going to budget and spend.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. I mean, we kind of look across the entire organization and just look for efficiencies. I mean there's no levers we're really trying to pull to do that. And really it was the second-quarter be really flowing through to the full year and then raising it on top of that. So really nothing that we're pulling any levers for.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. I mentioned that we just finished the last building. We've got a couple more projects throughout the end-of-the year. So kind of as we talked earlier, what we thought the percent would be for the year somewhere in that 11% to 12%, probably still thinking that. As we look at next year, we really don't have any large projects on the plan. So we mentioned even on the last call, that we would expect CapEx to be potentially single-digits next year as a percent of revenue and that really bodes well for the free-cash flow conversion, which we're also focused on.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. I mean, we're definitely looking at extending the duration as we're talking about some rate cuts the back half of the year. So as you're looking at the full year, we start to kind of factor in some of those potential rate cuts that seem more certain at this point. And then as you start to layer in and extend duration, you're basically on that amount of money, you're basically taking a rate cut because it's going to be lower than the short-term rate that you could get on that. So yes, we're definitely looking at that.
Mark Marcon: Hey. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. And let me add my congrats, Craig, that's huge in terms of being a grandpa. Not really.
Mark Marcon: So I wanted to ask a little bit about some of the investments that you're making, Chad. Can you talk a little bit about, the investments behind service as well as R&D. And specifically, I'm looking at the gross margins and trying to think through. You've ramped up the investments. It sounds like the NPS scores are going up as a result. How should we think about the further pace of the investments both in terms of cost of service as well as R&D and how that's going to unfold over the course of the year? And then I've got a follow-up.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then it sounds like, I mean, with a 24% increase in terms of units sold so far year-to-date, is that part of the reason why we would anticipate seeing an acceleration with regards to the revenue growth in Q3 relative to Q2? Just wondering how baked in is that as opposed to hoping for additional incremental sales from the new salespeople.
