Craig Boelte: Thank you, and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended December 31, 2016. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it was made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today’s call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today, which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: In terms of the cash flow and kind of what was going on in the quarter, some of that’s just timing, quarter-to-quarter. We also had some tax payments that were made this quarter. We kind of do -- we had a catch-up second quarter based on the first quarter’s results, so we had some additional tax payments as well in the quarter. And we’ll see some benefits kind of moving forward. You saw our tax rate for the second quarter decline some as well because of the deduction related to some of that stock comp.
Craig Boelte: Our CapEx for really the first and second quarter of this year have been very consistent on a dollar basis. We’re continuing to complete the construction of the fourth building. We would expect those levels to be fairly similar on a dollar basis. And then, as we get closer to the completion of the billing, you would see CapEx increase a little. So, I mean, as I’ve mentioned earlier, we based those tax payments on the first quarters based on prior year. And then, when you have a strong first quarter, like we did this first quarter, you have some catch-up on that. So, in terms of the cash flow that was part of that ad I mentioned that on the earlier question.
Chad Richison: So, our goal in opening the offices in a more staggered -- taking a more staggered approach, was to reduce the disruption that happens to those teams that we disrupt, anytime we open up an office. Just as a reminder, we always open up an office with current sales reps who are ready and prepared -- or excuse me, current sales managers who are ready and prepared to open up an office, and then we backfill them with sales reps who are ready to be in management from another office and then we backfill that sales rep with a sales rep, a new sales rep who’s come onboard. And so, in the past that’s been disruptive. And so by spreading out this disruption, over a period of time versus taking it all and often times the same week, I believe we opened up last year’s offices all within the same 10-day period of time. We felt like by staggering them out we’ve -- we’re still able to accomplish our goal in the outer years, because these offices take 24 months for them to reach maturity. So, we feel good about that and also it’s caused less disruption. We believe that’s been reflected in the numbers we’ve been able to onboard this quarter and in our future guidance.
Chad Richison: Sure. So, I gave out this sales capacity number of $260 million, I believe, I gave that out about this time last year. I’m not going to update that today. That number was given out when we had -- would have been 42 offices, 42 sales teams. And so, you could -- somewhat for your averaging, you could have somewhat divided those 42 into the 260 to get, again what we believe our capacity was. But we’re continuing to eat away of that. I’m not ready to change that number yet. Something I can sure with you anecdotally is that in the past 30 days we’ve achieved our highest sales week that we’ve had here at Paycom, as far as new revenue that was recently sold. And so not that I’m going to share every quarter, but I do think it’s reflective of the decisions that we’ve been making to increase ourselves productivity. And I’m proud of the group and what they’ve been able to accomplish in achieving this in a month that traditionally for our industry is not one of our strongest new business signings month, because it’s in the summer. But again, we had our highest week and from both sales perspective and we’re very proud of that accomplishment. So, I think our group’s done a great job in taking the strategy and running with it. And I think, I know what we’re saying is the benefit to that through these results.
Chad Richison: We don’t -- and this Chad again. We haven’t, I mean to your form, we haven’t ever discussed items that we’re working on until they’ve actually been released. One other thing I will mention is, we were the top trending app on the iOS Apple Store for our employee self-service app that we put out again in earlier the month of July. So, obviously, increased R&D made an impact on that app. We do continue to work on our other products. As you guys are aware, we have a very broad product set and the more clients you have using that, the more specs you get. We do want to continue to increase the value proposition for these clients. And so, our R&D spend is directed toward that. And we are increasing R&D but we’ve also been able to increase our margin as well. I mean, we’ve increased our R&D anywhere from 80% to 100% each quarter of a prior year quarter. And we’ve also been able to expand the margin. And that’s because the R&D expenses are turning into revenue generating products that the clients are able to use. So, we’re not going to be turning around here being market- high on R&D expense as it relates to a percent of overall revenue. But that’s due to also strong revenue growth. But, we are going to continue to focus our efforts in our R&D department as well.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, I’ll try to answer that. Our value proposition, we believe is an expanded value proposition, past the competition. So, would hope that any client that comes on to our offering having less as a competitor, would experience a greater usage and have a more robust product. So, we would expect that would be the case that people that we onboard use more product. But also the late work, we’re starting to see the way that there’s somewhat becoming a change in a way that companies use HCM technology, and I’ve said it before. Companies for employees, for 2,000-employee companies are using more technology when they buy their coffee than what they do when they’re interacting with their HR department and people that work for different-size companies know that, but that’s shifting. The HR departments are becoming more strategic, they’re leveraging technology, they’re leveraging what’s in the hand of the employees. And so, I still believe we’re in the early innings of that shift happening but I think we’re well-positioned for that. As far as how many of our deals are Greenfield versus not. I’ve mentioned in the past, greater than half of our business comes from legacy providers and everything else is a dogfight by. So, whether we’re competing against a traditional provider or SaaS type provider, every deal is competitive, and we also do convert those companies that are doing it themselves. But even those situations are competitive. So, we’re in a very competitive industry and I think that drives innovation that ultimately benefits all clients out there where people looking to buy this type of technology.
Chad Richison: Yes. No, thank Albert. I mean, I appreciate your point now that historically we’ve be provided a few example -- actually not historically, I think for the first year or so after being public company, we did not provide client wins and started layering them in. And we provided those specific once, we highlighted some that we had won above our range. And we primarily did this to provide the proof points that our solution can scale and handle the needs of larger clients. We believe, we’ve established that at this point. To kind of answer the next question, we did have clients both above our stated range and below our stated range. And we say this is also reflected in the numbers. But, at some point, when we keep calling out the name or the industry that a company is in and the sizing, a 5,200-employee trucking company that we took from a legacy provider, at some point, it’s not that difficult for people to somewhat triangulate or for lack of a better word, reverse engineer the company that we’re talking about and definitely for the person it just happened. And so, I feel like, we’re kind of giving out more information than what’s really valuable. And so, moving forward, we don’t really feel a need to share that, other than to say that this quarter when you look at a client make-up, or the make-up of profile, client profile, the profile of the clients that we on-boarded in this quarter, we’re in line with the clients that we’ve on-boarded in any other quarter.
Chad Richison: Yes. I don’t want to get too specific on -- we do get very specific when we start talking about sales metrics and our sales strategy and how we drive productivity internally. I don’t necessarily want to telegraph all that, but I will say this. We on purpose focus on reducing disruption as we open up offices. And I think our cadence in the last three years has been opening up all the offices in the first quarter. So, when you take a strategy of causing less disruption and it works, you are going to produce, you are going to produce. And so that’s really what’s happening for us is we’re producing. And the new offices that we’ve opened are doing very well as well. But, so we’re proud of that and it’s something we really needed to do to continue to be the type of growth company that we are. And so, I’m very happy with what’s going on there with the sales group.
Chad Richison: Okay, in the February earnings call. It has remained unchanged I believe for the last four or five years that we’ve done it at 91% and so there’s that -- from that standpoint. As far as retention of our own staff, I have to say it’s probably been in line. I don’t -- even on the sales side, I mean we’ve made significant efforts over there to continue to improve productivity. We’ve done that, I can’t say we’ve made a great impact on attrition of the new reps, and we haven’t experienced more attrition from the single [ph] reps, from the executive reps data. So, as far as the training and development, I mean we’re at training and development staff, I think we get speed up for hiring people with recent college graduates and over the course of 20 years, those are -- they’re no longer recent college graduates, when they’re out there running the different levels. And so, I don’t know. I mean, we just continue to develop and train; we continue to identify areas of improvement for us whether it be through client training, client on-boarding or even our own employees and on-boarding, and we remain very focused on that.
Chad Richison: Well, I mean, first, I’ll take the first one. I mean, I do believe it’s easier for us to find people now than what it was three or four years ago, and I think that’s just due to the profile and the momentum we have and that type of thing. And so, but again, the type of person that we look for and the training that we put them through, although that’s all continued to expand, it falls within our current strategy. As far as on-boarding clients, I mean that’s something we do. There’s no such thing as an easy client transition. They’re all -- they all have their complexities to it. But, it’s something we wake up and do every day, so we do a lot of them. So, just like anything you do a lot of, you get better and better at it. And we continue to improve our on-boarding process. And really the key there is driving usage. At the end of the day, clients -- it’s easier to get clients to buy products than to use them. And you definitely want clients to experience their overall value proposition and there’re a lot of cross [ph] justifications that they have for making the purchase and really that’s about using the product. And so, a lot of the initiatives that we’ve that we’re working on today is to get clients to use the technology that’s available to them today.
Chad Richison: I mean, I can imagine a situation where as we continue on as a company, we’re not having additional record weeks. I just think that this was somewhat timing. And the fact that it was in the summer month, I thought it was something I wanted to point out. And again, it really comes down to us being less disruptive within our model and continuing to increase productivity. I mean it’s something I’ve been talking about that was going to be our focus. When I talked about the $260 million new business sales capacity metric that we put out there, I said, we’re going to be very focused on bridging the gap in this, so that we can expand it, but we need to have the achievement. That was our focus, that’s been our focus. I think we’re seeing signs of that coming to fruition. But we’re not done. I mean, we’re continuing to focus on that heads down, and again, continue to get a value proposition out there with as many potential clients as we can.
Chad Richison: To your prospects, you have to have an AC, you have to go to a company that has an ACA option. If you are a client, you already have ACA option. It’s for a while today, we’ve talked about in the past, it’s a nominal fee from our clients, it is. And when you take into consideration everything, there is the year-end homes filing. But it’s an ongoing fee that they pay, I believe it’s somewhat nominal. We’ve talked about the overall percentage, approximate percentage of our revenue that it impacts. And so, no, I don’t have a clue what’s going on with ACA. I mean every time it comes up, I think, it’s going to happen and it has. I don’t think anything is going to happen overnight. I think we’re going to have plenty of warning as it relates to, if there is a wind down, I think there will be a wind down. I don’t think it just automatically stops right away. But I don’t know, we’re going to wait and see what happens. Once we get the reds, our clients can rest assured we’re going to do the work that needs to be done to make sure, they stay in compliance and with whatever that might be.
Chad Richison: No, we don’t break that out, but I’ve said it in the past and I wouldn’t mind repeating it now. I mean, the overwhelming majority of our revenue growth comes from new client adds. Now, then those new client adds might be adding additional products to that as they come into the fold. But, I mean that’s where the overwhelming majority of our revenue growth comes from.
Chad Richison: I can’t confirm that that would be a -- I would have to -- no, I mean, I can’t confirm that. I think that our suite’s been pretty built out last year as well. Now, I’ll tell you, the longer you have a product, I mean the more popular it becomes with usage. And so, I think someone might be able to surmise that there could be some of that but I don’t really think that’s what’s driving revenue.
Chad Richison: So, we don’t -- we haven’t ever disclosed any modules that we’re working on or any -- that be new modules or any current modules that we’re expanding usage cases for. And so, but I mean, we’re investing in R&D. I mean, like I said, we’ve had 80% to 100% of growth in R&D each quarter over prior year quarter, depending upon what you look at. I doubt very seriously, we’ll be talking too much time from now and people are still probably saying that our R&D is low compared to others. And so, from an overall percentage of revenue, I really don’t see us moving away from bottom of the pack anytime soon. But, we do have initiatives that want to continue in R&D group. That does take resources to do that. Anytime you see us adding to R&D, that’s headcount. I mean, we’re hiring individuals and bringing them in there, into Paycom. And we expect them to perform and produce the type of software that we’re able to turn into revenue, and so which then continues to keep the R&D as an expense of revenue, somewhat in line with the trajectory we’ve shown in the past. And so I would expect that to be somewhat the same but we’re not going to be market high R&D as a percent of revenue compared to any of our closest SaaS peers, primarily just because it’d be natural for us to make that type of investment. It’s unnecessary for us with where we’re sitting today.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean, we don’t really ever talk about what percent of quota our staff is. But I think it was a good quarter for us. When we talk about quota achievement, we’d be talking about how somebody booked sales last quarter, its last quarter’s book sales that returns into this quarter’s new business revenue, to kind of keep that in mind. But I’m very happy with what’s going on with the organization. I mean, sales group does continue to increase their level of not only knowledge, but production and activity. And we’re really happy with what’s going on there as we sit today.
Chad Richison: Yes. So let me see here. You’re going to have 14 of them that are either, almost to maturity or maybe have just having hit maturity, either brand new or mid-ramp. So, I’m probably going to say maybe 10 in that area you’re talking about, 9 to 10 in that area you’re talking about. They are still in the ramping -- either brand new or ramping phase.
Chad Richison: I mean, I think it’s been a good hiring environment. I mean, if you’re looking for top talent, you’re going to have to have a good strategy to get it. We go through several interviews to find the right people. But, I mean, I would say, it’s been in line with the way it’s been in the past. Again, I think, our profile of being a public company on the margins helped us attract certain people. And we get a lot of -- especially from the sales side, a lot of our talent comes from referrals, from our own sales people. And they’re pretty good proof sources of what’s possible. So, we get some there as well. So, hopefully that answers your question. I wouldn’t say it’s getting any bit more difficult to find people.
Chad Richison: No, I think, I mean ADP is the 300-pound gorilla. I mean, I think we continue to gain the business that we look to gain. And I still see that momentum continuing. I don’t -- I would be close enough to their overall retention numbers to be able to comment on that.
Chad Richison: All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. And we appreciate your time and interest in Paycom. We look forward to meeting with investors at the Canaccord conference on August 9th in Boston and also on the road this quarter. Thanks to all.
