Chad Richison: Thanks, Craig. As you can see, we are very excited about the future of Paycom and have high expectations. Before we open it up for questions, I want to layout 3 key initiatives for driving continued profitable growth in 2014.  First, we will continue to invest in our industry-leading SaaS solution. Our internal technology capabilities and product development are second to none, and we will continue to go deeper into the product suite throughout the year. We look forward to consistently adding new functionality, like the recent survey tool and mobile employee self-service and reporting modules.  Second, we will continue to invest in our people. Attracting new talent and getting them up to speed the Paycom way is critical to our long-term success. We have been very successful in this regard and expect to continue to add to our deep bench of R&D and sales teams.  Finally, our sales office growth strategy is working and we are confident this is the right go-to-market model. We added 5 cities in the first quarter because the demand was there and we were able to attract the talent we needed to act quickly. We will continue to opportunistically add new offices as the sales talent and market conditions demand. Just to give you a little more perspective, we had planned on opening 3 new offices in the first quarter this year and one more in the remainder of the year. We exceeded our internal goals and opened 5 new offices, because what we are finding is that the demand for our product is exceeding our expectations. At the same time, we are getting better at developing our sales talent and they are ramping up their productivity faster.  Our value proposition is resonating with businesses as they experience the benefits of our single database solution. As important as SaaS is, it's not a standalone solution. The product has to be differentiated. Paycom's key differentiator is that our SaaS solution uses a single database to provide all functionality included, eliminating the need to patch together multiple solutions, which allows a business to turn what was disparate data into actionable information. Because of that, we are winning our clients over, and they're changing the nature of their employee communications and processes.  We really appreciate your interest in the Paycom story and this is just the beginning. Paycom's off to a great start as a public company. We are excited about our current growth prospects and the opportunity for our company in the coming years. I believe we are well-positioned to sustain and build upon the positive business momentum we have well into the future.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator and open up the lines to take any questions. 
Chad Richison: All right. Well, first, Raimo, thanks for congratulating us and we're looking forward to this. So to answer your question, payroll is the core of any business function as you look at it. So 100% of all the companies that we work with, they do have our payroll offering.  Over the years, payroll's represented a smaller percent of the overall. It's starting to -- even though we have clients that do -- 100% of all of our clients do have the payroll offering, we've done a good job at developing out the entire employment life cycle.  So in answer to your question, I believe that payroll -- we'll continue to see growth in the payroll side. But the other offerings, the popularity that we've had in the other offerings are going to continue to grow as well. 
Chad Richison: All right. So from the -- it looks like that there was a couple of questions there. I'm going to take the first one. But as far as the sales office openings, we traditionally had a lot of success starting these in the beginning of the year, but just because they're able to ramp up by the end of the year. You're able to get staffed. We do onboard several clients. Even though it's well-distributed throughout the year, we do onboard several clients as well in January. And so we like to get those on-boarded and not really open up offices potentially at the first of a quarter.  What happened is in the first of the year is we saw some large opportunities. I mean, we've had increased demand for our products in certain areas, and we actually had the staff that was in a good position that we could actually promote into these new positions. And so we captured that opportunity due to the demand that we had for our software. 
Chad Richison: Yes, that's correct. And we're always going to look at the opportunity that way, for us anyway. The larger that we become as a technology company, as well as a sales organization, over time, you have more technology to sell, so you do have a lot more pull for your product, as well as you have a deeper bench of future leaders. And so over time, it becomes -- it's never easy, but it does become easier for us to open up additional offices. 
Chad Richison: Right. And so we increased our technical headcount by 61% this quarter, and these are programmers, developers and what we call QA, as well as product development.  All of our development -- most all of our development and definitely what this group coming in will be working on, it's all future development. It's not maintenance of the product. And so we have a lot of plans to continue to bring our SaaS technology to the market and we have some ambitious items that we'd like to go ahead and get completed as well. And so as the opportunity presents itself in the future, we'll continue to grow our R&D staff. 
Chad Richison: Well, that's a good question. I cannot speak for the others. I think you do have companies that are around, that are actually trying to -- they are actually in the process of converting to SaaS. This is a very serious industry that we're in. And we're really in an industry where, if you -- if you're 99.9% accurate, you get an F. And so everything really has to be locked up.  So we will continue to spend on the R&D side as we need to. And we've attracted a lot more research and development talent over the last year. 
Chad Richison: All right. Well, most of the time, the overwhelming majority of the time, we are replacing an incumbent provider. And most of the time, they have 1 or 2 -- well, most of the time, yes, at least 1 or 2 databases on the small end that we're replacing. As you move further up market, it could 3 or more.  Obviously, the largest legacy providers are the ones that we're going to run into the most. And we continue to have a lot of success competing against both them and others. 
Chad Richison: Yes. I think it's really what the single database provides on the back end. So it's really about the functionality and experience you can have with the single database, so that you're not -- you do not have the need to integrate or patch together multiple systems to actually use your data, which we actually turn into information. 
Chad Richison: Our average customer count is trending the way it has been trending for years now, which continues to trend up. And this is Chad, by the way. 
Chad Richison: Yes, we are. Our actual employee size per customer continues to trend up. 50 to 2,000 employees is a broad range, and there's a lot of opportunity for us to capture in that range. And really, that's the market segment that's highly dependent upon the information. And we have a very strong value proposition for them. 
Chad Richison: Thanks for the question, and no, Brendan, we have not seen any changes in that. As we reported, our ANRR for this first quarter was a record for us, and a lot of that has to do with our ability to close businesses right in our wheelhouse. 
Chad Richison: This quarter, we actually exceeded our sales office opening expectations with actually being able to open 5. And a lot of that was due to the demand for our technology, but also our ability to find and source candidates to actually come and work for us. And so we have not experienced any problem with finding talent. 
Chad Richison: Right. And so we do not traditionally hire from competitors. But that said, we're going to remain open to anyone that's talented in the sales process and wants to actually come work for Paycom and do things the Paycom way. We're always open to those individuals.  All right. Well, I want -- I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Chad Richison: All right. Well, I want to thank everybody for participating in today's call and for your interest in Paycom. We're very proud of the hard work and dedication of our employees and we're excited about the huge opportunities ahead of us. And we look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter. So thank you. 
