Chad Richison: Yes, and so thanks Raimo. I will point out that we use to highlight deals that we sold above our range of 2000 employees on the earnings calls. We continue to highlight them until about a year, a year and a half ago or so as we continue to bring them in. And so all that's to say that this is in a new territory for us, we continue to be driven up market through request. We've both sold and converted several above our range this past quarter. And so this is really our proactive sales efforts as I've spoken before our sales reps proactively target companies that have between 50 and 2000 employees as we are pulled up above that range we do sell them. Now we have as we continue to be pulled up range, as well as our products become easier to sell. We are now allowing reps to proactively target those companies from 2000 to 5000 as well.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean our product is - I guess I would say increasing - we’re increasing the gap of differentiation between our product and what we believe is out there in the marketplace. It's making it easier to sell and honestly I'll be updating the sales capacity number next quarter. This year a record that was set a couple of years ago by a sales rep that have been here 10 years has already been broken by a rep that’s been with us for 14 months and we’ve still got months left in this year . And so our newer reps we’re having lot more success with them as we made it easier for prospective clients to recognize the advantages they receive from using this type of technology. And so we’re having some success with that as well.
Chad Richison: Yes, I’m not going to get into each competitive or alternatives to us individually but what I would say is kind of go back to the prior statement I made. We have created further differentiation and we widened the gap between Paycom and other products. And how someone is going to use the Paycom product is going to be different than how they are using these other traditional providers. And so I wouldn't say that there is any change to that as far as how our value proposition is able to impact any of our competitor’s clients.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean we continue to see a progressive attitude towards larger companies that believe that they can implement these types of solutions. And we’ve seen that for a while. I have again I have continued to highlight since 2014 and talk about the fact that we continue to sell businesses at the top end and above our range. And so we’ve had so much success with that we are now allowing sales reps to proactively target that. Do I think that's going to change the way our sales reps approach their territory, no, because you still have a limited number of prospects in your territory in the range from 2000 to 5000 as you look at any one sales reps, any one sales rep. And so, I believe that we stayed in this range, we've increased our value proposition. We continue to be hold further up market because one thing you have to realize is and some of these products we can go into a client and ask them to show us how their employees used the product, it can take them 20 minutes to pull everything up. And in Paycom's product its one solution, it’s on the app and desktop. And so at some point you look at what's the difference between an employee that works at a 2000 employee company or an employee that works at a 4000 employee company. There is not a large difference there and so again we had success in the market and this is just us allowing our sales reps to proactively approach that market.
Chad Richison: Absolutely not, this is an incremental opportunity and again I will say as I had highlighted in the past, we’re already in this market, we’re just making it official for our sales reps.
Chad Richison: Yes. So I’ll kind of start with the first one metrics on sales productivity. I think one of the biggest metrics on sales productivity is revenue production which is reflected in our numbers that we reported this quarter. I've given you something a little bit anecdotal and talking about how our new reps are having so much success. As a reminder, last year our sales rep of the year was a rookie. This year as I pointed out a rep that’s been with us 14 months is going to set a single record and maybe more of them by the way. We we’re still a couple months away from year-end but one rep has already surpassed a record that was set by a 10-year rep a couple years ago. And so, we have made it easier to sell as we have been able to deliver stronger ROI that’s easier to identify from the client. In regards to the float that we make of, that's not something that we’ve disclosed specifically Craig I don’t know if you want to provide any more color on that.
Chad Richison: But I will also say this is that our approach to interest rate and how we manage that has not changed from one quarter to the last.
Chad Richison: Okay. I'll answer your last question first. And the answer to that would be, no. Our sales teams are the same size as they've been in the past. The only change we've made is allow them to go up to 2,000 to 5,000.
Chad Richison: You know, Mark, there's been quarters where we've spent millions of dollars on a national advertising campaign as we've talked about both third and fourth quarter of this year. And then there's been quarters where we've spent zero on this type of campaign. And so those are levers we pull. We pull those levers when we feel like we can gain market share and continue because we're growth Company and we're very focused on growth and we have great opportunity. And so, we're spending these dollars because we believe it's going to set us up very well for 2019. But it is a lever to the extent we spend the money we do expect the revenue. It is something we measure. If it works it's something we would do again. And early indications are things are going well. But it also should have a commensurate revenue achievement tied to it. So when you're talking about impact on margins, I think what we're really talking about as it relates to our fourth quarter guidance is, we're spending ahead of any revenue achieved. I mean the campaign's been going out on for a little bit now. I can't attribute one dollar in revenue to it, I can't attribute leaves and what have you. But you know our sales cycle and you know our conversion process. And so to think that we would start advertising toward sometime in third quarter and we would have already had revenue for that, obviously we wouldn't. And so this is about an opportunity that we believe we had, also it's an education piece. We are educating a new way to use HCM technology. And so that's what we're doing.
Chad Richison: Yes, so I don't remember exactly the national advertising campaign. We had a smaller one last year. I don't know that it ran all the way through fourth quarter and it definitely wouldn't have been anywhere close to the type of the spend that we're doing on this type of advertising campaign. And again this is something that we talked about with our last earnings announcing.
Chad Richison: No, there is not any change to the strategy now, when you're saying change to the strategy, there is an approach that you might take differently with a smaller business than what you are a larger business. When we're talking about a company that has 2000 employees or a company that has 4,000 employees, there is not much of a different approach on that. What can make a deal complex is not necessarily size, but oftentimes industry and certain portions of what they're trying to achieve on either the payroll labor, time and labor side and so I don't see any change to our model. And again this is something we've been doing anyway. So we're just making it official for the sales reps.
Chad Richison: No change to any of that. The only change here is permission, which was already granted should someone call us.
Chad Richison: No, I mean again we convert - we sold several deals in this range last quarter. We converted, implemented in their current clients this quarter. And so - and you can go back quarter-upon-quarter in the past and it's been the same. And so whenever you're doing a conversion, it's important to focus on each client individually and that's what we do. When it comes to conversion every deal is a snow flake. I mean they look like they're the same, but they're not.
Chad Richison: I mean I will say this, we haven't changed the way we guide and I think if you look at our guidance in the past, it would kind of reflect that as a matter of fact, I think for this quarter that we're in right now, our initial guidance was 28%. We continue to guide to what we can see, we don't always control when a client converts and the only way for us to record revenue for that new client is after they convert. And actually payers start paying us for the fees for our service and so.
Chad Richison: Now, 50 to 2,000 is a wide range. I think you can start seeing some difference in usage between - I mean, it's so much of it. I'll tell you - so much of it is really dependent upon industry and what someone is trying to achieve. I mean we're going to approach a 4,000 employee quick-service restaurant differently than we are a 600 employee hospital that has shift differentials and what have you which is going to be different than a 400 employee construction company that has a labor distribution, burden factors and everything else. And so again size does not necessarily dictate complexity. I will say it is most often that your larger companies have more complex situations, because everything applies. But as far as our approach to sales and what we're doing and as far as the readiness of our product, it's been ready for a long time. So this isn't something that we have to go develop anything different or retrain sales forces. We're not going to see any changes to our conversions. This is what we do. And so - and again we've been in this business a long time in this market.
Chad Richison: Yes. Just as in the past, we have not guided on exactly when we're opening up offices and where for competitive reasons and plus we want our own people know first. But we will continue to open up offices over the next 12 months.
Chad Richison: Yes. One thing I would say is, we have, I believe, 26 modules right now. And so we started with payroll and we've continued to add to that. We've got a strong value proposition right now. Especially as it relates to the client's ability to maximize and - their ROI through their employee base. And so I'll give you one - a very small example. Five years ago, I was walking into a video store and getting it off the wall, handing it to the counter there, where I was getting - paying my fee, I was taking it home, watching it with the kids, returning it the next day. Today, I have a direct relationship with the database as a consumer. And I sit on my couch and do it. And that's better for me. And that's also better for that business that I mean we are facing with. That's the way people use technology everywhere in the consumer-based world. And then they go to work and we go back to the counter. And so we realize it to shift. It's different than what people are used to. We're having great success with it. And we're showing clients, how they can drive even further ROI with this type of usage and so we're very focused on it.
Chad Richison: Yes, I would say if someone's going to - it's just going to be a spend for companies, they probably won't do it and shouldn't do it regardless of what the other economic environment looks like. For Paycom, we drive ROI. So what someone spends with us, we're looking to give them back through use cases throughout the software. If you're asking me what's the demand out there, I'm not noticing anything that shows a decreasing demand for this type of technology or really automation anywhere within business.
Chad Richison: Yes, so you can be pulled into a deal, because a person that used to at one company, got a job at another company and now they are running that company's department and they are very familiar with your product that they used at the prior company and they bring you in. You can be pulled into a market by an employee that uses the product and has influenced with that company and brings you in that way. In all cases though, these clients are looking at our current product and offering. It's not that we are offering them something different than what we are offering the others. It's just we've always had a very robust suite of products. I'm not just going to be honest with you that the usage on a lot of these products oftentimes has been lower and I believe that's across the industry, that's not a Paycom phenomenon, but oftentimes it's easier to sell someone the brochure, then to get them to actually use the product that's there that drives ROI. We've been working on that now for - as you guys know, I've been talking about it now for several years and we're continuing to drive that. And I don't see any area in which it would require different implementation needs except for the fact that it's more of the same that we're doing.
Chad Richison: Yes, learning management, so much of it is dependent on the client and what they're looking to achieve, sometimes you get a little help as we just saw with the State of New York, I believe, now has a mandate for employees on going through both diversification or anti-discrimination as well as sexual harassment training, that becomes helpful to us as things become mandated, specific trainings become mandated. So far learning management is really about those clients that want to achieve these types of training initiatives among our group. We do see a lot in the upmarket. That is a product that you're going to see a lot in the upmarket, because it is difficult to train people in decentralized environment if you do not have some type of learning management system. And so we are continuing to look through our LMS system and what else we can offer with that, but we're also having success with what we're offering today.
Chad Richison: Well, I would say, it's what you mentioned plus adds both drive results from you from a leads perspective. They oftentimes soften the beach for the calls you're going to be making also, as well. As well as deals that you're in currently, branding can help move them along. And so you've got to really look at it in all areas. But look, traditionally, we have been a company that's focused on an advertising spend. I believe this is an area where it's going to be positive for our results because again we're advertising. I've never seen an HCM product for our type of industry, including the payroll side that really focuses on the employees experience with the product. I'm not saying one doesn't exist. I'm saying I've never seen one. And so this is the first of its kind. And so we are also advertising a new way. There is a shift here. We are advertising it. We've been focused on it. I have been saying now for about nine months that we might be early with this strategy, but we're not wrong. I'm going to be able to eliminate we're early with it at some point. So we've been focused and we're going to see how it does. Early indications are, it's doing what we expect it to do.
Chad Richison: Yes. First, I'll say that we continue to be pulled up market for companies that have above 5,000 employees as well, and we still do sell in that market. As far as - are we going to see competitors more, I mean I would expect we are going to be seeing their client base more as we go in and talk to them about our solution in the 2,000 to 5,000 employee market, because we're going to be proactively targeting it. And so, yes, I mean I would expect we're going to definitely be seeing more of their installed base.
Chad Richison: Yes. well I mean if I could figure that out, specifically you never really know - you can be pitching someone for a while and then they haven't talked to you for a year and then they come in as a lead. Well, where did that lead start by the person that actually call them. You can be sending someone marketing material and then a lead comes in. And so oftentimes, you got to hit these all over these businesses in order to advertise what you're doing. And we've often done that through, I would say very light on advertising, to be honest with you. Ours is more of a direct marketing campaign efforts, which we've always done, as well as this is a high-tech sell that we have to go in and do analysis and what have you. And so we are still a direct sales model and this advertising campaign is there to support that model, not to replace it.
Chad Richison: I think the more you get companies to use these products, the more use cases develop, which increases opportunity for you to deliver more value to businesses by developing additional product sets.
Chad Richison: Alright. Well, thank you to everyone joining us on the call today. Over the next two months, we'll be on the road meeting with investors at the following conferences. We will be at the Credit Suisse Technology Media and Telecom Conference in Scottsdale, Arizona on November 27. And then we'll be at the Barclays Global Technology Media and Telecom Conference in San Francisco on December 5. We appreciate your continued interest in Paycom and I look forward to meeting with all of you soon. Operator, you may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yes, I mean that’s a rate that we have not disclosed in the past. As we mentioned in the past those are client funds and like typically are invested in a short duration. We don't - it would be dangerous to include in our guidance any future rate increases so we do not do that.
Craig Boelte: Yes, and in terms of the sales and marketing, we don't break up the marketing piece separately Mark, but we did see - we started running the ads towards the end of the third quarter so we had some cost in the third quarter but the majority of those are going to fall into the fourth quarter. I mean if you look at our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance, it's very similar to where we finished last year as a percent of revenue and yet we've been able to fit in this significant marketing effort.
Craig Boelte: The non-GAAP G&A - sure, the non-GAAP G&A, one thing in that line is we had some additional headcount, as well as we brought the new building online. So we had some elevated levels there in Q3 due to the new building, which as a reminder, it's the same size as our other three buildings combined. So we had some additional costs Q3 and G&A as it related to bringing that building online.
Craig Boelte: I mean we had some one-time, but I mean they're going to be some of those costs that are going to carry on for a while.
Craig Boelte: And I would say the other thing in terms of the fourth quarter guidance, the fourth quarter is typically a little bit seasonal for us and so what happens in fourth quarter November and December specifically, as you'll have companies run off cycle payrolls as it relates to bonuses and personal use of auto, those type of things. So as we're sitting here guiding, we have a good idea on what we think those off cycle payrolls will be, but you just never know as well as where we brought on a lot of new clients this year. So we don't have the history of how they run those payrolls yet.
Craig Boelte: And I would say, our R&D has continued to increase. And like Chad says, we continue to build out more products, we're going to continue to spend on R&D. And one thing too kind of as a housekeeping matter that haven't been able to jump on the call to take clearup is, stock comp for the third quarter was around $4.5 million, want to make sure kind of as we're doing modeling for fourth quarter that we keep that around that same level.
