Craig Boelte: Thank you, and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts, including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made or make in this presentation are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. You should refer to and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statements speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Also during the course of today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of market today which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: In terms of the adjusted EBITDA, in the first quarter -- we did beat first quarter, part of that was the revenue beat that really closed through to the bottom line and then first quarter -- we kind of called our sales and marketing and R&D; our sales and marketing, we look at the initiatives at the beginning of the year and some of those getting moved around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, as well as we take some and maybe add some and remove some on that. The R&D was actually up for the quarter and we had -- but we had a little bit higher percent capitalized, so we were probably 100 basis points higher as a percent of revenue on the total R&D but we capitalized at 31% rather than 27% where we were first quarter last year. And then we saw some efficiencies in the G&A line, so as we kind of move out throughout the rest of the year we're going to continue to spend on the R&D and you would hope to see some efficiencies in the G&A line.
Craig Boelte: Sure. As we -- I mentioned that we're kind of coming to the completion of the fourth building and as a reminder, that building is the size of all three of our others combined. So it was a pretty large endeavor. As you see us coming to the completion of the building, you'll see elevated levels of the CapEx and after we get that completed, we would see that maybe it would moderate some -- after second quarter.
Craig Boelte: I mean, I would say it wasn't necessarily the timing but more you know, the different types of marketing initiatives that we had as it related to the sales and marketing line. R&D, we're going to continue to focus there on our -- spending there to see some efficiencies in the G&A line and we've really -- for the year we've increased our guidance to the 40% at the midpoint and we'll continue to look through efficiencies throughout the year.
Craig Boelte: Under the new 606 I think we were asked are we going to update our long-term EBITDA margin guidance. We're really not prepared to quite at this point but we're continuing to look at that. So we'll probably be updating that in the future.
Craig Boelte: We really haven't guided to the free cash flow margins in the past, so I would say you're really not on that, it really depends on the CapEx.
Craig Boelte: Not really. I think as you saw the CapEx was probably slightly elevated because we're wrapping up that building. As you see that last couple of quarters on the building, the CapEx is obviously at the highest levels during that time.
Chad Richison: We started adding additional products to payroll in 2004 and actually started out with workforce management from the time an attendance perspective. And then we've continued to add on and build additional modules onto that as we've stated on a single system so that to eliminate the need for integration for clients. And now since that we've really focused on our employee usage strategy to be able to roll that out so that employees can assume and help with the responsibility for both, the accuracy of data as well as information retrieval.
Chad Richison: Yes, we've been focused on continuing to develop content, I believe I announced last quarter that we did develop 10 pieces of content, unique pieces of content developed internally with Paycom that we have included into our LMS system to again drive greater usage amongst that employee base for each of our clients. We have since added content to that, I think we've added another 12 to 14 courses to that as well, and overtime we will be charging for those courses, the additional courses.
Chad Richison: Sure. And so the $260 million new business sales capacity number for an annualized number of new business that we add on, that number stands today. As far as your question of how have we increased those productivity gains, we have continued to increase those productivity gains and I would look forward to updating that number as we move throughout the year but right now it's $260 million; and again achievement is what drives that number, it's not something that we just make a decision on. And so -- but I believe what's reflected in the numbers both this quarter and what we are continuing to forecast. And again, we guide to what we can see but as we continue to achieve those productivity gains throughout the year I'll be looking to give an update to that number later.
Chad Richison: We're very focused on the offices that we've opened upto now, the staggered approach has produced results for us as well as our focus on continuing to look for new offices and so we've opened up two so far this year, we're very focused on both development of our backfill opportunities as well as the relocation strategies of mature managers. And as we move throughout the year and identify those opportunities that work best for us, we'll definitely be making those decisions.
Chad Richison: I would like to say that we haven't been trying to do that aggressively but I mean, I would say that we have continued to try to deliver the correct software modules to each client whether that's at the beginning or whether we've developed something after the fact that we've recognized a client that's needed. What we've been focusing on is proper usage of all the additional functionalities we've developed. Often times I can tell you it is easier to get a client to buy something than to use it and it's very important with our ROI strategy that we produce pricing -- that works for the client so that they can receive the ROI out of each item and so that's what we're focused on. I will tell you this, we are focused on usage strategy and the more a client uses a product, the more apt they are to buy additional products and so we are continuing to focus on that but it's really always been a focus for us.
Chad Richison: It is standard in our industry, in fact I'm unaware of a company that does not have routine price increases with the exception of us, it is standard for industry. Again, we go after -- when we go out and work with the client, we want to work collaboratively with them, we want to produce spare pricing that also generates the ROI, I believe we're doing that. Now to your point, we are developing an incredible amount of additional functionality that we do update for clients every month and so as far as is there an opportunity as time goes on, there is an opportunity but I will say that I believe that it's based off of the ROI we're delivering to our client. A price increase without an ROI, I don't think it's good business and so I think that we're going to continue to focus on our usage and drive that, and I believe that's an opportunity that you've earned overtime. And so for us, we're focused on our current strategy.
Chad Richison: Definitely employee usage can help drive retention, as well as client usage drives retention. We've had similar -- I would say we've been in the similar retention rate for the last six years I believe, 91%; and so that's something we continuously work on, some of the times we lose a client, it's not controllable but often times it is and it typically revolves around usage. And it's very important that clients use our products correctly, because they are somewhat different than what's out there as far as our strategy goes. As far as the employee redesign, before we had a desktop version and we used responsive coding to reflect that on a mobile device. Now we have taken the mobile for first approach to where when you're on the desktop you receive a mobile view and then when you move to mobile, it's the same type view and so it makes it easier for navigation at the employee level but it's easy for them because for employees it's work and it's something that they're having to do and so we want to make it as easy as possible so that we generate greatest amount of usage.
Chad Richison: So as far as our COO, John has been running operations I believe since about February of last year as our Executive Vice President of Operations. His promotion into that role of COO would not change our approach to sales. We have -- I believe made improvements to both how we onboard clients and generate usage early on our product and we're going to continue to focus on that and John's going to be and has been a key component of that.
Chad Richison: I'll let -- Ceridian [ph] strategy, what I will say is this as that we create development that's going to be used by our clients and to the extent we see something that has a significant used case, it's something we would develop. The other part that I would say is, we're not a company that has talked about what we're going to be doing, we always wait until it's developed first. So, I guess I would just leave it with that.
Chad Richison: Yes, I mean -- look, we have -- with the goal of staggered office openings for us to be able to develop our bench of sales managers and just as a reminder, we do take mature sales managers, relocate them to a new office for opening it and then we backfill those mature sales managers with a sales person who is now ready to be in management. So the staggered approach allowed us to focus on development of those managers, as well as -- as we opened up new cities, it allowed us to absorb those clients and those strategies. And so we do continue to work on that, and I'm excited we've already opened up two this year, I'm also excited that our productivity gains are going according to plan and we're going to continue to focus on both of those productivity gains, as well as the back bench development and as we look to the future.
Chad Richison: Definitely, anything that impacts our clients positively I think impacts us positively now. At our scale and the way we grow this, I can't say that it's necessarily new employee or employee adds to our current client base and we rarely would see much of that. Whether it's to the positive or negative, as we've been doing this close to 20 years in the type of growth environment, and so our additions are primarily coming from new logo ads that's been -- always been the overwhelming majority of all of our revenue growth and that remained so this quarter as well.
Chad Richison: I guess I'll attack your first question on the hurricane side; all our clients -- I mean, we didn't have any lingering effect from the hurricane in first quarter, all clients that we had had were either set up at the beginning of fourth quarter, towards the end of fourth quarter and all were definitely set up by January or in January 1; so we wouldn't have had much of a negative impact from that. As far as different regions, I mean at this point our region that does the best has the best regional manager, our city that does the best has the best city manager, ourselves -- our city sales person that does the best has the best sales person. And so there is a lot of opportunity for us in there and we're often times driving those results through both, prospecting and collaborative sales and consulted of sales. And so the impact we're going to have on any one region since there is so much business out there is going to be based on the person running it. As far as client size which is one of your other questions; our client size have been very similar, we continue to sell in range as well as above our range. But I couldn't point out to anything that is different than what we've done in the past in regards to size of client range.
Chad Richison: Yes, for sure, especially if we had not disrupted them. If it's a mature offer that we did not pull a manager from and put a new manager in and then maybe even take a rep out of and remove them -- and relocate them to backfill. Yes, you would continue to see growth in mature offices that have their same manager that have their same manager that wasn't disrupted. On average, I mean it's not to say you couldn't have an office that might do something similar as has done in the past but for the most part, mature offices that remain undisruptive continue to have growth within those offices.
Chad Richison: I mean, the interest rates have continued to tick up. I would say those are things that we try to negotiate. I will say even though the rates have changed, our investment strategy remains the same, these are client funds, we're very safe with that and we're very conservative in how we do things. However, I mean, as interest rates tick up so do overnight sweep account rates and have [ph]. So we haven't disclosed that other than to say that it is a part of the revenue that's out there, we don't disclose the specific interest and/or yield that we receive but that is something that as rates tick up should be accretive for our revenue.
Chad Richison: So speaking directly to the salesforce. First of all, across the board at Paycom anytime you're looking to find the best you have to be good at recruiting, you have to have a good comp package, you have to have a good culture and that's all very important. Specifically to the sales staff, it's always important that you have a good culture but really for sales people, it's also important you have a great product to sell. You're not going to keep good sales people if they aren't able to go out and sell a product where clients are able to convert and experience value out of it where they are happy and referable, referencable so that they can provide you referrals so that you can continue to do that. And so I do think that it's important for us to maintain our competitive advantage if we want to continue to get -- recruit our sales people. Now I will also say this as is the Paycom model, we are not someone that recruits from within the industry, so we are not dependent upon our industry to turnover their best sales people to us, we're a development organization and a development sales organization, and so we do take intelligent people who are out there who have persuasive skills and are honest and want to learn consultative selling and we teach them that and help them build a career here.
Chad Richison: I don't know the term channel specifically and how you are using -- I mean, I know what it means but I'm going to try to make it more relative to our industry and specifically, us. We do referral selling where -- this is a very high touch sale in the mid-market, I mean you're not going to -- not go out and work with the client in the mid-market, it's a very high touch sale, you have to have collaborative meetings, you have to do in-depth analysis; and so for us we are always going to be the lead on that. Now that said, we have many partners who refer us into business based on references they receive from their own client base whether or not that's brokers, whether or not that's health insurance 401(k), private equity, I mean I can go on and on, other software companies that won't have you [ph]. So within certain markets of Paycom it's the manager's responsibility as well as the regional manager's responsibility to develop those relationships that they think are going to be mutually beneficial for both, the referring organization as well as us, and the client. So we do continue to focus on referral sources as well.
Chad Richison: I mean, again, win rate is going to be based on the sales person that's out there. I mean we have some sales reps that -- they rarely lose. We have some that are improving as well, and so -- but overall, I mean I think that our win rate has continued to be strong, I haven't noticed any difference in it one way or the other but we are continuing to gain market share. I think that we've had a strong quarter, I think our guide both in the next quarter and the year -- I feel good about that and we'll continue to update that as we move throughout the year.
Chad Richison: I mean, I would say you're -- that they are somewhat connected. I mean the value you're driving for new customers flows over once they are a current client. I mean it's the same type of thing and so -- we're very -- I think your question was at what point in time would we have made the different pricing model. We're very, very focused right now on delivering value to the client, to the extent the value we are delivering is greater than the price that we're charging, that would make sense for us to increase that price and solve that problem. Right now we're focused on solving the problem for clients through a single product that they are able to roll out to their employees for a strong usage case and change in a way their clients are using this type of technology and that's what we're focused on. We are always going to be looking at ways to deliver more value to the client in a way that both, the client and Paycom can share that in that ROI as well. And so I'll just leave that with that.
Chad Richison: So those offices that we're talking about that were opened up in 2016 those would have been first of the year offices, that was before we started our staggered office approach and so we would be counting those six offices opened up in 2016 as mature. It is very important to note that an initial maturing office -- and office that has been opened for 24 months and just hit maturity is going to sell one amount but an office that has been opened five years, I mean they continue to mature. And so an office that might have been opened five or six years because it's going to have to sell; that office it's only been opened a couple of years, often times 2x or 3x more they are going to sell. So it's a beginning stage of maturity where they are fully staffed, they will start off with two or three reps in the first six months and then a lot of couple of more reps and then you turn the year, they are adding a couple of more. It usually takes them 24 months before they are fully staffed with a pipeline of clients that we've been going out and talking to that we've built and then they continue to mature from that point as those reps that they've brought on continue to become executive reps for us. And so those six offices we would count for initial maturity in this first quarter, as I believe most of them were open first quarter 2016. Actually I think most of them were open within about 14 days of each other.
Chad Richison: I mean, I would say it's pretty much the same competitive environment but I also want to state that it's always been competitive which is good for clients, I mean the more products you have in a marketplace, the better pricing and the better products you're going to get, the better used cases you're going to get. So we've always had new entrants into the markets, some of them hang around, some of them are gone very quickly, that's always happened, I mean I can name all types of companies in the last 20 years, this is our 20th year in business but as far as where we are gaining our clients, I mean it's typically coming from the same companies we've been talking about which often times follows the market share that each company has, that's a proportion of what we're going to see. So I can't say that anything's changed from a competitive perspective other than to say it remains as competitive as it's been in the past.
Chad Richison: Alright, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Over the next few months we'll be on the road meeting with investors at the following conferences; the Jefferies Global Technology Conference on May 9 in Beverly Hills; we'll be at the JPMorgan Technology Media & Communications Conference on May 15 in Boston; we will be at the Baird Consumer Technology & Services Conferences on June 5 in New York; and finally, we will be at the Stifel Cross Sector Inside Conference on June 12 in Boston. We appreciate your continued interest in Paycom and looking forward to meeting with many of you soon. Thank you, operator.
