Chad Richison: Yeah. Raimo, so starting with the first on retention, it was about three or four years ago that we started to increase that rate. We would been 91% for six years straight and then it jumped up to 92%. And it really jumped up once we started implementing employee usage products. We would come out with the app, it went up. Then we looked at the year before, the pandemic hit in 2020, it went up again to 93%. Again, we had driven through the direct data exchange, having employees make those changes themselves, increased satisfaction again for those clients as it increased their return on investment. 2020 we held the line at 93% and that had somewhat to do -- it’s a trailing revenue, trailing 12 revenue retention number. Obviously 2020, we did have some retreat in our revenue, just the natural attrition that came from those employees being laid off or leaving their business during the pandemic and then now in 2021, we have been able to increase it once again to 94%. And answer to that question, though, it’s all really driven by usage. The more success a client has using our products, the greater the return on the investment they are achieving and that makes them want to stay with us longer. And so how high can it go? Obviously, at some point you do have to look at, you are always going to have a certain number of clients that could be bought, sold and merged. But I -- we are very ambitious with that number. We are seeing a lot of satisfaction across the client base. So I don’t -- I wouldn’t necessarily say we are done with our retention aspirations, but we feel really good by being able to raise it again. As far as the client count that you mentioned, in 2019, our parent company group and those are decision, client decisions, grew by 6.5%, that client number. Of course, today in 2021, it grew 10%. Last year, it grew 18% and that was really in conjunction with the fact that we added small business teams to sell small business units. We accelerated our advertising spend in 2020, which generated a high volume of leads, a lot of those were beneath the 50 employee range. And so that’s when we added several teams to catch that and that really -- we benefitted that from a percentage growth unit add. I would point out that in 2020 even though we did have around 18% parent company group growth from a unit perspective, our growth per client, billings per client annualized were was roughly flat and in 2021 that number is up about 14%.
Chad Richison: Sure. So it’s been similar as what you have seen us pick up in the past as we have continued to focus on larger clients that’s driven that number up. We are having more success selling larger clients. So you might say that the ones we are bringing in on average are larger than what we bring -- brought in in the past. We are selling more of them. So we are just having more unit counts at that level than what we have had in the past. And then, obviously, we have continued to add product into the mix, which also adds value to each deal that we bring in, regardless of what size they are at.
Chad Richison: Yeah. So we are having a lot of success with the install base using Beti. I mean, internally, there is a little bit of a process change for our clients. You are moving things that you were doing after the payroll ends, the pay period ends. You are moving that to the beginning. But we continue to have success selling Beti, both into our current install base. And as a reminder, all new business that we have brought on since July of last year all have Beti included in its pricing and usage expectation.
Chad Richison: …total outside sales teams. Brad, the last time we added sales, outside sales team, we added in 2019, we added our New Orleans office. We did not add any in 2020. The end of 2021s when we brought through Manhattan and then we continued on with four since then.
Chad Richison: I am not sure. I -- we are not as focused on unit growth, I would say. I mean, obviously, we want to win our deals. Sometimes our unit growth goes up, as it did in 2020, just because of the success we had with our inside sales group. Obviously, those deals have a smaller revenue contribution. So as we turned into 2021 and we had success selling in 2020 as well above our range, but in 2021 we raised our range because we continue to have so much success. So our focus continues to be the mid-market, but we also have success below and that is really what contributes to the increase in unit count are the small unit deals.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I mean, well it’s going to be driven by size of client number of modules sold into client, for sure. Any contribution from improving employment in regards to our base would be minimal.
Chad Richison: Yeah. First, I would talk about the office openings. I mean, demand is really what’s driving us to add more sales teams. Again, we started really spending heavily on marketing in 2020. It brought on high quality revenue that produced very strong margins for us and we continue to have elevated leads. And so -- and again, we didn’t really open anything in 2020. So it’s really time for us to start that again. As it relates to Omicron, I would say that oftentimes we don’t really know why one company may be experiencing less employment today than it did last week and why it may have more next week. So I don’t really see these factors as long as we have stability having a large impact one way or another on our quarters as we move forward. I talked about the importance it will need that we had to lap the pandemic with stability and we have had that substantially since the summer of 2020. So we feel good about where we are at from here and feel like barring any major move and I believe it would have to be major in some type of employment situation, which we don’t expect. I think it should be business as usual for us as we go forward throughout the year.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Gross price is always growth for us. I mean, we have been investing our profits into growth and they are creating more profits. So, that’s just kind of what’s been happening. But in regards to the interest rates, we wouldn’t do anything than natural than the things we are doing right now. Craig, I don’t know if you would add anything.
Chad Richison: And our focus is growing as fast as we can in 2022. So we have that locked and loaded and the funds to be able to do that.
Chad Richison: Yeah. There’s a little bit of that. I would kind of point to how fourth quarter in 2021 was our highest revenue quarter that we have had from a fourth quarter perspective. Meaning, typically first quarter can outpace first quarter -- fourth quarter throughout the years. This year fourth quarter outpaced first quarter in 2021 really hadn’t happened since 2015 then it happened in 2014. Really what’s happening is our revenue make up mix, as we continue to sell more products, both at the time of sale, as well as into the base, the contribution that those annualized form filings has on an overall client annualized revenue that we get from them is smaller. And so the recurring revenue -- monthly recurring we are charging a client you might say is outpacing that that we would have growth in annualized fees, if you will. And so -- and then, yes, I think, you still have some of the trends that we are followed in 2020 or happened again in 2021 somewhat. But I think our comps were a little bit easier comping over this year than what we had going into 2021 W2s versus the 2019 W2s. But anyway, all that’s to say, I think, one thing that’s starting to happen in our revenue mix is that the monthly recurring that we are charging a client due to the additional products that we come up with that they are buying and finding value in is outpacing any growth in our annualized fees.
Chad Richison: Well, I think, it still remains to be seen how prospects are going to buy this technology. We are still, I mean, most people are still buying virtually. Again, we are not going to try to pull clients on to a certain way to buy. We are going to meet them where they live. So if they are used to buying virtually and they want to buy virtually where we have the solution for that, and of course, if clients are wanting us to come out there, we have that availability to be able to do that. But I would say that we are not seeing a huge shift to in-person selling at this point. We remain ready. But, again, that’s something that’s going to -- we are going to meet the client where they live on that.
Chad Richison: Sales productivity is way up from pre-pandemic levels when you look at a -- on a per rep basis or even if you look at a per team basis. When you lose one of your senses, the other takes over and we just -- we became a lot better throughout the pandemic in how we sold. We got better at strategy. We got better at connecting to our prospects. We got better at marketing. We got better at retargeting. So, sales has been very strong and it remains that today.
Chad Richison: Sorry. Go ahead. Okay. I would say in regards to the pipeline, our pipeline remains very strong. I also would say through virtual selling, I do think it’s been, to some extent, easier to connect to some of the players that you would have in a large organization. In small organization, you might talk to two or people, but in a large organization, you have multiple decision makers, and in our case, multiple user buyers, because we are impacting many parts of the businesses -- of the business. As far as a tight labor market, I mean, I think, that impacts all of us. We have had a lot of success in the tight labor market, especially in the -- at the -- in the management ranks of being able to increase quality for us in those areas. And we are up 28%. I mean, from an employment perspective. We added 28% to our employee base last year. So definitely we noticed it being tied out there. But and it’s definitely you have to be competitive. But we have had a lot of success building our recruiting teams over the years with very strong learning management systems where we are able to spin up employees quickly, get them started on their career.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I just wanted to get you to say it again. We are having success with that. It’s a pretty bad deal when you are down that long and we are having success with that. Our hearts go out to those clients and especially their employees that are impacted. And -- but those are those are a little bit longer sales cycle when you are talking about the larger deals. I think this happened in December. Obviously, we are on it. We do believe that we are going to have success taking some business. And I mean, I think, if you are a CFO or HR person, you would be hard pressed to stay in that environment without quite a few explanations. I mean, at some points, you got the read the room on what industry you are in. And there’s a lot of restaurants that won’t serve you salmonella 32 days in a row. You might want to eat at one of them. Thanks for the question.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Well, I think, we definitely have strong productivity across our sales force. But I do believe that that’s driven by high-quality leads and a differentiated product strategy that clients are having a lot of success for it. You sell one thing, but we are able to prove it out as well and so we go out there. We onboard clients onto our product and then we are able to prove out the value they are receiving. And so, the more you do that, the more that increases demand as well as it increases confidence with your sales force. The salesperson goes out there and has an incredible amount of success bringing someone onto our platform and that’s a happy client. A lot of confidence is built up within the sales staff. And so, we had to shift strategies here, we didn’t start off with the employee does the work and inputs the data into the system themselves through the DDX. We didn’t start off with that. We didn’t start off with self-service payroll. And so, there’s been a little bit of a shift from our sales department selling it one way and really coming into their own with understanding the value of selling it the correct way, which is how the clients are going to currently use the product. So, we are very bullish on that and really our demand hasn’t seen much or any of the tail off and I am thinking of since 2020, since we came out in 2020. Of course, it’s up from there from what we would have sold in 2020. But since those first couple of weeks in the pandemic when we shifted into virtual leads and increase in marketing and really becoming more efficient in our areas, we have had a lot of success since that time and I haven’t seen us take a step back since that time.
Chad Richison: Yeah. Correct. We did and I think we continue to hit that and then we would update it. And you are right as we went to ASC 606 we have not updated those long-term margins. We have strong margins that we are starting off with right now. Again, we are focused on growth, but our growth is producing high quality, profitable business. So, for us, we are focused on the growth side, but we do have healthy strong margins. It’s something we have to take a look at internally of when we may be able to update what our long-term growth margin looks like, but we are focused on growing for the foreseeable future.
Chad Richison: Yeah. So, well, first, I would start with the modules. We have always had healthy uptake and I have always said the longer we have a module, the more uptake we have in it. When you deploy Beti, it does require certain modules to be implemented into the client base -- into that client in order for them to use Beti. So that’s helpful oftentimes with our modules, especially for the new clients that we bring on that have Beti, of which all of them do. So that’s helpful there. As far as module impact that we see, I mean, you are seeing some impact on learning management just as people are looking to both retain, as well as speed up training for new employees. Obviously, our recruiting, that product has been very strong going throughout the pandemic to be able to identify those people that you want to hire. But as far as when we look at the product mix, we have had healthy usage across all of them and it really just depends on what industry and what area client might be in, to whether or not they would use all of those modules or not, if that makes sense. And then, as far as seeing customers come back to the table, we are not having a lot of losses on customers as we just talked about our retention rate going up. When we do lose a client, though, it is -- we get a meeting with them normally pretty quick, just because of the usage around their employee base. If we are looking at DDX of 95%, where employees are making 95% of all the changes into the system, that’s a client that finds it hard difficult to leave without destroying their return on investment and all the automation that they had achieved through our product. So we have a lot of win backs there, but I would just start off by saying, we are not really losing as many as we once did.
Chad Richison: Well, you don’t ever take top managers out of an office and relocate them to a new office where they start off with zero employees and you don’t have some impact on that office where those managers came from, because we are -- these are some of our top managers that we relocate like that now. But what you are going to gain out of that new office is going to cover up anything that may have been negatively impacted on the old and then by the time they get to maturity, there’s not much difference between the two, but, well, there’s not a difference between the two on what their quota is and oftentimes quota achievement. And so, I wouldn’t say, it’s necessarily a giant sacrifice that we make, but you do whenever you do move managers out of an office, you do have an impact. Now, we are disrupting five of those. There used to be a time where we would disrupt four out of 12. So the disruption to us is a little bit less and I am using disruption, I don’t know that that would be the right word to use to be honest with you, but you -- it does take a little bit for those managers as they get into those new territories to spin up, but they are our best managers, so they spin out pretty quickly.
Chad Richison: Our method is that typically we will hire force -- a fully staffed office has eight sales reps. We will start off with three or four in an office, they get selling pipeline. They start getting starts. As we have said in the past, it usually takes 24 months for an office to get to maximum maturity and that’s where they have the same quota, the same number of reps with the same level of pipelines and with the same level of expectation that we would have for their success as any other mature office.
Chad Richison: I still feel strongly about what I said in the past. I mean, Beti, ensures perfect payrolls. It ensures you are not going to have manual checks. You are not going to have voids. You are not going to have employees with overdrafts and everything else. So we continue to have a lot of success deploying Beti and I still expect that all of our clients will be using Beti at some point.
Chad Richison: All right. Thank you. All right. Well, I would like to thank everyone for joining us today on the call and a special thanks to our employees for helping deliver another very strong year. This quarter we will be participating in the KeyBanc and Morgan Stanley conferences in San Francisco on March 8th and March 9th, respectively. Both should be in-person, but we will see. We look forward to speaking with many of you very soon. We appreciate your continued support in Paycom. Thank you, Operator. You may disconnect.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. So outside sales teams, we are at 54 now, and as we mentioned, we have added the four recent ones and then we added one towards the end of last year. So we have added five of those. And then in terms of inside sales teams, from our KPIs, we count the inside and the CRR group as one. But we have also announced that we have had over -- have 10 plus we are adding to the inside sales group.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. In our gross margins, we don’t anticipate, we don’t factor in any rate increases. I mean, obviously, if there are rate increases, which they are talking about here in the first quarter in March, that would be a tailwind to us based on the average daily balance somewhere between $4 million and $5 million on an annual basis. But that would layer in Mark. I mean, it wouldn’t come to us the day increase rates. So that’s something that kind of layers in over time.
Craig Boelte: No. I mean, obviously, as I come back, I mean, we would trade off a point of margin for a point of growth, but we are going to still spend wisely as we do -- as you see that we have always done.
Craig Boelte: No. I would say it’s mostly just timing, a little bit of timing Q3 to Q4 to Q1. But, I mean, really nothing unusual there. I mean -- and part of it’s just the overall strength of the quarter. We had a very strong quarter from a revenue perspective as well for Q4.
Craig Boelte: Yeah. And I would say, I mean, one thing we are really starting this year, just leave it our margin off it where we finished last year. So coming out strong out of the gate, a couple of things kind of looking into 2022 just on a modeling, stock comp, we would expect it to be around $110 million, up slightly from this year. And then one thing, we did bring our Grapevine office facility online here at the end of the fourth quarter. So we are going to see a little bit of an increase in the depreciation for 2022 as it relates to that facility, probably, up around 50 basis points as a percent of revenue. And then, one thing else that we have announced is kind of the expansion in Oklahoma City as well. So CapEx will be similar to last year as it relates to CapEx. So all of those play into our margins or some of those you would add and subtract it out for adjusted EBITDA, but we are really excited about where we are starting 2022 with the Rule of 65.
