Chad Richison: Yeah. So first, as you're aware, our focus is here domestic here in the US. We are focused on those businesses. Our system does allow people to store employees that work internationally. So, as far as the impact on what's going on in Europe, I think from a macro level, I think it somewhat impacts every business, but for us, we only have 5% of the TAM out there continuing to drive new business revenue and that's not keeping us from being able to do that although, our hearts go out to what's going on over there. In your next question what's driving our momentum, we are having a lot of success above the 1,000 employee mark as more and more businesses look to deploy self-service technology in the hands of their employees. And then as long as you're deploying self-service technology in those employees' hands, you may as well deploy something that does the most for them or something that they can do the most on. And so that's definitely help drive our momentum as we continue to move forward.
Chad Richison: Yeah, so, Raimo, we had a 25 basis improvement towards the end of first quarter. So, that takes a while to layer into our numbers. We're still investing in fairly short term, but obviously looking at the best way to deploy those balances. So, as they would go up, then we would -- we would start to see impact over time on those increased rates.
Chad Richison: Yeah. I can tell you all of the new offices have been open and they are producing already. So each of them do produce. It takes two years for an office to reach full maturity, but obviously we're going to continue to generate revenue from them as they're in the maturing state. So, definitely some of the revenue that we would expect, the revenue growth that we would expect to achieve this year, there will be some contributions from those offices, although small. I think -- I would think you would see a larger contribution from those offices next year and definitely as you look into 2024.
Chad Richison: No, I wouldn't say we're back to face to face. We're doing some of them face to face. So we're definitely doing more this quarter than we did the last quarter. But I wouldn't say that we are back face to face the way we were pre-pandemic. I do believe going face to face has opportunities to impact in a positive way or close ratios as we do that. But as we sit here today, it would be hard for me to say that we've fully made that shift again. We're still meeting clients where they live and we're still walking through that process and a substantial number of our clients and definitely the overwhelming majority of our meetings are still being held virtually, and I believe that we're doing that for the benefit of efficiency for both the client as well as us.
Chad Richison: Well, as you know Brad, we did our very first pricing adjustment in 2019. It impacted a very small subset of our client base. And we generated around 1% at that time. At that time, I mentioned that, as we look at pricing adjustments and we increase the ROI for our clients, it would only make sense that we were able to share in the ROI that we increased. And that's really how we look at it, regardless of inflation or anything else. If are increasing the ROI for a client, there's an opportunity for us to share in that value that we create through pricing adjustments and if we don't do that, then it really doesn't matter if there's inflation or anything else. We really don't have that opportunity. So, as far as what another company might do, how that could impact us not so sure on that. But, for us our pricing adjustments to the extent we do one would be based on an increased over return on investment that our clients are achieving.
Chad Richison: Yeah, well from a rolling out Beti, we started doing that in July for all new clients, all quotes -- for all quotes given in July, those quotes all had Beti and so it was a part of our ongoing strategy. And so the reason I'm saying that is the way a new client would approach Beti is a little bit different than the way a current client would approach Beti. And what I mean by that, a current client does have to go through a bit of conversion and they're not necessarily in a conversion mode the way a new client. They're already in a conversion mode and so there's a little bit difference there in how we work with one or the other, but we're also getting a lot better at deploying, making those conversions and helping the client set up their data sets that they have to feed into Beti in order to make it work for them payroll after payroll. And so in answer to your question from a retention, absolutely, the more of a product businesses use in our case, the more products that they use, the longer they stay and the happier that they are. So we're having a lot of success getting Beti out there.
Chad Richison: We do, yes. Beti yeah, Beti provides an incremental revenue opportunity for us. It's as I said, in the past it's a nominal fee. It's one of 29 modules, but we do get a revenue uplift each time we sell Beti to a current client or if we sell Beti to a new client, their pricing includes Beti and so that would be a larger fee than what it would've been prior to Beti being included.
Chad Richison: Well, taking the latter first, we're always trying to invest, our first opportunity is to invest in growth and so we're always looking to do that, but we were also very disciplined in what we do. The first question was as far as, is Beti built into our forecast, as far as what we're looking to do. It's been built into our forecast the whole time. I've been very aggressive about the expectations about our hopes for bringing Beti in. Although I'm happy with 10,000 clients on it, or well over a quarter of our clients, there are a lot of clients out there that aren't yet, as well as their employees, that aren't yet experiencing the benefits and the ROI that Beti can deliver. And so that's what we're focused on doing. I don't know that we're gonna hit, my expectations for speed on that we rarely do in situations like that. But what I will say is we're talking about 10,000 clients that have either signed up for it or already converted and this is a product that we started really putting out their own quotes beginning in July. So it's hard for me to find another product that's moving as fast as what Beti's moved with the exception of our ACA product like in 2016.
Chad Richison: Well, yeah, definitely. We've had competitive wins, but we always have, it's not that, we don't have a pull the thorn out of your strategy. Ours is a full strategy that we go through and definitely as clients were going through having their system down and having to implement all of these different technologies and/or do it manually, so that their employees could get paid. Some of them didn't. That becomes a thorn out of the palm moment, where we can pull that thorn out, and now you're not hurting exactly right now, but that's not necessarily driving an overall strategy for a business and how that changes. And most businesses of that size, I would say or all businesses of that size are pretty strategic and smart about how they move forward in it. And so all the that's to say is that it would've been odd with at the time that that happen that we would've converted all these businesses overnight because, we're not going to do unnatural things to bring in clients without them understanding what they're buying and how the value is created, because it's important for us to retain them in order for us to really generate revenue and especially margin and adjusted EBITDA from them.
Chad Richison: We would expand the number of teams to meet up with the demand. What's driving the demand is our advertising spend. We continue to spend heavily in advertising because it's working. So as our marketing and advertising efforts continue to drive more leads than obviously we would want to make sure we have that group staffed to be able to handle those leads. The small market group, which handles under 50 employees represents about 5% of our revenue. So, when you're talking about how many resources that we would add to grow that into the future, definitely enough to service and be able to sell what the demand is that we're generating from our lead and marketing and advertising volume, but not so much that it shifts our focus and strategy away from what we're trying to capture here.
Chad Richison: Yeah, well, we have a deep pipeline of products that we continue to work on. You'll continue to see products released throughout the year. It's very important that we continue to drive and have success with the current as we have, because they're a building block of what we do next as everything has been as we've rolled it out. So everything's a building block for what's next. So it's always important for us to roll products out and then get usage. I've been on these calls and listened to different competitors calls and I'll hear them announce a product and two years later they have 300 clients on it, where, we put this out in July to all clients and put it in all quotes and we're already at 10,000 and over a quarter of our clients and so that's very good and as you get version one done, you shift quickly and version two, version three, version four, you're never done developing products and so we're continuing to enhance the products we have to have greater usage on them, and that leads to other products which will continue to roll out through this year.
Chad Richison: I wouldn't say that client employment had a big impact on us outside of the fact that it's stable. That's the main thing that we need, with the exception of massive unemployment, which we did see in the pandemic that happened very quickly. Quarter to quarter, I can't say that employment trends have big impacts on us due to the growth nature of our business, other than to say, if they're not -- they're not stable and I believe that they've been stable for quite some time now.
Chad Richison: Substantially unchanged maybe a little better I would say. Actually in the last year, we do know that our sales retention is a little better. Holly Faurot took over and we've had a little better sales retention, but that's also because we've got more reps moving into that executive rep position and we just have higher retention with those groups. And as they sell more quicker, they move in to that executive rep position even quicker. And so I do know that sales retention is higher than what it's been, but sales retention always remains a challenge because we have aggressive goals and there's a lot to sell as you go through -- as you go through these products, but I would say well, for sure it's improved some, but a lot of that just has to do with the people hitting executive rep even faster than what they've done in the past.
Chad Richison: Well, I think tight labor markets, they do a couple of things. One thing it does is you have to do more with less and one way to do more with less is have the right technology that you're deploying for everyone. If you're in a a business that move pipe around, not everybody drives the forklift, but everybody does use the app. So, with our system, you're able to really impact the entire company and to some extent, it gets more difficult to hire back office people as well. And so we're able to make that impact. So I think from that perspective, it's helpful. It's always a good time to automate and become more efficient for any business and I think that when you run through markets like this, it forces people. In good times, you don't necessarily see what's going wrong and in times that get a little bit tougher, it forces you to make those changes within your business that creates efficiency through automation and that's where we come in. So, it provided again that we're not having massive unemployment shifts. I believe we're in really good shape as we move throughout this year.
Chad Richison: Well, everything has its time and place and there's certain things that you're able to provide for a customer ahead of some others even, but everything has its time and place and, I would say everything is important, not everything's urgent. So we continue to review those things that make sense for us. Again, we don't preclude our clients that have international employees from using third party. I would even go to say that using one system for all your US and even putting your expats and other international employees into that system and using a third party for payroll because you're in Germany. I can honestly say that even in that environment, we're a better fit than the eight legged octopus with no head they would use otherwise. All that said, everything does have its time and place for what we develop and win and we continue to be ambitious with being the largest in our industry and that takes some time and I believe that we've got a lot of strong momentum and we're heading the right way on that.
Chad Richison: Yeah, we're not seeing any changes to our how it's impacting us. Our competitors have been talking about increasing retention on and off for the last 24 years that I've been doing this. So, we're focused on taking market share. Again, we only have 5% of the TAM right now. So we remain focused on that. And so yeah, I don't really see what they're doing to -- I can't point to changes that are being made that would improve retention rates for someone else in our industry. But I do know the things that we're doing and we're having a lot of success bringing businesses over still today as evident by what we just reported in the first quarter and what we expect into next quarter and for the year.
Chad Richison: I think really what's driving that is, it becomes a necessity at some level. Again, even with tight labor markets or even without, you're having to do more and more, whether it's a tight labor market or not, there's all these new laws, regulation, everything that continues to come out, whether you're in a city, state or what have you. And so, businesses can only do so much. So I think anytime you're able to put something in the employee's hands, that's much easier for them to use and saves, the back end a lot of time and eliminates or at least eliminates a lot of exposure and can decrease a lot of the liability that remains. That becomes an important thing to do and so I also think more and more employees are becoming -- they expect good technology. Our latest campaign talks about the wrong tool. Employees are going to work. They expect the right tools to do their job and more and more tech technology that allows them to manage their data is considered to be the right tool for that and so larger and larger businesses are almost in a have to scenario at a certain level and I think that we're seeing a lot of that.
Chad Richison: No, actually Justin ran or implement -- has been running our implementation side ahead of that for four years that he's been doing. He's been very focused on usage. He works very closely with Holly. John had done a great job. I talked to John yesterday. We continue on. I just did want to say this one point, because I know we've had different question about this or what have you. And I only -- it's only one time that I'll -- normally we give a retention number at the end of the year and I'll look forward to giving that at the end of this year. So it's not a comment that I'm gonna make on an ongoing basis every quarter. But with that said, this one time, I will share with you that our current re number when compared with the same period last year's either equal to or improved. So again, all I can say is John did a great job while he was here and Justin's well prepared and has been working very closely with Holly and the rest of us this entire time. So, we're very excited about to what he brings to the table.
Chad Richison: No, but we have great, I wouldn't say we have better visibility, but we've always had great visibility. We've been guiding in a $2 million range since we IPO in 2014 with $107 million. So we've always had great visibility. In regards to Betty again, it's a nominal fee for us and answer to your question from a conversion, it doesn't impact the conversion on a new client. Where you would see a impact would be on current clients that are converting over and it's kind of a mixed bag on how long that conversion might take them, because of the data sets that have to be loaded into Beti that might exist outside of our system, such as they're doing commissions and the way they calculate commissions is in a completely different system than Paycom and they're fed in. When those commissions are fed in and at what time period they're fed in and how they're fed in matters and that's how we walk through a process with them. But that would be part of their conversion that currently they're already data feeding it in toward the end and we move that toward the beginning based on what employees they're paid. That's one point, there are many others, but it just depends on what's going on with that client as to what the conversion would be into Beti. It doesn't take a long time necessarily if you have a motivated client ready to go, but there is some things that have to be done on the client's end to prepare them to make that conversion. Of course, once they do now, let's, set it and forget it and the employees work the system from there.
Chad Richison: Sure. So what I said it was either equal to or greater than, and then what's been driving our retention for the last three, four years has been usage of the product and clients actually getting the return on investment out of the product as more and more employees continue to have a direct interface with the database and skip the middle person on it and that's really what's driving that usage.
Chad Richison: Well, what I'm talking about some new clients. I'm sure we've had some current clients that have gone from 878 employees to 1,012, but that's not the group that I'm talking about. When I'm talking about we've had success onboarding clients above 1,000 and much larger than a 1,000 employees as well as we continue to go up market. Of course we've always had success in that market. We're just continuing to have more and more of it because we've gone even further up and we've got more people in the field now.
Chad Richison: Well, not keeping me up at night, but, I will say that, I don't know anybody that beat us on to the internet and now everybody is. I don't know that being first is something is enough, is ever enough. You have to continue to innovate something. We've always been in a very competitive industry, I think competitions really what drives innovation. If we didn't have strong competitors, there'd be no reason for us to come up with new innovative ways to drive stronger return on investment, but we are. We do have a strong competition out there throughout the market. I believe we have the better model and I believe if somebody wants to do less work, they should implement our model and I think that our competitors have a long way to catch up to that and I do think as you look into the future, I think that employees doing their own payroll and employees making all changes into the database through the direct data exchange, the way the direct data exchange measures, I think that's gonna be just an established expectation for any employee going to work. And so I think that's really a change you're starting to see happen is what do employees expect to use when they go to work? And I think that's shifting, I think up to now, employees expected to go to work and use the eight legged octopus with no head, which is what I like to call multiple systems cobbled together with multiple passwords, whatever emails and everything else. I think there's an expectation starting to change on the employee side of how much work they actually want to have to do to manage those types of systems. And so I believe we're at the forefront of making those changes. I think we're putting out a lot of proof sources of success as we've gone through that. And I would expect only more of the same. Can a competitor do what we're doing? Yeah. I think anybody can do anything. You've had people build space shuttles over a two year period of time. So can someone do this? Yeah. But I do think, you have to be intentful for how you do it and you've got to have that expectation. And I believe we're the ones leading. I know we're the ones leading that and like I'd said with all my calls earlier in this year, we're really set up this year to do a lot of good things and we're already seeing those things happen. So a lot of success right now.
Chad Richison: All right. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today on the call. I want to reiterate my thanks to our employees for making this another outstanding quarter. This month, we will be hosting meetings at the Needham and JPMorgan conferences In June, we'll be hosting meetings at the Cohen, Jefferies, Baird and Stifel conferences. Thank you for your continued support of Paycom. Operator, you may disconnect.
