Craig Boelte: Thank you, and good afternoon. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts, including those regarding our future plans, objectives and expected performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this conference call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are reasonable, actual results could differ materially, because of statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our Annul Report on Form 10-K that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2015, and as maybe supplemented by subsequent Form 10-Q filings. You should refer too and consider these factors when relying on such forward-looking information. We do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. Also, during the course of today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation schedule showing GAAP versus non-GAAP results is included in the press release that we issued after the close of the market today, which is available on our website at investors.paycom.com. I will now turn the call over to Chad Richison, Paycom's President and Chief Executive Officer.
Craig Boelte: No. We typically report customer retention rates on an annual basis, and we reported that at end of the 2014. And it was very consistent from prior years.
Craig Boelte: We've been through. I mean we started our company in 1998. I can't really speak for everybody else's, but this business I do believe it takes a while to build it and then it's also fairly strong, once you're there. You do have base fees. You do have price proceeds. But we haven't really experienced -- well, we haven't experienced any type of hiccup through this economic downturn, if you want to call that, which definitely, when you look at some industries it qualifies. Nor did we in 2008, when we had the mortgage companies and the financial institution as well as energy going through something very similar. And so we're very diversified across all industries and many geographies. Our Florida office didn't go down in 2008 or Arizona office didn't go down in 2008, when you had the housing market and everything else. And so we typically -- definitely, I mean we're industry agnostic, when it comes to that.
Craig Boelte: On the sales and marketing, typically first quarter is going to be a fairly high. Our sales season ends at the end of January. So typically the sales reps will be at one of the highest rates in that first quarter. And then throughout the year that will hit certain gets, and their rates will continue to increase in terms of commission. So second quarter is typically a little lower and it builds throughout the year through first quarter.
Chad Richison: We opened up five offices first quarter of this year, which was our largest year of office openings to date. Those offices are doing very well. All of our offices typically progress at very close to the same rate, especially in aggregate when you look at all of them. And so they are continuing to progress as well as the ones in 2014. We are always reviewing new opportunities. We will, in the future, have additional office openings, but we haven't announced any plans for that right now.
Chad Richison: Well, I think the growth rate that we'll have in 2016 is substantially with the offices we've opened to date. I mean, as you know, and we've discussed prior in calls and in meetings, the offices that we opened this year are going to have a great impact in a couple of years. So they're not going to have a significant impact this year. And they're going have a little bit of an impact next year, but not significant, when you look at the overall number of offices that that we have impacting our revenue. So to answer your question, the number of offices we would need to open in 2016 to impact 2016 growth number is minimis. But the number of offices we would need to open in 2016 to continue, to work our overall growth plans into the future, we're going to have to open up some offices. We know that. We continue to identify areas and we continue to be underpenetrated in the areas we're in today. And so we look at both current geographies for additional offices and/or leaderships teams. And then we also look at new geographies. And so we're still going through that process. We do have a bunch of candidates that continue to build and we do have matured sales managers, who are also willing to help us expand in that area. And so that's really the way we view it.
Chad Richison: ACA in itself or Enhanced ACA itself has very little impact on this quarter's ANRR. I think our position as a thought leader in being able to provide an Enhanced ACA software as well as corresponding service, I think helps us win some deals, because of the importance of the legislation and the impact of the filing, if you don't file things correctly. And so I think that's helping us. What's happening is that we have both mature cities and new cities maturing, but within each of those cities, we have reps that are maturing all the time and these reps are selling deals and continue to bring in not only businesses that are at the top range of what our typical target has been, but we're bringing in more of them. And so it gets harder and harder to grow a grown number, but with proper product and a good sales staff and support group, we're able to do that.
Chad Richison: I mean, I can't say, I definitely do think. I mean, having an IPO definitely didn't hurt brand awareness. I think there was also some significant motivation on our end, going through the IPO process coming out the other end, standing where we stood at the time and just having this feeling of we can do a lot more than we're doing. And we really started down that track last year. But it was just one additional gear that we went through. I mean, we've had this type of growth or similar growth in the past as well. And so for us it's just continuing to work to plan that we started working a while back. And I do believe that as our product has matured and we've gotten better at each module, we become a much stronger prospect for other clients that are wanting to utilize this technology. And so we're having a greater wins, and more of them, which you're going to have to have to grow a grown number.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, I think the answer to your question is no. I think it's been business as usual, but I say that in respect to ADP's -- I wouldn't say ADP is a company that's necessarily been asleep at the wheel and it's come to getting out there selling business and driving growth for themselves. And so we see it as kind of business as usual, but I mean we continue to have success with ADP, as we do with all of our competitors.
Chad Richison: The answer to that's, no. I mean, the size of clients, the difference between one client size and the other were very similar. There wasn't any client that stood out, that made up the difference there. Well, the same as last quarter. There wasn't any client last quarter, when we had the growth last quarter that stood out. But what's happening is we're receiving more of the clients at that level. I mean we were bringing on 4,000 and 5,000 employee companies five years ago, we just weren't bringing on as many of them as we do this year. And I think it's also important for everyone to note that our focus hasn't changed in the size of clients we go at. We have a very strong value proposition. It's just that our products continue to mature, and as the value proposition resonates with people at the large end of our focus, more and more want to use it. But we're still very focused on the 50 employee to 2,000 market as well.
Chad Richison: It's a very large TAM. I believe that the TAM continues to grow. I believe, we're just entering the HCM technology phase. If you really go out and visit with the client, many of them, when you visit with clients are using new technology the old way still. And so I still believe, we're at the beginning of where HCM is heading. Even with the deals that we've brought on from LMS, I mean these are large companies and many of them were still doing it themselves through email and other ways. And so I believe it's still a developing industry. And I think that probably accounts for some of the growth of others that are so large, the ones you've mentioned. The other, I would mention is there is very few of us that do full-service payroll. I know, we talk about, there is a lot of HCM companies out there, and there may be. But as far as when you're talking about the ones that are doing full-service, payroll, tax, depositing, filing, reciprocity law and everything else, I mean six or seven of us, and you name three of them. And so I do believe that's a special expertise that a few of us have that we do that we're good at. So I think the industry is growing. And I don't see -- and the other part of your question was, are we seeing any difference in in-house versus those deals that are using another vendor, and it's still true today that the overwhelming majority or greater than 80% of the business that we do receive comes form companies that had another vendor at the time of decision. And so we don't really see that changing. And we don't expect competitors to stop innovating or trying to keep their client base. I mean, we expect them to do that, and we have our own strategy here for imposing our will and what we want for this company.
Chad Richison: Yes. I mean, we do see competitors and it's all over the board. I mean it's a mixed bag of when I'm going to called point solution providers, which are providing just LMS and maybe mixing with a little bit of something else. From even maybe our premier competitors even, which we've kind of mentioned some on this call. So it's a mixed bag. I was more trying to illustrate the fact that there is still very large companies out there that are really not even in an automated system for even LMS. And so I was really just trying to kind of set the stage for how I do believe we're still at the beginning of overall HCM usage. Not necessarily being sold, but how it's being used.
Chad Richison: We don't disclose individual pricing or what each module cost publicly. We have discussed in the past, our annualized opportunity for any one employee is around $400 annualized. So we have discussed that in prior calls.
Chad Richison: With ACA we came out initially with the ACA dashboard, because we were still kind of waiting on the regs. Now, we've implemented enhanced ACA. There is a fee for enhanced ACA, and that fee also rolls over into an annualized fee for forms filing. It's really hard for us to sit here today and say, okay, what exactly is the revenue opportunity for that. But what I will say is, I believe every client or prospect out there -- well, first of all, I believe every prospect out there should be using us. But then from that standpoint when someone becomes a client, I believe every client that has 30 employees or more really needs to pay attention and get on some type of ACA program. With the new bill that was signed after the Supreme Court ruling, if you try to do ACA correctly and you don't, its $250 a form with a $3 million minimum. If you don't even try to do it right, its $500 a form and there is no cap of what you can be penalized in the year. So I mean, it's a serious filing. It's something that's new, obviously to our industry. It's something we are looked at to perform on behalf of a client. I think companies that use a company like ours or some of our competitors. I mean they depend on this, so they don't have to have that expertise in-house. And so I do believe on an ongoing -- and this is just the beginning. We don't know where ACA filing and reporting requirements are going to end. I mean, you typically start-up one way and then it will change over time. And so I do believe ACA represents an opportunity, as much for Paycom, but also for our industry as a whole I think ACA definitely represents a revenue opportunity.
Chad Richison: I mean I would expect first quarter of next year there to be some ACA revenue. How measurable is it and what impact does it make, I don't know? I mean, the same question could be asked for rising interest rates, what did that do to us, as they rise as well. But I do believe there's going to be something there. Well, I know there will be something there. It's just to what extent it's substantial or how measurable it is, I don't know yet.
Chad Richison: So I'll answer the last. And I'll let Craig finish up with the how much of R&D did we capitalized for this particular quarter. On the ANRR, we're not going to give any future guidance on that. ANRR is somewhat guidance itself into future quarters. And so moving forward, we're going to report ANRR. It has been strong. I did say that last quarter just to kind of let people know that we really jumped out there, but you never know what happens with us. And so moving forward, ANRR isn't something we're going to forecast. As far as what the IRS is going to do with the ACA, I mean we except them to continue to address Forms above 1094 as well as Form 1095. And then you have both Form B and C for both of those, depending on if you're an insurance company or an actual business that's issuing these. And so with anything, anytime, something new comes out there is always and after the fact thought of how can it be better, what other information do we need, how do we make others compliant? So I would find it very hard to believe that there is not more coming down the pipe from the reporting agencies. I would also be surprised if we're not full steam ahead, Katy bar the door, on this right now. I don't see it changing. It's here. Those people that aren't compliant are going to be in some trouble. And I do believe that.
Chad Richison: So I did talk about that earlier, Brad, yes it's going well. It does take an office 24 months to mature and these offices that we've opened at the first of the quarter, each maturing as they should be.
Chad Richison: We definitely look at those opportunities. I mean it's important for us to have assured success. Each time, we do open up an office and we're very happy the way they're progressing now. And then as opportunities present itself through both backfill opportunities and new manager relo opportunities and prospect revenue opportunities, then we'll look to move into additional markets in the future.
Chad Richison: We have not. Not geographically. I mean, you're going to have some offices that do better than others, but you could have an Orange County doing getter than an L.A. or San Fran doing better than a San Jose. So I wouldn't really be able to point geographically if there's a difference there.
Chad Richison: And so I want to thank everybody for joining. We did sustain our momentum through the first half of 2015 and are extremely proud of our progress we achieved in broadening our industry-leading solution. We're going to be presenting at the Pacific Crest Global Technology Leadership Forum in Vail, on August 11 and then again at the Canaccord Growth Conference in Boston on August 12. And we look forward to meeting with you guys then. Thanks a lot.
