Dermot McDonogh: Sure, Steven, I'll take that, and good morning. So I guess the way I'd like to answer the question is just to kind of start with January, where we kind of gave the guidance to the market of 20% NII growth for the year and we've been consistent with that on the call since then. And we reconfirmed that guidance today for 20% for the full year. Now, the world has kind of played a different hand to us over the course of the year since January. We had the bank turmoil in March and we had the debt ceiling impasse over the summer. And clients used us as the porch in a storm during that time and we kind of saw surges in deposits and so that benefited us. Now over the course of the summer we see those deposits leave and we feel we've reached an inflection point of puts and takes between the natural organic flow versus our kind of surge deposits leaving. So we feel the pace of decline has slowed. We feel like we hit the trough in August and we've seen modest pickup in deposits in September and into October. So overall, that and when you take the asset side of the balance sheet and how liquid we are on the asset side and how that's rolling down, you might want to know that as the balance sheet continues to roll down, we have a yield pickup of 200 basis points to 300 basis points, which kind of gives us a lot of confidence in our estimate for the year and outlook into 2024. As it relates to NIBs, we always said that it was going to be 25% to 20% through the cycle. The trough happened during the summer months and has stayed in the 20% zip code. So we feel overall pretty good about NIBs as a percentage of total deposits being in the 20% range.
Dermot McDonogh: Steven, I'll start. So, look, we've said on every call this year that bending the cost curve is a very important strategic objective for the firm. And we're attacking structural expenses in a number of different ways. And that's just continuous execution, day in, day out, blocking and tackling. The result of all that blocking and tackling has caused us to outperform the 4% guidance that we gave in January. And we're determined to push that number closer to 3%. But we don't believe the work is over this year and we're now in the middle of budget season and we are determined to bend the cost curve into next year and to continue to deliver that positive operating leverage. And we kind of go at it in a number of different ways, rationalizing vendors, rationalizing locations, remixing our kind of headcount on how we hire. This year was our biggest campus class ever, double last year, and we continue to build on that. So there are a lot of things happening underneath the hood that give us a high degree of confidence that we'll be able to continue to bend the cost curve into 2024 and beyond.
Dermot McDonogh: Thanks for the question. So, look, this has been a journey for the last 15 months. We took a view at the beginning of last year that the Fed was going to hike quite significantly and we positioned the balance sheet in a way to do that. And so, when we kind of talk about deposit, I think it's very important to look at both sides of the balance sheet at the same time in terms of how we're positioned on the asset side. We have a lot of the balance sheet in cash which benefits from the higher interest rates. Our fixed rate securities are going to roll down over the next, a decent amount of the fixed securities, I think it's a quarter a year rolled down over the next couple of years. And that gets us a pick-up of 200 basis points to 300 basis points. And at the beginning of the year, we did forecast a kind of mid-single digit decline in deposits. And that kind of bottoms up analysis. And also, it's important to remember that clients of BNY Mellon are not just with us for deposits. They come into our ecosystem. And just remember, it's a $1.3 trillion cash ecosystem that we have and they come in for a variety of different reasons. It's a portfolio of businesses that give us our deposit makeup. So when we look at it at a portfolio level we get a lot of confidence around the stability of the deposit base. And look, there were a lot of gives and takes this year through the bank turmoil in March and the debt ceiling impasse which benefited us and that's kind of moderated and those deposits have left for higher yielding opportunities. But we feel like the summer slowdown, the seasonal slowdown that we experienced in August and the conversations that we have and talking to our deposit team, we feel very good about where we are on the deposit balance now and the pickup that's happened in September and October. And that kind of gives us the confidence to say here today that 20% NII is a good number, which I think should be good for you guys to know that we've been consistent in our approach over the whole year.
Dermot McDonogh: So the way I kind of think about that and the message that I would like to give you is, it gives a message of discipline, in that we've halved the growth rate, we're going towards 3% and within that 3% growth we've had the financial discipline to be able to self-fund a $0.5 billion of investments that we are confident that will deliver further efficiency in years ahead and revenue opportunities. So it's both kind of powering the top line and automating and driving further efficiency. And we look to continue to do that into the budget season this year and next year. And like this year, we doubled the efficiency saves that we have typically achieved in past years. And that's both bottoms up. I think we both mentioned it in our prepared remarks, the catalyst project that we were roughly 40% the way through and we're doing real work day in day out that is driving that expense growth down and is kind of delivering opportunities for us that we will harvest in the quarters to come.
Dermot McDonogh: So I don't really want to give guidance for next year today, Ken. We will do that in January. I got a lot of questions about that at Barclays as well. So I kind of feel good about the 20%. I feel good about the deposit pipeline that we have. We've talked on previous earning calls about our strategic pivot a couple of years ago where we centralized all our deposit businesses in one area. And so I feel very good about how we're managing the deposits, how we're pricing the deposits. You know, we're a little bit different to other institutions in that. We have -- our clients are sophisticated. So, cumulative betas are not materially changed from last quarter, they're in the 80% zip code and we've passed on the rates. So, I think it's important to note that there's no material pricing lag to catch up here. And so, we kind of feel the absolute level of deposits is pretty good. We feel very good about our outlook for the rest of the year, but look the world is very uncertain and who knows what comes tomorrow and for 2024 like we'll give you more detailed guidance in January, but I feel pretty good about where we are today.
Dermot McDonogh: We expect that to happen over several quarters, Ken. I think the important point, so it happened over both quarters. I think the second quarter was a little bit more than the third quarter, but we do expect that to work its way through over the next several quarters. I think the important point I'd leave you with on Pershing, in addition to the Wove developments, is the fact that we added $23 billion of net new assets in the quarter, and the underlying strength of the business and our ability to provide solutions to our clients in that space is really, really terrific to see.
Dermot McDonogh: So I'll take that one, Alex. Good morning. So I would say for the next quarter, no really change in the buyback. It's going to be consistent with the last couple of quarters. Going back to one of the three things that we said in January, buybacks was one of those and we committed to buying back 100% more of earnings, or returning 100% more of earnings to our shareholders over the course of the year, and we're on track to do that. I would say, as we look out on the world today, it's very different to where it was in January. You still have the kind of huge volatility in the rate environment. Like it was 100 basis points in Q3. The geopolitics are very uncertain at the moment. So -- and then last but not least, you've kind of got Basel 3 and advocacy and what's going to happen there. So there are a lot of things to be worried about. And at this stage, we'd rather be on the cautious end of things and see no real need to change our stance on buybacks in the short term. As it relates to your specific question, we have about $2.3 billion of unrealized losses in our AFS portfolio and we expect about a half of that to come back into capital over the next over the next 12 months. So from where we sit here today we continue to build capital, we feel very good about our capital position ratios are healthy, liquidity is healthy and at the right time we'd communicate a change in stance on that, but for now, steady as she goes.
Dermot McDonogh: So on the last question first, we don't really give specific guidance on the deconversions, but as I said on an earlier question, we feel the underlying strength of the business, you're always going to take your lumps and things that happened that you wouldn't expect to happen. And we feel we have the ability and the confidence and the people and the strategy and the products to earn our way out of that. So Pershing is a very strong business for us. It's in our most profitable segment, markets and wealth solutions, and we feel very good about the margin of that segment and of Pershing in particular. Just kind of double-clicking on your original question, there are many things that make up the fees that are coming into Pershing. They're transactional, which is kind of correlated to U.S. Exchange volumes, asset-based, based on equity market levels, and balance-based. And so, again, when you take the kind of portfolio approach that we have with our business and the different composition of the fees and then the amount of clients that were onboarding that kind of -- that leads you to a nice good fee outcome for the business overall. And so, look, Pershing is market leading, we're number one with broker dealers, we're very important to the RIA community, we have a lot of excitement in the marketplace around our Wove product. And so we have -- that's attracting new clients to our system as well as existing clients who are excited about that product. And that gives us belief that by adding to our existing platform new products, we'll be able to be a more meaningful player than we are today.
Dermot McDonogh: So I think I used the words modest in my prepared remarks for September off the seasonal lows and I also used the word inflection point with the puts and takes between the level of activity as a result of March and the debt ceiling impasse. We kind of feel we've kind of reached a more natural level for deposits. And if you kind of go back to the remarks in January, we kind of went -- decline in the deposit base of kind of mid-single digits from where we were at the beginning of the year. And so, that's really largely how it's played out with albeit a different zigzag to what we thought was going to be at the beginning of the year. And look, the important thing to walk away from the call with is, we feel confident with the outlook and the guidance that we're given today of 20%. And that's made up of a ton of different factors, both on the deposit side and on the repricing on the asset side. So we kind of think of the two as very joined up and interlinked and don't really want to get into specific numbers, but we feel pretty good about where we're at.
Dermot McDonogh: So I think it's a bit too early for me, Gerard, to kind of give you guidance for 2024 on that. But like I said earlier, we kind of feel we've reached a more kind of normalized level given what happened in March and then the debt ceiling and who kind of knows what's going to happen from here. But our balance sheet is positioned for higher, for longer. We have a lot of the balance sheet in cash. Our fixed income securities are going to roll off a quarter a year over the next few years, and the pick-up and yield from that is about 200 basis points to 300 basis points. So when we look at the balance sheet together, we kind of feel very good about our NII for the next while. January will be when we give you more detailed guidance for how we think about it for 2024, but our deposit base and how our clients are in the ecosystem. And look, if they're not with us for deposits, we want them to be in our DRIFAS money market fund complex and be kind of using our products and services. So we don't want to lose the cash, we can put the cash into other products. So I think we feel very good about where the deposit franchise is now. We feel very good about the pipeline of activity that's coming our way, but who knows? And we are prepared and risk managed to a higher for longer continued QT, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Dermot McDonogh: So look, the key feature of that business this quarter as it has been all of this year really has been the strength of our fixed income trading. You do have a little bit of fee capital gains in there as well, but it's predominantly the fixed income trading. So we feel very good about it in the overall kind of scheme of the quarter and the results. It's a small number in the big scheme of things, but we like what we have there.
Dermot McDonogh: So, I will give you two dimensions to that answer, Glenn. One is, we have a portfolio of businesses that attract both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. Corporate Trusts, Treasury Services, Asset Servicing, Clearance and Collateral management being the primary ones. They all have different characteristics about them and they do things in slightly different ways so it kind of gives you a portfolio effect so that you feel like you have a diversified deposit platform. I think that's important point number one. Important point number two is, how we manage and price the deposits. If you came to BNY Mellon three years ago, you would have all of those deposits in different lines of business. They would have all handled their clients separately, they would have all priced their deposits separately, and you would have ended up with suboptimal outcomes when you aggregate that up from the BNY Mellon’s standpoint. Now we've got global liquidity solutions, it's one team, interfaces with each of the line of the businesses, but we price consistently, we manage consistently, and we have a pipeline that we think of as one firm. I think you add all that together, you get the one BNY Mellon effect, you get the strategy effect, and you get the line of business effect. And that gives us confidence that we have a good handle on our deposit franchise and where we want to be from here.
Dermot McDonogh: So thanks for the question. I guess 75% of our book is dollars, roughly 10% euro, roughly 10% sterling, and the rest other. As it relates to betas, I kind of think about it in cumulative beta terms. The cumulative beta of our dollar book is around 80%, which I think I said earlier, and that hasn't materially changed quarter-over-quarter. Sterling and Euros are about 50%, 60% respectively, give or take a little bit. And so, we kind of feel as it relates to passing on the pricing, the clients that we have are sophisticated, largely passed on the prices as they come through. And it may grind a little bit higher from here, but overall we feel pretty good about where the book is, where it's priced. You may see some modest catch-ups and lags here or there, but overall we think it's where it should be given what's happened in the market.
Robin Vince: Ebrahim, I'd add just a couple of things to that. One, we've been very deliberate about not cutting our way to glory, but rather working the problem at a pretty fundamental level so that we can both manage our expenses for the necessary operating leverage, which we want to achieve, but also sowing the seeds for future efficiencies and future fee growth. And so, that's really the way in which we're thinking about it.
Robin Vince: Yeah, and Ken, I'll just add to that, just to draw your attention to really emphasize two things. Number one is, when we started off the year when we gave the guidance of 20% for NII growth over the course of the year. Clearly the year has turned out differently, but I think the power of the Global Equities Solutions team that we've put together has really been able to prove our ability to be agile in this space, sort of a little bit irrespective of the environment. I don't want to be complacent with that comment because clearly the world can change, but we saw a lot of things over the course of the first three quarters of the year. I think the team's done a very good job adapting to those and maintaining the consistency. And you'll remember Dermot’s comments earlier in the year, which, is we thought NIB's were hanging in a little higher than we would have expected them to be and we've always expected them essentially to come down to this level. It just happened a little later than we thought, but obviously we've been fine with that. And then the second comment is, remembering the inputs in terms of the diversification. Dermot said it earlier, but it really is critical to our deposits franchise. We've got the issuer services business with corporate trust, which drives on one set of inputs to their deposit algorithm. We've got a clearing and collateral management business, which has a different set of drivers. We've got our treasury services business, which has yet a different set of drivers. And of course, we have our asset servicing business as well. So that breadth and diversification just creates for different outcomes and I think you've seen that over the course of this year. So we're not sitting here today giving guidance for next year, but the fourth quarter NII is probably a pretty decent place to start as you think about the world.
Robin Vince: Sure, Mike. So look, this approach of de-siloing the company is clearly one of our critical pillars. And we put that under the heading of run the company better in terms of our internal conversations. And so, there are many things that we're doing. We're really looking at what is it that we do across the company where we have like capabilities. So we have some examples of that on the business side. A recent example is, we had institutional clearing and settlement that we actually did in our Pershing business, but we also have an institutional clearing product in our clearance and collateral management business. So we've moved the piece from Pershing into our clearance and collateral management business, so now it's all together. And I could give you five other examples that are just like that of us rearranging pieces on the business front end inside the company to be able to be more joined up in terms of how we approach clients. And so that is essentially truly making sure that we have consistent client-facing platforms in terms of how we're doing business. Then on the supporting side of the organization, and if you think about our company a little bit like a platforms business, we have all these world-leading platforms, the largest security lending company in the world, the largest collateral manager, the largest asset servicing custodian with AUC, etc, etc. What we hadn't done is adapted the way we run the company to actually look like that. So we've decided to adopt this more platforms like operating model where we're taking things that we in terms of the support that we provide for our businesses and reducing that duplication. So I'll give you an example on the call center side, we used to have seven call centers, those seven call centers were each essentially providing a service to their respective businesses. Now we're moving at the beginning but moving towards a single consistent contact center that can provide the service to all seven of those businesses and frankly do it in a better, cheaper way which is providing more capability to our clients. Even note the difference in the word call center versus contact center, because there's a client benefit associated with that. So look, we're at the beginning of this thing, but we think a platform's operating model is very fit for purpose for our company, and it should really simplify how we work, improve the client experience, and employ our employees. And we've got other proof points. We talked about deposits. Dermot was describing the better outcomes that we think we've had as a result of implementing global liquidity solutions. That is a consistent deposit approach across the company. We've got KYC as an example as well. We used to do KYC in each of our businesses. We're bringing that together to have a KYC platform. So there are a lot of proof points that we've got in various stages of development here in addition to the actual pilots that we did, specifically for a platform's operating model.
Robin Vince: So look we're committed to positive operating leverage over time. And I don't want my second year as CEO to be one where we have negative operating leverage. So we are focused on positive operating leverage next year. That's aggregate operating leverage to answer your question. And one of the reasons why we have confidence in that is because we've been investing on both the revenue side and on the expense side in the short, medium and long-term perspective. Dermot just went through a few things that we've done specifically for 2023, but the platform's conversation and the answer I just gave to you, that's an investment in medium and long-term efficiencies. And we haven't seen any of the benefit of that really yet. And the same thing's true on the revenue side. Some of the shorter term things that we've done are the enthusiasm around one BNY Mellon, the referrals that we've had across the business, we've talked about that in prior quarters, but now we're moving to the medium and longer term benefits which are really getting the benefit of our Chief Commercial Officer and her approach to operationalizing one BNY Mellon, that's a more medium-term opportunity. And then long-term, really harnessing the benefits of these product investments that we've made with things like Wove and buy-side trading. So we've been seeding on the revenue side and the expense side, short, medium, and long term, as we try to manage for this operating leverage over time.
Robin Vince: So look, CCM, Clearance and Collaborative Management, very big business for us. I would say a couple of things. A lot of volatility in the market this year, significant volumes, lots of treasury issuance. All of that is kind of helps that business. I think we continue to innovate as well internationally. And so, we spend a lot of time on the road with clients overseas because of our strength in the US, we feel that we have a lot of value to add in the international space. And so, we kind of look to build our international business from here. I think in the medium term we kind of still see that business continuing to grow given the level of treasury issuance and what's happening in the market. So we kind of feel good about the underlying growth. Also a lot of people might think of it as a kind of steady eddy type business, but I have to say the amount of innovation that we do under the hood in terms of serving our clients' needs with new solutions and how they can optimize their respective balance sheets and fund it on our platform is very, very pleasing to see. So we feel very good about the state of the business and the trajectory from here.
Robin Vince: And Brennan, I'll just add one thing. You used the term underlying momentum, I think, and it's very true in the business. If we had been on this call maybe a year ago, someone would probably have asked me, did I think that we could compete with the self-clearing changes that were going? I remember we had these conversations about the puts and takes of the various different flows in the market. Whereas this quarter, we announced Lincoln, who was self-clearing, joining our platform, because they just see the benefits of the economies of scale that we can provide, the capabilities that we have. And then, of course, with an eye to Wove and the opportunity to be able to really provide that advisor set of solutions in the same way as the classic Pershing platform provides the investor set of solutions. So we feel quite good about the feedback that we're getting. And remember as well that we have this relatively unconflicted business model in terms of the fact that we're not running our own large RIA sales force next to our business and we think that some of our clients really appreciate that.
Robin Vince: Yes, it's an important question, Rob. So the way that we have laid out be more for our clients internally is in a few different threads. So the first is delivering more to existing clients and you've heard from us before on this, so many of our clients have a single business relationship with us, a single product, single solution. And so we just have the opportunity, frankly, to have them be able to do more things with us by connecting the dots and offering more to our current clients. I'll give you a stylized example. So if you're an asset servicing client today, you probably do some securities lending with us. You may or may not do some foreign exchange with us. If you do those two products with us, why wouldn't you do some margin segregation with us? If you do margin segregation with us, you're in our collateral ecosystem, why wouldn't you do more collateral management with us? If you're in that ecosystem, you're starting to touch the cash ecosystem, and so why wouldn't you also be open to some of the cash liquidity related solutions we have? And if you're touching that, you're adjacent to Treasury Services, and so why wouldn't you also be interested in some of our treasury services products. And so that's exactly. The fact that we haven't done that is the ultimate manifestation of the problem with silos for a company like ours, because our businesses are pretty adjacent to each other. So that is a very important focus. It is the top priority of our new Chief Commercial Officer to really drive the operationalization of making all of that a reality as opposed to just a sort of an internal call to action in the company. The second thread is developing new products and connecting adjacent products so that, different than the first example, so that two things which are inextricably related to each other could potentially be sold as a solution. If you look elsewhere in the technology industry, there are often multiple pieces of software that are bundled into one aggregate solution which is actually what clients buy. We haven't done as much of that because our products have been strewn across the company in their respective silos. So being able to look more horizontally, we get to be able to gather up the products and think about the world a little bit more along the lines of solutions. And you've seen us do that with some of our asset servicing clients more recently, where we've done these bigger, more bundled deals, and there are more opportunities for that. And then the third opportunity is to just win more market share and brand new clients. Now to be fair, we do know a lot of the clients that are out there in the world, 90% plus of Fortune 100 companies, 97% of global banks. So that's not the biggest opportunity of all of them, but we want to be in the hunting business as well. And so we'll go find those clients that we don't currently do business with and actually engage them as well. So there are a lot of threads under that whole umbrella of being more for clients.
Robin Vince: So immediate payments are one of those disruption opportunities that don't come along that often in the overall ecosystem. And you have to remember that the US is actually less advanced in some respects in terms of the speed and the efficiency of payments versus some other large countries around the world. And so, we look at this as saying, well, we have a large installed client base that's pretty rooted in some of the classic payment methods. We are a large check clearer, we're a large payments provider. And we also have a pretty un-conflicted approach because we're not really in the credit card business which creates a little bit of fee disruption risk if you are in that business to embracing instant payments. And so, we identified this some years ago that this would be an opportunity that we would want to participate more in and that's exactly what we've been doing. So we've been live on the clearinghouse rails for a while. We're now live on the FedNow service. Those are essentially competitor instant payment services to each other. But now we are going to be focused, as I think the rest of the industry will be, on the network effect that's going to be required to really adopt these instant payment rails. And so, we're a provider to small and mid-sized banks, helping them to access the rails. We think there are a bunch of things that you can do with these new rails that you couldn't do with some of the old rails. Request for payment is a great example. The opportunity to really deliver e-billing, instant requests for payments that can be met with instant, perfectly timed payments. There's a lot of control there. There's also some security opportunities. Who wants to give their bank account and ABA number out and their credit card number out when you're dealing with various billing-based solutions. And so, operationalizing all of that with our clients is important. We just launched Bankify, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that allows consumers to be able to use these rails a little bit more efficiently. And so, look, it's early days in this disruption, and I don't want to call exactly how and when it's going to occur, but we feel over time, this is a good new technology, and as we do see more network effect, and these use cases start to go live, it provides a lot of client value. And so at the end of the day, I think that client value is going to win out and we want to help them to do that.
Robin Vince: And Gerard, I just add one point to that, when it comes to the rates markets, we've avoided trying to have a crystal ball on exactly what it is going to happen. We said we think resilience is a commercial attribute for us. You highlighted the benefit of that resilience that we saw earlier on in the year as clients really came to us as a safe refuge and obviously we're very happy to help them with that. But that also means that we have views about what might happen. We have views about how we position our balance sheet, but ultimately we are positioning to be able to deal with any of these eventualities. I was sat on a trading desk for the first 10 years of my career, and the current level of 10-year rate is kind of at the bottom end of the range over that period of time. So there's absolutely no reason why the curve can't move further from here. It's moved 100 basis points since mid-July at the 10-year point. And so, we are positioning ourselves to be able to be adaptable to however the world is going to unfold. And Dermott commented on that when it came to our capital ratios earlier on. Now there are some things that are played out exactly as we thought, other things that are played out a little differently. I think the Treasury has done a very good job in coordinating with the Fed as they have ramped up the issuance of bills in particular, and that has worked very gracefully with the roll down of essentially $1 trillion at this point of the RRP. So the interplay between reserves, between RRP, between the very high levels of issuance coming out of the treasury. These are all significant inputs, and our data shows us that there's actually been less foreign buying in the treasury market over the course of this year. And so there's going to be a supply and demand dynamic that's going to occur further out the curve, which I don't think anybody can predict, but you certainly have to be ready for the different ways that can play out.
Robin Vince: So let me deal with the first question. So I would say there is nothing really noticeable underneath the hood that is nuanced, that is different by different segments. Like if you think about asset servicing, our issuer services as a segment made up of three businesses, asset servicing, depository receipts, and corporate trust. Corporate trust as a business tends to attract a higher level of NIBs due to the nature of that business. Q3 would have been a seasonally quieter period for that business. Debt issuance activity was more muted. So that would explain a little bit of that. And asset servicing, let's just say how clients are behaving with us at the moment in the ecosystem, but I wouldn't really call anything out that is kind of noticeably different. And we kind of think about our deposits as one platform, kind of centrally managed under one roof, and that's how we kind of manage it.
Robin Vince: Thanks for the question, Jim. Look, we said on a couple of calls ago that, where the margin of that business is at the moment, we feel we have work to do, we're not happy with it. There are a bunch of things that have happened last year that are feeding into this year that have caused a kind of remixing by our clients out of active strategies into passive, which are lower fee paying, out of equities into fixed income. So there's rebalancing going on under the hood and we're kind of attacking it in a number of different ways. One being kind of getting after structural expense inefficiencies, and we've talked a lot about that today, and this segment is no different to that, so we're attacking it there. We're rolling out new products, and that's going to take time to build AUM, but do that in a first-class way. We kind of think organic growth will come on the back of that. Inside of BNY Mellon, we have a very kind of powerful distribution platform, So we're very focused on kind of really energizing the distribution platform to support our kind of boutique asset managers. And we've made some leadership changes there this year, and we're going to begin to see the fruits of that in the coming quarters. So we're kind of going after it in a number of different ways. And some of the asset management boutiques are performing very well and we're very happy with them and some of them have work to do and we're very focused on it and we're not sitting idle wishing it to happen. We're active in trying to make it happen.
Robin Vince: So I'll just start Mike with the way that you set up the initial part of the question. You're right, we are optimistic about the potential that we have in the company and the opportunities that our franchise and our businesses afford us. Now we haven't lived up to that potential, but the reason why you detect the optimism, I think, in the way that we talk about it is because we do have an inherent optimism that this is absolutely a doable proposition to unlock that potential. Now It's a ton of work as Dermot just said in answer to a different question, we're not going to wish our way there and maybe that's one of the things that we've really doubled down on now as a leadership team is that, we have to work the problem and we have to work the problem through all of these different angles in order to really be able to unlock the potential. And as I said in my prepared remarks, there's a cultural change that we need to creating the company to take what is otherwise been a great culture but take it to the next level, power it forward the really allows us to de-silo and operate more broadly across the board and you and I just talked about that a few minutes ago. We have to execute to get it done so of course that it follows from that really evolving the culture to de-silo and to move toward this platform mindset and getting things done in execution are critical to us unlocking our potential, then the biggest risks in the company in some respects from an internal point of view become not doing those things. So we are laser focused on doing those things, tracking those things, and as a leadership team really coming together to make sure that we're holding each other to account for the respective parts that everybody in the leadership team of the company plays in moving that forward. So that's the reason for the optimism, but also the reason for the constant humility associated with the fact that it's execution that's going to get the job done. Now in terms of the outside world, there's clearly a ton going on in the world. We've got geopolitical tensions through a continuum all the way to war in many regions of the world right now. We have all of the uncertainties still of rates and inflation in the economy here in the U.S. that creates uncertainties. There's the ever-present cyber risk, which we always take very seriously, and those things are always collectively on our minds. We don't pretend to predict exactly how things are going to occur. We try to prepare for them as best we possibly can, recognizing that that's what our clients need from us as we help them to adapt to this environment and that we manage through it. So that's sort of the way that I think about both the internal and external answer to your question.
Robin Vince: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for your interest in BNY Mellon today. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Marius and the IR team. Be well.
