Thomas Gibbons: Alex, I'll take that. This is Todd. I think if you look at the volume-related expenses with the business in the fourth quarter and you adjust that accordingly to what you would expect in the first quarter and knock the $50 million out of this, probably a reasonable base for us to get started. We do think there are some things in addition to that, and there were some seasonality to our business development expenses. We tend to have conferences in the fourth quarter. There tends to be a little more traveling that comes on donations and some of our marketing expenses. But I think that's probably a pretty good basis for us to start.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, that's more mix, Alex, than it is. So we're seeing an increase in sterling and euro, and sterling and euro rates are a little higher than the dollar rates. So all of that move, I would attribute to just the mix of deposits.
Thomas Gibbons: Let me start with the accretion. The way we've been looking at it, when we started this net of the assets that we sold back in the third quarter of 2009, the impact is probably in the ballpark of about $70 million, Alex, in the quarter. And your second question on fee waivers, the net impact to them for the fourth quarter was about flat to the third quarter. So we saw it peak in the first two quarters, and we've seen it come down. But if the Fed keeps rates where they are now, I don't think we're going to see any improvement from the waivers where they currently exist.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. And there is going to be a transition period and my understanding is that, that's the way that Washington and the regulators are thinking about Basel III versus Basel I. My impression is that the greatest emphasis is on Tier 1 under Basel I and Tier 1 common. But they'll be at least looking at Basel III as part of this process through the spring.
Thomas Gibbons: Raise the dividend or do anything else or -- so in other words, we would be above 7% otherwise, so we're saying including our anticipated actions. If they're approved, we'd be in the 7% range by the end of 2011.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, about half of that impact, Betsy, was related to comp, and I think the way to think about is that was the catch-up amount rather than the run rate amount.
Thomas Gibbons: I'll take a stab at that, Mike. I would say that a fair amount of the performance fees are, obviously, seasonal. So they were $77 million for the quarter, and you might -- we typically get some, but not at that level and other quarters during the course of the year. DRs were up quite a bit. So I would say those were probably the two heaviest seasonal actions that we saw. So I think you can put it into $100 million to $150 million.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, sure. I don't think anything has changed from what we have indicated previously, Mike. I think the good news is that the parties there are talking to each other on a direct basis, and I would suspect they'll work something out. But once again, if they don't, the role that we play here is basically ministerial. So right now, we're very comfortable with our position, and we don't really see this as being an issue.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I think in terms of working, I can't really speculate on how those negotiations are going because we really not a party to them. In terms of how it ultimately could play out, there is an extremely unlikely probability that we would ever end up in the servicing position. In the case of a default, we do take on a prudent man role, but we think that there are other much more reasonable outcomes than that.
Thomas Gibbons: Most likely, it wouldn't be in the interest of the holders of the bonds to try to move the servicer midstream like this. And most likely, we would probably increase our oversight of the servicer.
Thomas Gibbons: We're embedding zero mitigating actions in those assumptions. If you think through it, the biggest driver, like we said, is that $4 billion of securities. Well, we see about a 20% to 25% pay down annually in those securities anyway, so they naturally kind of burn off. If we wanted to take some other actions, there's a lot of other things that we could do, Howard. We just don't feel compelled to do it at this point.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, it would be a couple of things. First of all, the test is a Basel I test, and as you can see where we are, we perform extremely well. Number two, our business model does not rely on risk-weighted assets to generate income. So we can demonstrate a plan to have a very high Basel III ratio well before it goes into implementation comfortably, while taking actions.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, we're very comfortable with our loan portfolio. I mean, we've indicated that we would expect the provision to be zero to 20%. We've seen a very large decline in criticized assets over the course of the year. We've done, the team has done a great job cleaning it up, and we think we're in a very good position; the best we've been in many, many years.
Thomas Gibbons: Brian, I think that's a great way of looking at it. You can kind of think we're warehousing a lot of capital in that portfolio and if it makes more sense for us to do something with that capital versus holding it, we will, and that's exactly how we would look at it.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. We don't want to be forced to do something uneconomic. The portfolio does a nice job of hedging our interest rate risk as we've indicated in the past. It's got a high yield on it, and it's relatively safe because we've markets well below its current market value at this point in time. So if it makes more sense for us, like with anything, if we can deploy our capital more efficiently elsewhere, we'll do it.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, kind of the way I look at that, Brian, is there are two components and the core -- if you shift the investment portfolio, or those sub-investment grade securities out, there's a benefit to the credit side that's reasonably meaningful and it offsets about 2/3 of the impact of operational risks. So the net-net, that's probably about 10% or 15%.
Thomas Gibbons: The increased impact under Basel III versus Basel I. Operational risk for us will be higher than 15% total. It will probably be in the 20% to 25%, maybe even 30%.
Thomas Gibbons: I guess I'll take that one, too. I'm actually going to back up to the last point, too, Brian. Just I do want to make one comment here. We're talking about these Basel III capital models, and frankly, the Fed needs to approve your capital models, and none of these models have yet been approved for us or for anybody else that I'm aware of. So there's a lot of assumptions going into these. We think they're reasonable estimates, but there are a lot of assumptions. In terms of the run rate, this would be the first year if we didn't reinvest that I think we could go into a positive run rate, especially on the global footprint. So we are starting to see -- could be as high as say, 1% of our expenses, that we could reduce if we didn't reinvest some of that in our re-engineering efforts. It is our intent to reinvest a meaningful amount of that in our re-engineering efforts, and Bob, I don't know.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, the stress test was presented. It was tested around Basel I, and we also would have presented a plan on how we're going to ultimately meet Basel III. But all of the information that I have received, the regulators have been unequivocal that this test is a Basel I test.
Thomas Gibbons: It is. I mean, it's fair to consider it to be a bit of a discount. I think it's a little more than what they're actually looking at, though.
Thomas Gibbons: Historically, we've probably been in the 30% to 40% range, Gerard. That's probably a little bit high for a company like ours with some continued growth prospects and also the desire to do some buybacks as well. So I would suspect we'll be in the 20% to 30% range.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I don't think, this is a confidential exam. We're really not privy to disclose some of that information, Gerard.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, yes, I think the way to look at it is, it's about 20% to 25% per annum. So if you got 25%, you can figure we hit 50 basis points or roughly.
Thomas Gibbons: Tom, we don't know, and I would hope to hear sometime this spring. It's a complicated process. It was in '09. I'm sure it's still complicated, and we have a lot of regulators, and I'm sure it won't just be one that’ll have input, it'll be multiple inputs. So we may get fortunate, but I'll think of it in terms of the first half type event.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, let me explain to you what we did there. If you look at the quarter, we had a pop for a good part of the quarter of about $15 billion, Tom, in interest earning assets. It was really driven by our deposit base. There wasn't much we could do with that, but leave it in very short-term instruments or even at the Fed. On our $720 million, that earned us about $6 million. So we would have been at $714 million, and then if you net that out, you're right. The net interest margin would have been about 1.64%. And that's probably a pretty good basis to start pulling into next year.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, so if we're at $90 million -- I think we might even be in mid-90s off of that run rate. It’ll probably come off about 10% of that.
Thomas Gibbons: It can go on. Most of it's going to go away in three or four years, but it really depends on the performance of the underlying securities. So if they continue to do well, there could be more there.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, just as the prepayments come, as the maturities come down, we get prepayments and we get actual payments of principal. We will see the accretion come down as well.
Robert Kelly: Some of our other revenues are somewhat seasonal, and the Depositary Receipts tend to be strong in the fourth quarter as our performance is as well in Asset Management, but that's not a consideration.
Robert Kelly: I don't see a lot of complexity to it other than there's some moving parts as we slowly shift in and around the world from Basel I to Basel III. So given the quality of the assets we have, we don't have to hold much capital for credit risk. But we do have operational risk, and we do have a little bit of market risk, because of the nature of businesses for you. So we are increasingly thinking about where we're heading from a Basel III standpoint, and it looks like the world is going to read the Basel III, so you're looking at a minimum 7% ratio for Basel III and Tier 1 common, in theory, by the end of 2019, but I'm increasingly seeing a widening gap on how American financial institutions and banks think about that versus the Europeans. Whereas the Europeans want to do it through retained earnings and do it a little bit slower, it feels like the American banks want to do it a little bit faster. There's negative implications where we understand and going below 7% all the rules aren't written yet. So I think most of the banks are going to have to think of a ratio where they can get comfortable where it's somewhat higher than a 7% ratio that you start to drive some problems for yourselves potentially in terms of dividends and buybacks. So I don't know where that's heading yet, Betsy, because we have a lot to learn yet. Is it an 8% number? Maybe. And it's going to take us, I'm guessing a year or two before we really know all the rules. There's a ton of moving parts. What I do know is that if we're above 7% by the end of this year, we're going to be in, well, we already are in very good shape going into this new capital regime. I wish I could be more definitive for you, but I can't. But I would just focus on Basel III increasingly and ask a lot of questions about what are all the ins and outs on those rules over the next year or two.
Robert Kelly: I would say we're a little under 6%, and if we sold that $4 billion in assets, we'd be 8%. Again, it doesn't make economic sense the way Basel works for that, and we don't need the additional capital. So we're going to hold that portfolio because we like it and it's really in the money.
Robert Kelly: No, we would expect it will take some capital actions, and that's reflected in our estimates to be above 7%.
Robert Kelly: And I want to make sure that we're crystal clear on that capital discussion. We had assumed we'll be over 7%, that is with an increase and assuming that the Fed approves our increase in dividend and buybacks.
Robert Kelly: The other thing I'd add to it, Howard, is there aren't a lot of balance sheets out there that you could stress and see essentially almost no impact from a stress scenario. And when you're generating 20% to 25% of new equity every year, that's a lot of capital generation, unlike most of our peers, because we are a capital-light model. It's just fundamentally a different model than most banks that rely upon their balance sheets.
Robert Kelly: Yes, what I'd add to that, Brian, is we've been doing this for three or four years. We are constantly re-engineering how we conduct our business to drive efficiencies. To date, our re-engineering costs are higher than the savings. But of course, every year the savings get higher, so the run rate's higher. Frankly, we're going to continue investing in re-engineering, and I think that's the right thing to do for our businesses and for the shareholders. We have some big buckets that we have opportunities in, whether it's in our IT platforms or operational platforms in terms of reducing the number of systems we have. We still have too many locations around the world, and we tend to be in fairly expensive locations. In some cases, our procurement costs are too high. I could go on, but we're going to continue investing and I think there are more expense opportunities in our company to not only run more efficiently, but it also reduces risk and reduces complexity in our company. And all of those things were I think are attractive and important and frankly, I look to each one of our businesses, as well as staff areas to think every year about incrementally, what are they going to be doing to become more efficient than the prior year. And we don't just look at it in terms of the next quarter or the rest of the year. We look at it as a multiyear program, and we're becoming very disciplined about this, and we're going to continue this process.
Robert Kelly: These are good assets. And do remember that's $4 billion in assets and $4 billion in capital, which is kind of astonishing.
Robert Kelly: Well, it's a good point. Last year was quite exceptional in that we did four acquisitions really, and three of them had to do with sellers who were either distressed or wanted to raise capital reasonably quickly in our space. We have a lot of integration activity to get done this year, and we're going to be focused on that because we are pretty busy last year. The other reason was, and over the last year or two, we never really had an opportunity to raise dividend or buyback stock. So I would say that the combination of integration activity that we have underway, and now the new capital opportunity this year has kind of changed our priority year-over-year. And I, frankly, am not seeing any noticeable activity on the M&A front. Maybe others are, but certainly our team has not.
Robert Kelly: It's interesting, Ken, you did ask about, Gerald, custody and the pipeline activity. Maybe let's have Curtis just kind of talk to Asset Management and Wealth in terms of pipeline just for a second.
Robert Kelly: John, it's always difficult to predict the future and it easily is about people who want to divest versus people like us who occasionally want to buy. And I'm not, again, if you look out five years, I'm extremely confident that we can gain market share around the world. We just want to continue adding product and geography as we become more and more global, and we're very focused on that. Most of that activity is organic. Asia Pacific, it's -- really all of our opportunities are organic and we did a number of things that you're probably aware of last year in multiple countries in Asia Pacific to put in the seed capital required to start-up businesses that I think long term are going to be huge winners for our businesses and our shareholders. In Europe, I'm not getting any sense at this point that the bank managements were thinking about our space, either getting bigger in our space or even divesting. I think they're more focused on their core activities than the outlook for the European economy. We continue to invest in Brazil. But again, that's all organic. Long term, you can continue to think that this space will continue to consolidate around the world and the players with scale and multi-currency wide platforms, with multi-product that can produce a lot of solutions for clients as the world gets more complicated and more global, and global financial assets go up. But it's hard to predict the timing of it, John, quite frankly.
Robert Kelly: I continue to be pleasantly shocked at how well the BRICs are doing, particularly the BIC. And Asia Pacific and Brazil are just amazing stories, and the outlook in spite of -- you would expect some volatility at some point in those economies, but it continues to be an astonishingly good story. We're just going to continue to invest as long-term contributors to their societies and their financial markets. It sure feels like Asia Pacific and Brazil are going to grow at twice the rate at least of the U.S. economy, and it kind of feels, at least at this point, that at least in the next few years the U.S. economy will probably outperform the European economy by a bit. I love our business model and the opportunities around the world, and there's a few places that, a few locations around the world where we don't have all our businesses on the ground yet, and our distribution channels I think could be more effective over time as well. Working together and just having better relationships with major retailers and institutional players in some of these other countries. I have been pleasantly surprised over the last two years at how quickly the U.S. financial institutions have returned to health, wrote down assets on their balance sheet, built up capital very rapidly. We are seeing some signs of that in Europe as well, and I certainly feel more optimistic going into 2011 than I did in 2010. I do worry about sovereign risk issues in Europe, and I do worry about state and local governments here in the U.S. and I do worry about deficit. But slowly, slowly, slowly and steadily the economy is improving around the world, which I think is great.
Robert Kelly: We have talked about that a lot, John, and we at BNY Mellon, we love our platform, and it's basically two businesses: Asset Management and Securities Servicing. There's lots of synergies between them. There's lots of growth opportunities around the world, and it really does play to the long-term secular trends of a lot more financial assets around the planet and greater globalization as the economies continue to interlink with each other. This is a great play, and I can't think easily of a platform of our scale that can outperform us over time. Well, I think that's all the time we have for today. I wanted to thank you all for joining the call and of course if you have any questions, please make sure you get back to Andy and the IR team. And all the best for 2011. Thank you.
Gerald Hassell: Mike, it's Gerald Hassell. You have to remember about 60% of our assets under custody are fixed income, and with the long rates changing during the quarter, the value of those fixed income securities actually declined. So versus some of our peers may have a higher mix in equities, which would benefit from the market rise. So when you factor that in, we think we're right on line.
Gerald Hassell: Sure, Brian. It's Gerald. Yes, we're going through that process right now. There are certain elements that came with the acquisition that, for example, on the transfer agency, we're going to continue to use the existing transfer agency platform that PNC built out. We're winning some new business on that platform. Many parts of the acquisition have already been split into our three business units: Asset Servicing, our AIS, Alternative Investment Services and the third part went over to Pershing. We're going through the rationalization process of those platforms, and it's well underway. We feel very good about how the integration is going. In fact, about 10% of the new business that we've won in Asset Servicing came because of the fact that we had those increased capabilities from the GIS and BHF acquisitions. So we feel very good about how this is integrating.
Gerald Hassell: Sure. Tom, it's Gerald again, the pipeline and certainly in Asset Servicing has grown quite significantly from quarter-to-quarter, mainly from financial institutions looking to lower their cost base and outsource services. More than 50% of it comes from outside the U.S. The vast majority is financial institutions of one sort or another, including asset managers. So the pipeline has grown quite significantly. Time will tell how long it will take for them to make decisions. We still have about $500 billion of assets under custody to convert from prior wins. So we see some good momentum going into this year from both the pipeline and the conversions of business won.
Gerald Hassell: Ken, I might add that we feel very positive about our own organic growth capabilities and assets in Asset Servicing, but in our Asset Management and our other business units. And so I think it's -- we feel very good about the core organic growth and feel less of a need to turn to M&A.
Brian Bedell: Just to go back to the Basel III announcement, so if you had a 9.5% pro forma with the securities sale, I guess wouldn't that extra 2.5% give you a great deal of extra buyback capacity? And maybe just talk about how you think about 7% versus the 9.5% and the extra buyback capacity that you would have if you sold those securities.
Brian Bedell: You prefer to play it flexibly. If the Fed wants you to raise that you could just sell securities and then. . .
Brian Bedell: And just one last one, maybe on the PNC GIS platform, maybe if you could talk about what you're thinking, to what degree you'll migrate clients to that platform or actually reconstruct your mutual fund servicing platform between like BBK and GIS's.
Kenneth Usdin: Just a little more flesh out on the net interest income and net interest margin. Todd, you mentioned that the approximate accretion in the quarter was $70 million net. I was wondering if first, you can just give us the gross number compared to the. . .
Kenneth Usdin: And then how much is left in that? Like, so how many years of re-accretion is there left? And then does it -- I will let you answer that and then I will come back.
Kenneth Usdin: And then would you expect in the outyears it also continues to -- like is it kind of a descending amortization schedule, that if it's down 10%-ish off of the current run rate in '11, then it kind of also drips in the future? Or is it more steady-state until it. . .
