Emily Portney: Good morning, Brennan. And it's been great to work with all of you as well. So, if you think about the NIR outlook, the first thing I would just mention is that we use the forward curves to as a basis of our projection. So, we don't try to get cute. And as all of you know, for the Fed that assumes another 50 basis points of hikes in the first quarter, probably followed by a pause until the end of the year. The curves outside the US assume about 125 basis points to 150 basis points worth of hikes by both the BOE and the ECB. So, as a result of these curves and rising rates as well as, I would say, all of the actions that we've taken in the securities portfolio, and by that, I don't just mean the rebalancing that we did in December, but we, obviously, positioned the portfolio throughout the year, meaningfully shortening duration, adding floaters, et cetera, so with all of that, we do continue to expect to benefit from significantly higher reinvestment yields. Now tempering that a bit, we do expect deposits to decline modestly, call it, low to mid single digit from fourth quarter average. And finally, as it relates to marginal betas, we would expect them to continue to increase, but of course, more so for non-dollar balances. So that's really what's behind the 20% guide year-on-year. But I would also say there's a lot of uncertainty in the market and certainly, we're prepared for many different outcomes. It will be highly dependent upon deposit levels and there's some upside there if we retain more NIBs.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, assuming the portfolio doesn't change and forward rates are realized. The latest -- our latest forecast would expect to recover probably close to 50% of the $2.5 billion of unrealized loss in the AFS portfolio over the course of, call it, 15 to 18 months.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, just as we think about the fee outlook, what I would say is just our base case assumption is that there's a relatively soft landing in the U.S., so that would be average equity markets as well as fixed income markets are not that far off from what we've seen averages in 2022. You are correct that our money market platform does benefit that to a degree. Having said that, we do expect some modest runoff in balances as well in money market funds. And what I would also just highlight is that any strength in the fixed income market really does play to the strengths of our investment management business.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, a couple of comments there, and I think Robin will add on probably. So, just in terms of our sensitivity overall, our fee sensitivity to fixed income market. Just remember for every 5% or so gradual change in fixed income markets that impacts annual fee revenue to the tune of south $40 million. So that gives you some idea on how to size that. And then, certainly, as Robin pointed out earlier, we have many different businesses that ultimately would benefit from also strength in fixed income markets.
Emily Portney: So, deposit balances overall for the quarter were down very modestly as you can see. And most of that was a runoff in non-operational, but NIBs did and still are remaining at elevated levels. So just for what it's worth when we're talking about the trajectory for deposits in 2023, as I said before, we would expect average deposits to decline very modestly, call it, low single digit from fourth quarter averages. And you should expect and we are expecting the large majority of that to be from NIBs because they will probably revert back to about 20%, 25% of our total deposit balances as we've really seen in historical average.
Emily Portney: Yes, just a few things to add. So, as Robin alluded to in his prepared remarks, I mean, we are winning larger and higher-value deals, but we're also very focused on the profitability of the mandate and the relationship overall. And so that also means we're being more selective even in the RFPs that we participate in. Likewise, we're leaning into higher-growth areas like Alts and ETFs. 20% of the wins that we have seen or -- had a data component, and data is very critical, especially, in the forward trajectory to our clients. And I would say our pipeline is very strong. And the other thing, of course, as Robin mentioned, is we are very, very focused on driving the cost down across the Securities Services segment, inclusive of Asset Servicing for those businesses, which remain pretty manually intensive, so think Transfer Agency, think Fund Accounting. So, there's opportunity there for sure.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, look, we're obviously very involved with regulators in the industry around the conversations around Basel IV. It's true, of course, the introduction of operating or operational risk RWA into the standardized approach would, by itself, drive an increase in our standardized RWAs. When we crunch the numbers, our calcs suggest something a bit less than probably what you've seen for the GSIBs aggregate in the QIS. And there are also -- we do also expect there are going to be some offset for us. So, lower credit risk RWAs and also, we'll probably benefit modestly from the more risk-sensitive market -- the market -- the more risk-sensitive, excuse me, market framework. So, they'll be puts and takes. We'll have to wait, really, until the regulators release their proposed version. And we already -- and we do obviously -- for us, we're always looking at RWA optimization. You can actually see that RWAs came down in the quarter, again from optimization that we have been ongoing, that's ongoing and we've been doing. And I would just remind you, too, that the industry will have time to leg into whatever the results end up being.
Emily Portney: So, I'll kind of answer that more focused on margin for Securities Services because that's really what we've been talking about and a very critical KPI for us. So -- and I think Robin already said, we are very committed to a 30%-plus margin over the medium term. You'll see we printed in the fourth quarter, margin of about 27%, for the full year that was closer to 21%. In 2023, we will benefit somewhat from NIR. So, higher rates will be partially offset perhaps by a modest decline in NIBs. Also, we are absolutely extraordinarily focused on executing against the revenue growth as well as the efficiency initiatives that we have been talking about. When you think about Securities Services though, I'd also just mention, there's going to be some nonrecurring activity that we enjoyed in 2022 that we won't have in 2023 in Issuer Services in particular. So, kind of net-net, putting it all together, when you look at the margins for Securities Services overall, they're going to be lower than what we printed in Q4, but certainly higher than the full year level. So, we're making progress.
Emily Portney: Yes. So, I'm not going to kind of give too much detail on what we expect quarter-on-quarter. I mean, the only thing I would say just and all of you guys know this is that for the first quarter, staff expenses are typically a bit higher due to long-term incentive comp associated with retirement-eligible employees. And of course, the actions we're taking, they're front-loaded, but you'll see that over the course of the year. So, I think, I would just go back to, we are absolutely bending the cost curve. We are expecting to deliver and are very committed to deliver year-on-year growth of about 4%, 4.5% constant currency, and again, that compares to 8% in 2022.
Emily Portney: Great question. And frankly, there is a lot of uncertainty around that. So, look, more generally, as it relates to NIBs, I think -- we think it's -- they're high. They're probably elevated because of certainly some risk-off behavior. The other thing though that I'd really mention is that we've gotten a lot more sophisticated too in just how we manage our deposits and the tools with which we manage our deposits. So, I think there's something to that also as well. We do expect the NIBs to revert to about 20% to 25%, but you're right, I mean, to the extent they remain elevated, that is going to be very helpful and we will have upside to our NIR projection. And look, the only other thing I'd mention is that we've seen significant growth in, for example, Asset Servicing, Corporate Trust, et cetera, which actually those businesses attract NIBs.
Emily Portney: So, just as a reminder, and I think you've already alluded to it, the quality of our portfolio remains very high. So, weighted average rating is AA minus. Investment grade is over 90%. NPLs and delinquencies are stable. The only area that, of course, we're monitoring very closely is the CRE portion of the portfolio and the office segment, in particular. At the moment, occupancy and rent collections remain high, but it is an area that we're paying closer attention to.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, there's a lot in there. So, look, we've been very nimble and continue to be very nimble in terms of managing our portfolio. Bottom-line right now, we're positioned to benefit from higher rates, but I just call everyone's attention to the fact that the duration of our portfolio is the shortest it's been in recent memory, and more than 60% of the portfolio is in available-for-sale. So, we've really retained a lot of flexibility, and we can act very swiftly should the environment ultimately change. And as it relates to reinvestment yields, I guess it was in the second quarter, I believe, in 2022 that reinvestment rates began to exceed roll-off rates. The difference between the two has steadily expanded to about 250 basis points in the second quarter. And when you just think about how much of the portfolio resets at any moment in time, about 40%, as I said, of the securities, or you can see it, 40% of the securities portfolio is floating rate assets. And the duration of the fixed asset securities is about three years. So, you can kind of do the math there.
Emily Portney: Sure. I'll take that. So, we do expect deposit pricing to perform similarly on the way down as it did on the way up. So, we'll get the benefit, of course, because our -- we will get the benefit should rates suddenly start to come down of deposit costs also coming down very quickly. And likewise, I'll just remind you that to the extent that rates start to come down, then AOCI will pull to par faster.
Emily Portney: Yes. As I mentioned, the range of outcomes is very wide. So, it's really hard to predict the trajectory in any given quarter. It really is very dependent, probably most specifically on the deposit trajectory. And like I said, if NIBs remain elevated, there's upside there.
Robin Vince: Yes, Alex, I -- it's Robin. I would just add a couple of things to that. Just as you think across the breadth of our franchise, and Emily mentioned a couple of them, we have a lot of oars in the water on fixed income generally. So, our asset servicing business is fixed income heavy, that gives rise to a fixed income heavy, security lending business. We have a $1.3 trillion worth of cash on our investment platform. So that plays in the short end of the market, which obviously has an overlap with fixed income as well. We have our Dreyfus money market fund, which has done -- which has performed really quite well over the course of the year in terms of performance and asset gathering. We have our treasury business in terms of our clearance business. We have our treasury market repo business. So, we've got a lot of different opportunities that come from all of this, and we're obviously paying attention to all of them.
Robin Vince: So, you're right in that we're still working on it. I'm four-and-a-half months into my tenure. We've talked about the strategy reviews. They are ongoing. We've made some good progress. It's true on the business side. It's also true on the function and the support side as well, but we are focused. To your question on margin, we are focused on driving profitable growth which is top line, but with an eye to the bottom line and also just exuding expense discipline through doing the work. We think we've got a high-performing culture, but we continue to drive on things that relate to that. And I think when you look across revenue growth, pre-tax margins and ROTCE, you have the key metrics that we're really using. Now, we are considering a variety of different KPIs, and we look forward to giving you all more transparency on some of those KPIs as the year progresses. And so as we do the work, we're going to come talk to you about it.
Robin Vince: But Brian, let me just add something else. One of the things that -- we're a trust bank, we often get obviously compared to trust banks, and I understand why. But we have a broader portfolio that I think is quite relevant in answer to your question, particularly, and they happen to be higher growth, higher margin businesses for us. So, things like Pershing, things like Treasury Services, our Clearance business, our Collateral Management business, and those really do contribute to the underlying diversification that we have as a firm. And that portfolio helps us with the stability of underlying revenues through different market conditions because they're essentially driven by different things, and so we get a balance for that. Now, on top of that, we're, of course, thinking about how to make sure that we are increasing the mix of the types of revenues that we have as well. So, yes, we have fees. Yes, we have net -- NIR, but we're also powered by transaction volumes, and we're also powered by subscription fees. And so, the combination of these diversification of the businesses and the diversification of the types of revenue streams, we think helps us quite a bit in these different market conditions, and that's why you've seen us, in fact, perform in an effective and relatively stable way through some pretty significant gyrations.
Robin Vince: So, look, we've talked about the fact that these are medium-term initiatives, and they are. The contribution to revenues today from real-time payments is really small. But we do see this as rails of the future, and we see it as creating an opportunity for a connected set of services; think of fraud prevention and account validation and bill pay-related things. So, there's an ecosystem that builds around the actual capability. And we think that that's a significant opportunity for us. You've seen some announcements that we've made. But if I tick through very briefly, and I will try to be quick about it, but through each of our businesses. Look, in Pershing, we've had a strong year of net new asset growth. We talked about it in my prepared remarks. And we think that we'll have growth in the near-term through onboarding the pipeline, and then we've got the medium play of Pershing X. In Asset Servicing, we've been growing sales. And at the same time, we're leaning into the future with things like digital assets, and we're focusing on the expense base as well. So, again, it's something for the near term and for the medium term. In Markets, we're driving with foreign exchange and liquidity and securities lending, and then for the medium term, execution services and new products. In CCM, we expect the evolution that will come from the gradual decant of repo into tri-party, which we think we're well positioned for. In Treasury Services, we're picking up cross-border activity in terms of U.S. dollar clearing and we're playing for the longer term that I talked about with real-time payments. And so, across so many of our businesses, we've got opportunities in the near term, we're focused on executing them, and we're investing for later.
Robin Vince: Well, I'm going to start off on this one, but then I'm going to give it over to Emily because she is going in to run that business and knows it pretty well already from her prior time. But I think there are a variety of different opportunities for us. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're really elevating the conversation more into the C-suite of some of these firms, because gone really are the days where we're selling a small component of a service on an isolated basis, we see more opportunities to sell bundled deals with data and digital capabilities, all wrapped up in it. And that we see -- we are getting traction from that. We had a very significant new client that we announced earlier on in the year -- or last year, that is a good example of that type of package sale. So that's one thing. We also have the bottom-line focus. I want to continue to point you at the comments that we've made before that the margin in that business is not acceptable and that we will continue to invest both in the top-line, we'll benefit some from rates, and investing in making the cost of execution cheaper and more efficient in that business. So, it's really a package of all of the things. I don't know, Emily, if you want to add.
Robin Vince: So, Mike, without reflecting on the past in terms of what people have done and how they've done it, I'll just say that we acknowledge that the past decade has been disappointing in terms of our company's broad financial performance. You can look at some spots on the top-line, the bottom-line, expenses, we pick your spot, but we're not comfortable with the broad performance of the company over the past decade. And that's how we've talked to our Board about it, that's how we talk to our employees about it, and we're determined to change that. And so, you're hearing from us, I think, I hope, a determination around changing that outcome. Now to your question, let me take the two parts of the things that you've really talked about. So, first of all, the notable items. And so, we are very, very clear, and we do this in our earnings release and we do it in our prepared remarks, we talk GAAP first. So, you can see the reported numbers and it's very clear and you can judge us on that. But we also want to give you the transparency, and frankly, the insight into the way that we're running the company under the hood. And we think that's why that additional element of disclosure is helpful, but you'll make your judgment based on that transparency and the insights that we're trying to provide. Now, I own that 4% to 4.5% number, 4%, if use the exit rate of currency, 4.5% on a constant currency basis, and that's essentially half of what it was in 2022. And the environment, from an inflation point of view, isn't expected to get any better. We had inflation over the course of the past few months, CPI between 6%-and-change and 9%-and-change, we've still got that environment. But we've been very deliberate in terms of staffing, choices of things that we're going to do, choices of how we're going to do it. I talked in my prepared remarks about a variety of -- involving our employees in bending the cost curve, because I think it's a cultural thing for us as well. We're attacking it on all of those fronts. Now, once we've done all of those things to the implied question of what do we think the future holds, well, we don't want to stop there. We don't have line of sight to all of the things that we're going to do in the future, but we see opportunities. For instance, I'm just going to pick one and then I'll finish, which is on technology. We've invested a ton rightly so in resiliency as a company. Resiliency is incredibly important to our products and services. It's wrapped up in our brand, and we wanted to make sure that we really took ourselves to a better place than where we were five years ago. But now we've largely done that. It's a continuous journey. We always have to do stuff. But the next leg for us is investing in things like the applications, the digitization of our footprint. We're the world's largest custodian, but we've got more than one custody system. We've got multiple loan systems. We've got five different call centers, and so we're going in and seeing all of these opportunities. And then, over time, we'll do the work to resolve the issues. But we can't do it all at once, because otherwise, we'd spike on the expense base in order to solve the problems, and we only have finite bandwidth. So, we're working through it and we'll continue to work through it.
Robin Vince: Sure. So, I just want to make one comment about the four things that I mentioned and that you're quoting. Those aren't the only growth initiatives in the company. I pick them out because I think they're good and representative examples, but -- and they're different things, and they have different timelines associated with them as well. But there are other things that I haven't mentioned, at least haven't given great as much prominence to, but that could be very interesting to us over time. But specifically for digital assets, it's the longest-term play out of any of the things that we talked about. I expect it to be negligible from a revenue point of view over the course of the next couple of years, it might be negligible for the next five years. But as the world's largest custodian, we are in the business of looking after stuff. We look after $44 trillion worth of stuff. And if there's going to be new stuff to look after, we should be in the business of looking after it. If the way in which we look after stuff, which is the point about the technology changes, we have to adapt to that. And so, we're investing for a future that probably will come to be, but it may not. But if it does come to be, we have to be there. It would be like being the custodian of 50 years ago and sticking with paper and not adopting a computer. That's not going to be us. So, we're investing. We're being cautious. We're being deliberate. And we've got R&D in different parts of the company, and it's measured. But we do think it's important for us to participate in the broader digital asset space.
Robin Vince: Sure. So, from an overall fees point of view, we are focused on this internal growth. Forgetting about M&A or any of those other ways to grow, just the blocking and tackling and execution of what we think we can do in the company over the course of the year. We haven't given fee guidance because of the reasons that Emily alluded to, which is there are just so many things going on in the market. There are just too many puts and takes for that to be credible for us so that we are -- but we, of course, have our internal budget, and that's what we've been working through over the course of time. Look, you called out two businesses and those are businesses where we both -- where we think those are bright spots for growth. And so, we expect those to be above the average growth of the company. They're not the only ones that would be above the average, but they are two that would be, and we feel quite good about the prospects for a variety of the different underlying reasons that we've talked about already.
Robin Vince: Thank you, operator. I'd like to close today's call by thanking Emily for her time as our CFO and to congratulate her on taking up her new role, starting February 1 as the CEO of Asset Servicing, which as you know, is our largest business. Emily brings a set of experiences and relationships to this role that are going to be invaluable in driving profitable growth of our client franchise. And finally, I'd like to welcome Dermot McDonough, our next CFO, to the BNY Mellon team. He joined us in November, and he's hit the ground running. I know that you are all looking forward to his first earnings call with him in April. So, with that, I'd like to thank you for your interest in BNY Mellon. And if you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Marius and the IR team. Be well.
