Todd Gibbons: Yes, Ashley, let me say that – this is Todd, let me just say, first of all, that the $500 million was a number that we put out last year and we have been working hard to add to that total figure and this is a continuous process improvement. These are structural changes and not one-time events. And we do continue to see increasing opportunities and the number continues to get bigger. In terms of how much is adding to the bottom line versus what’s being reinvested into regulatory or other strategic platforms. I think the best way to look at that is to look at the increase in the operating margin. Some of that is that – the 377 basis points this quarter, some of that, on a year-over-year basis, some of that is related to the dollar, probably about 77 or so, so even on a constant currency basis were 300 basis points better. So that’s what you are seeing dropped to the bottom line.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, I think if you look at the average period, it’s probably a better way to look at it. You will see it’s relatively flat and actually cash at the Central Banks is down a little bit. So, we do get spikes from time to time on quarter ends. In fact, the period ends have been spiking by about $15 billion or $20 billion, but you could guess get noise there, but general, cash at other banks should be flat and Central Bank deposits is going to be down on a year-over-year basis as we put more in loans as well as in securities.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, there is a slight decline, Betsy in deposits since we initiated that strategy, but not much. We did up the charge for some of those deposits in the third quarter, late in the third quarter. And I would say just seeing a modest decline, if any.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. So, we did get to 4.80 on the quarter. We do accumulate even at 100% payout ratio, we accumulate somewhere between $600 million and $800 million a year in incremental capital from the amortization of intangibles as well as equity that’s issued for compensation plans. So if you take that into consideration that moves us up a bit over the next couple of years. We have also gone through – if we kind of look at our balance sheet through two lenses, one is in a zero rate environment and one is on normalizing rate environment that’s reflected in the forward curve. In the normalizing rate environment, as you know we would expect quite a bit of deposits to run off and we could probably comply in the normal course with the SLR with a pretty decent cushion. If it stays in a zero rate environment, we have got a team working together with investment services in the treasury group. And we have prioritized all of our balance sheet consumption and where we might either look at interest rates going even negative on interest rates to discourage deposits or in other words pushing off other SLR related activities. And we would hold as a kind of a last resort if it makes sense economically to issue preferreds.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. The consulting and legal expense did decline on a year-over-year basis a little. We are seeing some of the dividends from the lower litigation defense charges as well as lower consulting expenses related to a number of our strategic platforms. That was offset somewhat by higher consulting expenses related to some of the regulatory compliance efforts, especially around improving the qualitative process in our CCAR as well as the resolution recovery planning. So on a year-over-year basis I think it was down about $20 million.
Todd Gibbons: That is correct. Yes, it’s beyond that. A lot of it’s coming – obviously the biggest expense is in the staff expense and so that’s where most of it’s coming.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, I think, Alex it’s a little early in our planning process. We continue to identify through the business improvement process additional actions that we can take. We do anticipate as I had indicated in the fourth quarter, a bit of a pop on some of the regulatory cost as we further build out some of the compliance and risk functions. I would say it’s a little early to call it for next year, but we do see a number of continued opportunities and our goal is, as you will even see in this quarter, as the guidance that we gave for the fourth quarter is to keep things flat on a year-over-year basis. Depending on the revenue growth and where the revenue comes from, that could be more challenging.
Todd Gibbons: I think we also benefit from having the ability in the portal to be able to help our clients sweep cash into money market mutual funds, both our own and other providers. So, we can at least retain some of the distribution fees associated with it.
Todd Gibbons: Organic growth, global collateral services growth, broker dealer services growth, all contributed to asset servicing year-over-year improvement.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. In terms of the – and you are talking about the securities portfolio, our proprietary portfolio, it is up from last year at this time fairly substantially and we did get some yields out of it. Basically, we repositioned cash once we had a full understanding of the LCR and it was acknowledged that we could use to help the maturity account and still have an asset considered as a high-quality liquid asset. So, at that point in time, we took down inter-bank placements and we increased our securities, increased our duration for a little bit in the portfolio and also increased the yield. That’s been a little bit of change over the past couple of quarters, but we think that’s relatively stable and that’s why we are forecasting into the fourth quarter flat NIR relative to the third quarter. In terms of the MMDAs going down, I don’t know of course – I don’t see any impact to that degree at this point in time.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. So, index fees, as you know, are very low and the large majority of our index assets are institutional, so they are truly on the low end of the fee range. LDI has single-digit management fees, many of those mandates also have performance fees, so a lot of the performance fees that we are in actually come from LDI mandates. So, it’s – so, we have to think about it from a blended management and performance fee perspective. The only thing I would tell you is that when we take on an LDI mandate, we are frequently taking on a large majority of a client’s total portfolio. So, they maybe reducing their equity and other exposures that are managed by others and moving their portfolio, sometimes their whole portfolio to us in LDI. So, a lot of the LDI growth we have seen have been – where pension plans have either taken a portion, or again, in some cases, the large majority of their plan and moved it to us. Index assets are a pretty interesting flow dynamic to watch. They have a lot to do with just the overall exposure, some very large clients will have the used index products to get data exposure to equity markets and fixed income markets. And given the volatility you have seen the outflows we have had in equity index strategies that we have mentioned in the last quarter and I will say again this quarter, some of the flows in index are very large flows from single clients and so not really as connected to what we are seeing in LDI.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. Brian, this is Todd. I will take some of that, maybe I can turn it over to my colleagues as well. In terms of the financial impact, we did incur some incidentals as you might expect in the quarter and those ran through the numbers. And we did cover the related charges that are – some of our clients would have experienced and we did take that as a charge in the third quarter as well. In terms of any differences in making investors whole, we don’t see as we have gone through the reconciling process, we don’t see much in the way and there certainly could be some of that. And we have of course have reserved our right to include SunGard any recoveries that we will be looking to make. That’s about where we are financially.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. So Brennan, this is Todd again. It’s a very big number. And that may change as the regulators reconsider the standardized approach. But as there have been – the methodology is informed by external losses or losses at third parties and as there have been bigger and bigger losses, that gets filtered into our model and as a result, keeps driving up the risk weighted assets. So the number is about a – really probably a little over a third or right around a third of our total risk weighted assets in the advanced approach.
Todd Gibbons: And it was in the quarter that we on-boarded T. Rowe, Mike. So that was a substantial reason for the sequential – not having any material sequential impact.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. At this point, we have not identified any material increase in costs as a result of this. We did incur pretty meaningful cost in the third quarter, which we ran through the numbers. But we – there could be some to your point, but we don’t – at least we haven’t identified any that would be material.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. We are still in the investment stage of the strategic relationship. And as you know, we have on-boarded a couple hundred plus people in August, and we began to receive some revenue although as Gerald mentioned, it’s on the modest end. We will do the fund accounting conversion in 2016 and that will have the additional – providing more services and we will get some more revenue associated with it. And the final stage will be the middle office platform conversion, which I don’t have the timing directly in front of me, but let’s just say ‘17. And at the end of which, we expect to have a good strategic relationship that’s profitable and beneficial to both parties.
Todd Gibbons: Non-interest bearing deposits could be included in that, typically overseas. You can go either way. So about a third of our deposits are non-dollar and so of that, the majority are euro and so that would be the number that would be, at this point in time exposed to a fee. I mean, any other currencies like Swiss franc and the Danish currency, it’s a pretty small number that doesn’t even move the needle. So it’s really basically the euro where we are assessing anything of any size.
Todd Gibbons: We didn’t disclose the dollar amount, Gerard. But if you look at that number and you can see the sequential increase in other, most of that was related to – or a substantial part of that was related to SunGard matter.
Gerald Hassell: That’s a mouthful of questions. We are studying block chain technology quite intensely. It has some very, very positive attributes. Clearly, the whole idea of two sides showing up on a public ledger and being able to swap values instantaneously is very appealing. So we are looking at it and whether it can be deployed in some pilot programs we have internally. And therefore see how the technology can be used to improve our core operations, both on the clearance and settlement side. We have been trying to engineer our company for same day or real time settlement regardless. And so whether it’s through block chain or through other means, it’s something that we think about a whole lot. We do have some pilot programs going on in the payment space, I mean our treasury services area, where that’s the area most impacted at the moment by third-party technology companies are going after the payments. Typically, it’s the small payments, consumer payments, but anything that happens at the consumer level, we assume is going to happen at the institutional level. As it relates to clearance and tri-party directly, that is an extraordinarily complex operating platform with incredibly complex algorithms built into it. So, we are not naïve to think that technology can’t disrupt even that, but I think we feel pretty comfortable at the moment there. The last but not least, for a block chain to work, you need to have everybody on both sides, the buy side and the sell side, to show up simultaneously in volume to have it make sense. And so we are looking at some technologies on how it can be applied. So a lot of – there is a lot of room ahead of us before it’s fully implemented but we are studying it very carefully.
Gerald Hassell: Yes. Alex, I will take that. We do have a team working with our Treasury group and our Investment Services group at the U.S. client base. And making sure whatever deposits we do have from them are ideal operational deposits versus non-valuable deposits and experimenting with certain types of clients and client segments whether they can be priced differently than what they are today and either they pay for it or pay for the use of the balance sheet or they move the deposits somewhere else. And so we are doing it on a selected basis. We haven’t put through any charges yet, but we are having conversations with certain clients in certain client segments.
Gerald Hassell: And just broadly Brennan, we have been very proactive with our clients, making sure that they were – they have been covered in terms of their out of pockets or when they have went through a challenging week, so we wanted to make sure we were proactive in covering their costs and taking care of them. Investors, at the end of they day between the “machine generated NAVs” and the process, the protocol we followed at the time, was miniscule. So we felt good about the process that was employed. And so we are actively working with the clients, working with their fund boards, making sure that they fully understand what happened and how we recovered and why the system is stable and safe. So we are moving forward.
Gerald Hassell: Yes. Jim, that’s exactly what we intend to do. So I think you hit the point. We think we can probably downstream capital in a way that pumps up the capital at the bank over the capital at the holding company. There will be a little bit of cost of that, but it won’t be huge. So we don’t need to execute that right now.
Gerald Hassell: Yes. The CCAR, next year’s CCAR specifically excludes the SLR, so that will go into effect in 2017. But I think any prudent analysis, so this kind of get into the qualitative side of it. I think that we are going to have to demonstrate that we have a reasonable glide path and we have a way to get there. So I think that will be from a qualitative side, but it’s excluded from the actual quantitative side of next year’s CCAR.
Gerald Hassell: Okay. Well, thank you very much everyone for dialing in. We really appreciate it and your questions. If you have additional follow-up questions, please give Valerie Haertel a call. And again, we thank you for your participation and support.
Brian Shea: Yes, the asset servicing – it’s Brian Shea speaking. The asset servicing fees were up 3% year-over-year. It’s driven by a combination of global collateral services, broker dealer services and the core asset servicing fees, so pretty good performance overall. I think, from a T. Rowe Price perspective, we on-boarded the T. Rowe Price middle office team in August and we began to receive some revenue from middle office operational services from T. Rowe Price in August. We will be then – we will be moving towards a fund accounting conversion from their existing fund accounting platform to ours and then a new middle office platform in stages. And as we implement each stage, we expect to have additional revenue growth from each stage through the execution process. And importantly, we see this as a secular trend among investment managers who are looking for much more variable cost by share economies of scale services both from middle office services and technology platforms as well.
Brian Shea: Yes. So Mike assets – it’s Brian Shea, assets under custody most recently are up 1% year-over-year, flat sequentially as you mentioned. Currency and market values had a negative effect. If you had a constant currency and constant market, you would seem more like a 3% growth rate in our AUC/A which is pretty solid. And as you know, our focus is not exclusively on AUC/A growth or pure revenue growth or pure market share growth, but we have shifted our focus towards better profitability and creating more value for clients and shareholders. I guess, the best example of that which Gerald mentioned earlier is that we are repositioning our UK TA business and we are actively repositioning as a global institutional bundled service and reducing the focus on local UK retail TA. So, we are actually pushing AUC/A out in that environment, but we are going to improve our profitability in the process and that’s the goal.
Brian Shea: Sure, Mike. It’s Brian again. So I think you have heard us talking in the past about up pricing small accounts, raising minimums, enforcing minimums and etcetera. And we have done quite a bit of that over the past few years and made some progress for sure. But now, what’s happening is a slightly different thing, which is we formed a client pricing strategy group and the focus of it is to align the drivers of our costs and our client pricing to drive more rational behavior and to end with the clients. We believe there is a real opportunity to lower costs end to end with our clients in partnership and we are using pricing strategies and data to inform the clients in a way and to incent the clients to actually implement low cost behavior. So for example, we have online systems that clients can use, which are more efficient and to provide better service and yet clients are still faxing us things. So we are putting incentives in place to move towards the online systems and use the more rational service delivery, that actually lowers the client’s costs and make them more efficient as well. And so there is a series of things like that that we are working on and we will be consulting with our clients and trying to drive lower end to end cost with them in a rational way.
Brian Shea: Yes, it’s Brian Shea. So, we have been in constant communication with our clients throughout – especially the affected clients during the period of time that there was an impact. But actually, we have extended our outreach to clients to put this in context and to help them understand the details of – and had meetings and dialogues of well over a thousand clients to make sure that they understand what’s going on. I would say our clients have been working with us very closely and been very supportive and understanding during the incident and are getting tremendous amount of transparency from us and from SunGard around the actual incident. And what we are doing about it going forward in terms of ensuring our ability to deliver service on critical activities and have systems in place that are more reliable and more resilient both from a vendor management perspective and our own internal system. So we are using every opportunity here that we – to learn from this experience and to actually make us a more resilient, reliable partner. And I think our clients appreciate that and are getting very good insight from us about that. In terms of the financial perspective, I will let Todd...
