Todd Gibbons: Yes, I will take that, Gerard. So it’s Todd. I think it’s impressive how well the system did handle the huge increases in activity and there were there are couple of glitches but not many and for example clearing in collateral management business we went to a 100% work from home very early on and all of that worked quite smoothly and so we saw volumes increased 50% overnight but we had the technology and the capacity to manage it so I think I am pretty impressed across the board where we saw resiliency and disaster recovery plans that had to change a bit to typically a disaster recovery plan where we focus on a region but this was obviously global and so they moved to work from home was wherever it can be executed was executed so a couple of occasional glitches constant conversations between the counter parties as well as our client’s we had many thousands of conversations to make sure that we were connected that they knew how they could connect with us we although there was a lot of mobilization to the use of our portal and electronic means of communication which made things much simpler so I think it was an impressive reflection in the strength of our financial system and the infrastructure of it.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, I would add a little color, I mean in some of the businesses like clearing and collateral management. So as you think about our government clearing business that’s continuing to sustain itself at very high level, because the government is issuing a lot of debt and there is a lot of trading going on around that. The collateral management business is probably a little bit off from where we saw it at the peak, but I think secured lending will become more and more will continue to be important in the industry and we are likely to see growth there. But the very high volumes, for example, that we would have seen in Pershing, the transaction volumes are going to fallback to what we think more normalized levels, which they begun, we have begun to do we are seeing that in asset servicing to certain extent as well.
Todd Gibbons: And Ken, I will add a little bit to that. It’s important to note the difference between prime and government funds. So, the yield in prime funds is can certainly support the fees. Initially, there was avoidance of client funds. And we are starting to see some investors come back to them. So that could have an impact that would neutralize some of it. And Mike’s point is there is going to be enough yield in assets and government funds to generate the fees and the huge amount of issuance in T-bills has kind of surprised just a little bit and put a little bit of yield into that, but that can’t be certain that could come down again.
Todd Gibbons: Well, I take that one and then Mike can jump in. If you think about what happened in the ecosystem so when there was a lot of draws for example under these commitments around the country, a lot of that cash had to go somewhere, some of it was deposited back at banks, lot of it went into government funds. Initially, government funds had nowhere to invest. So, a lot of that ended up in the money-market funds where we were the custodians and we saw that big spike perhaps now as lot of that spike has normalized itself out as there are other alternative investments for those government funds. Some of those were our own money market funds and some of them were competitor money market funds. I think that’s the biggest most volatile component of the cash that we saw move.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. Yes, well why don’t I start? So, we did give guidance and might give guidance and we do expect expenses might be lower than they otherwise would have been. We think that having the human resources here is the right thing to do not only for them but also to position ourselves well to service our client’s through this kind of an environment trying to make any significant changes just wouldn’t be particularly prudent on our part that being said we are controlling other components of our costs we want to continue to make the investments in technology that can I am sure some of that will be delayed and could be somewhat different prioritization but we are going to keep it very close eye on our expenses we think we can do a little bit better than the guidance that we had previously given for a number of reasons and we are talking about a U shape type of recovery which means you do need those resources to continue to support our people in this kind of an environment.
Todd Gibbons: Yes we are committed to continue with the spend that we have gotten and that’s what we have indicated I am certain that a couple of things might end of being delayed a bit but I am not going to pull that out of our plans at this point time by any means.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. I think the first piece on the heading benefit so this is kind of really sort of simple we have interest rates swaps in the portfolio in the way they are valued every day sort of creates some basis risk between OIS and LIBOR. And really, all we're doing is sort of hedging that basic risk that’s created from the interest rate swaps and that impact for the quarter is based on where it all ends up on the day one day at the end of the quarter so there is really nothing else sort of happening there and you can kind of see the relative impact on the slide in the presentation so it is a hard thing to sort of predict in terms of where it is going to end up at the end of the quarter. As we sort of think about the securities portfolio I mean you can kind of see where rates are right now as you sort of think about both the fixed rate and the floating rate piece of the portfolio. And I think as we sort of look at our investments strategy going forward we are doing whatever we can try to get some yield out of it. And I think the reinvestment rates are down from what you saw obviously in the second quarter. But just a reminder, the overall duration of the portfolio just a couple of years, right, so we are not buying a lot of 30-year treasuries as we sort of think about this portfolio. And I think we are doing our best to try to keep that spread up as best as we can within the risk appetite we are in.
Mike Santomassino: Yes, sure Todd, I will take that. So I would say first as you sort of think about the reserve that we have built, a very small piece of it was due to individual either borrower downgrades or the incremental loans that we saw drawn and most of it was really reflective of the changing economic environments in the new accounting standard and as we sort of think about the outlook that was in there with the outlook takes into account multiple scenarios and we sort of use that changing environment sort of inform what we did and as you sort of look at it was a meaningful waiting towards a very prolong recessionary scenario that does not fully recover us until you get into 2021. So I think that’s the way I would sort of think about it.
Mike Santomassino: Yes, sorry – sorry about that. Yes, so Brennan, as you sort of think about it, as you know, the Fed moves pretty substantially in the latter or middle of March I guess. And we adjusted our pricing there and so you only saw really a couple of weeks of that sort of embedded in the first quarter averages. And so as you sort of look at full run-rate impact of that, it’s going be a pretty substantial increase down for the cost of interest bearing deposits. And so in the beta obviously changes as you sort of get close to zero, but I think you will see a pretty significant decline as you get down for the rest of the quarter.
Mike Santomassino: Yes, I think as you sort of think about what we saw as Todd mentioned in his script is the volumes we saw in the latter part of March were exceptional and they went from for lack of a better way to describe it sort of 0 to 100 overnight. And as we sort of look at what we are seeing post-quarter end, the volumes are still higher than they were before the search, but certainly off the peak that we have had in the latter part of March. And I think as you sort of look at the go forward expectation, it’s really hard to predict with a high degree of certainty how long they will stay elevated and come down to back to normal.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. Look, obviously, Betsy, as you know we are in the middle of CCAR. So we are not going to talk much about sort of what our capital plan looks like at this point. But as you sort of think about where given the increase in the balance sheet where we are most constrained right now is Tier 1 leverage. And I think as you sort of think about prospect that could be good depending on how long we have sort of remained constrained there that could be a good way to continue to – on that, I think we are going to continue to look at opportunities to either refi, press if that comes back into market and pricing comes back to where it was just 4, 5, 6 weeks ago. So, we are continuing to look at the capital stack and we will give you more once CCAR is done.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. Well, I think lower rates are going to impact all of our funding costs overall, right. And I think you are going to see that come through in the second quarter. So I think you will see that.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. I think I will try to give you a little bit of the things that we are sort of thinking about related to that, but so first and foremost, if we can have an impact on government funds first, right, as you sort of think about where yields are. And one of the variables that makes it pretty hard to estimate right now is just where T bill yields are. So over the last 3 weeks they have gone from negative to 20 plus basis points back down a bit now over the last day or so and so that’s going to be a big driver of when they start – when fee waiver start to kick in and that’s of them as well. So you sort of have to keep that in mind. And as you sort of think about the funds in our asset management business that may get impacted by it that maybe distributed through other parts of the company, some of those fee waivers would be offset by lower distribution expenses in those businesses. So you will see the fee waivers come through the fee line. And then you see distribution expenses lower as they start to impact those funds.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. We haven’t seen – so first, we haven’t really seen any impact on our most important investment. As you sort of look at the investment portfolio and you get deeper into the list, there is always opportunity to sort of reprioritize the timing of some of those things. And so we are doing that. You are going to see update the obvious, but you are going to see lower travel and business development costs that will be part of it. Although Todd said we are not going to have any restructuring or layoffs through the rest of the year. We were also putting a lot of discipline around new hires that we are bringing in during this environment so I think it is a multitude of factors that you highlighted that help us have the confidence to get there.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. Well first of all as I mentioned we are seeing a little of that so we are seeing a little bit of positive flows into the prime funds. But if you look at activity levels we would expect them to obviously come down from the surge that we saw towards the end of March but probably be elevated and again anything we see there is just so much uncertainty the environment and situation that we faced and it is really hard for us to look out long term until we get on the other side of this of the health crisis but that being said we wouldn’t expect to stay at the extraordinary high levels that we saw in March we see exception perhaps of our clearing and collateral management business just because there is going to be so much debt issuance but in the rest of our businesses the transaction volumes component of Pershing business the same thing in asset servicing we would expect that to moderate just about under any circumstances unless we just saw another couple of blips and more of what I call a see-saw activity that could take place over the remainder of the year.
Mike Santomassino: Yes I would say if you look at the organic growth especially around the deposits I mean we had we have seen some positive there obviously there were surge deposits that are just going to be associated with this interest rate environment and this financial environment but when we look at other businesses we have room to gain some market share I think we have done that in our payments business we had some good wins in the first quarter and our asset servicing business I would expect under this environment people are probably going to slow down making a whole lot of transitions we have got a healthy pipeline both in our asset servicing and Pershing business I am not sure a lot of people are going to make a whole lot of change we are seeing some new point complexes come on we were also seeing some being differed.
Mike Santomassino: Yes I mean not affected but the hedging activity is hard to predict because it's at a point of time at the end of the quarter so we are not making assumption in a way on that at this point
Mike Santomassino: And then I would just say probably more broadly outside of just Pershing, I think we are seeing the benefits of lot of the investments we have been making over the last couple of years. And I think clients are seeing that as well and though anecdotally we heard from a client that just we brought on to our middle office service late last year saying I am not sure how I could have done this without you and couldn’t have dealt with all of the increase in the volatility on my own. And so I think we are seeing that sentiment really across – more broadly across the client base.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. Mike, I as said earlier, we are using multiple, many scenarios to sort of go in sort of thinking about what the ultimate reserving looks like, but it’s a scenario where you don’t see a meaningful sort of uplift or doesn’t fully recover until you are into the middle of next year. So you start a recovery in the latter part of the year and it doesn’t fully recover until later in 2021. As I said earlier as well, only a small portion of the reserve is related to either actual borrower downgrades or the increase in the loan portfolio, the remainder of it is related to the changing economic environment and the way that flows through the new accounting standard.
Mike Santomassino: Yes I think the SLR change is sort of helpful that is out there but I think as you sort of look at our constrains balance sheets its been on Tier 1 leverage based on the overall size of the balance sheet and I think we have been able to sort of work through that with our client’s pretty effectively so far and as Todd said the environment normalizes a bit for the money funds and the rate environments sort of settle down we have seen those real surge balances come off and so our expectation as they normalize more is that the balance sheet will either sort of hold steady or sort of come down from where we are right now and so we feel like we can sort of walk through that pretty effectively with the current capital that we got.
