Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning guys. On the asset servicing business so wonder if you can detail a little bit more the flattish kind of results but you said you had some benefits from the broker-dealer business. Can you walk us through how did collateral management act and just out of the core asset servicing act? You mentioned some pending potential wins and not sure if you meant that those were converted as well. So just if we can get the flush out color on what you're seeing currently and what you're expecting out of the core asset servicing. Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Asset servicing. Didn't the broker dealer clients come in throughout the servicing are you saying they came in through clearing on the fee side? Somebody at the income statement.
Ken Usdin: I got it. Yes there's a little mixing matching there between business line and income statement I think that's where my question was a bit confusing but thanks for clearing that up Mike. And then okay so then separately just on the balance sheet the beta's can you talk about – you talked about that you expect them to move up from here, can you do it – would you still anticipate as long as LIBOR is moving the right way can the NIM expand from here or is it going to be more of a function of just what the mix is looking like every quarter because obviously there's pushes and pulls between the dollars and the NIM spread.
Charlie Scharf: Asset servicing revenue growth was 3% overall and when you look at it the underlying fee growth was reasonable we had net interest revenue growth and FX growth.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I'd add is just remembering the timing of the change in days doesn't always align with the timing of the re-pricing of our portfolio. Yes.
Charlie Scharf: Hey Alex, it's Charlie. Let me start with just some broad comments and then I'll hand it over to Mike. I think one of the interesting thing is that we have as we've gone through this rate cycle, as I think we all believe that we can be far more proactive as we do of our clients in understanding what's going on with deposits and being more proactive without attracting the kind of deposits that we would like to attract. I think its true and almost all the businesses that we have. So, I think the level of rigor that we have today about thinking about rates, thinking about conversations with clients, making our desires clear across asset servicing corporate trust, clearing some collateral management, treasury services, all of them. I think over a period of time, we feel absolutely like we could do a better job at attracting balances as opposed to having balances just be something that happens to us. That obviously takes some period of time but it's a very different kind of discussion today than we were having six or nine months ago here.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, this is Charlie. Listen, I think we have a fairly clear disclosures about what the litigation we have in progress. This one related to approaching conclusion for two of those items that were mentioned. So, we obviously have the remaining items to go. Some might get results sooner, much some other might go around for a long time but they were known cases that moved along I would say quicker than we probably would have thought a couple of months ago and that's what happens when you have settlement discussions in there are other things going on with others in the industry as well.
Charlie Scharf: And this is Charlie. I just want to just maybe just make a couple of comments about revenue growth look beyond next quarter. So, I think first, I guess the way I would characterize it is I think when you just think I mean look at the businesses and the way they're performing today and our expectations for opportunities are. Within the investment services business which produce 3% revenue growth this quarter in total, asset servicing was 3% growth. When we sit here and think about the opportunities that sit in front of us versus the pressures, we think there are more opportunities than there are pressures. We think whatever pressures exist will continue but we have opportunities to grow that business faster than we have. And as I've said that is a long cycle of business from the sales perspective and it takes time but we feel very good about our position in the opportunities. Pershing, we've talked about multiple times, we have these, we have two specific losses that we've known about for a long time, it effects the numbers in the short term, we know we have a series of winds that were in the process of on boarding which take a long time to do the work. We have the expenses embedded in our results or at least a big part of it to do that, we have no revenues from it, we know they're coming but more importantly we love our position in the business. We believe we got significant opportunity in the RIA space. And so, again we're not going to put timeframes around it necessarily but relative to the quality of the business and the opportunity we think it's significant. Issue or services space, corporate trust, that is one where you start to see progress more quickly and that's a little bit lock intact going its better technology, it's a better Salesforce, that's better organized, leveraging the relationships across the franchise and we're starting to see that impact. DRs as we said very seasonal quarter-to-quarter, lot of volatility year-over-year I think the numbers will be pretty strong relative to what we saw last year. Treasury services, new leader meaningful opportunity for us in a much more significant way than we've had in the past. And I put wealth management in that category as well. So, I just think I know obviously there is lot of focus on quarter-by-quarter, I say this consistently hard to move these businesses in a single quarter. But as we think about what the opportunities are given the market positions that we have and the type of people that we're bringing in with the ideas that we have. It's we certainly feel good about the opportunity, it's just going to take some time.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I think middle office is it's complicated as you all know. It's complicated because there's no one middle office solution out in the market place. Historically, they've been very bespoke. Generally more complicated than people think when you decide to take something on. And so, I'm not sure when you look at the profitability across the industry the idea of we don’t look to middle office to be a gigantic profit contributor to the company. Having said that, it is a very it’s a paying point for our clients. We think over a period of time we can't help build scale which means we have to create some more consistency in the industry. And if we can do that for clients that gives you the opportunity to talk more broadly about other pieces to the equation. So, that's something that we are interested in doing. It has four more important deeper relations for us. And so, we'll continue to do that. Longer term more broadly, we all as an industry there's opportunities to figure out how do simplify middle office dramatically and that's something that we're equally focused on over the much longer term. But in the short term, it is an opportunity for us to help our clients.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. Obviously it's a hard question to answer where are we. I think and I tried to in my remarks talk about the way you feel if you're inside the company to get to that point. I think this is a company of 53,000 people that's done certain things a certain way and it takes time. And when I takes time, I don’t think it's a question of winning the hearts and minds of people here. I think as I said before it's a very objective group of people that come in genuinely every day and want to do a better job for the clients which ultimately should translate to better result for ourselves. It's a question of what does that mean, how do we operate, do we have enough people role-modeling behaviors and things like that. And so, if I had to say where we were, I would probably in the earlier innings rather than the later innings but I also feel like if you were to talk to people inside the company we've been here, they would say I hope I think they would say it's fairly substantially different. We have I think and I've seen this in my prior lives I think this question of bring accountant from the outside, it is a question of balance. And I really genuinely mean this, I've said this in my remarks, we have great subject matter expertise here. As I've said we've got people that deeply care about clients but you can't be two inwardly focused in an environment which is changing dramatically around you. And so, the idea of bringing in people that have just been at different companies that think about the businesses differently, operate with a different sense of urgency than we've operated in the past had experienced a growing businesses. Those are all additive to the discussion when you're sitting around the table along with that consistency. So, you will not and I had say call individuals out because it puts a lot of pressure on them and also it's a little bit unfair on everyone else. But I mention Paul Camp who joined us to run treasury services. We have a strong treasury services business today which is high quality. But we think that we can do much more than has been done with it. I think if you were to talk to people inside the company what has Paul brought to it in the short time he's been here, you walk into a meeting with Paul and you got energy, you got excitement, he has huge respect for what's been built here in treasury services but then will talk about all the opportunities in front of us both in terms of how we organize, in terms of where we want to get more aggressive, in terms of kind of products we need to build. So, it's just it should be a shot in the arm for business or areas that complement the great talent that we have here. So, this is not a question of replacing every job with someone on the outside but and I -- we don’t usually go out and call out peoples name specifically but this it's a substantial list of people in very senior jobs which we think will be very important not just in their areas but helping shape the mind-set of what growth means. Now, I said this before, growth has not, we just don’t come in one day and decide okay we want to grow today. So, let's just tell everyone and make it happen. Growth is about teaching how to go about doing that, it's you need to think about do you have people in place that actually can think about the strengths of the organization, what products we should be building, how we should work more closely across the organization. Do we have the right product set, do we have the right people in product development, are we incenting people properly for it. I mean, the list goes on and on. And so, having some people that have done that before that think that way, helping role model those behaviors for people here that are very open minded about it. I hope over a period of time it just continues to build on the transformation that's in progress here. I hope that was helpful.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. So, I think -- and thank you for the question. Because we do get a lot of questions from people saying well we've done a good job of controlling expenses over a period of time, is there more to go. I personally think there is a lot more to go and it's not because we've done a bad job, it's because it's like peeling an onion back. The more you peel the onion back, you start to see the next layer. And I think that's what we're experiencing. And it's the short term and its long term. It is tactical and it's structural. Examples: we've done a very good job here if you look at real-estate costs. If you look at what's driven our ability become more efficient over the past four years or so, a lot of it's been driven by being smarter about consolidating and moving the lower cost locations. Having said that, we still have more we can do. We've highlighted the fact that we relocated corporate headquarters. The building where we're sitting in now which is our corporate headquarters, we probably have 3000 on grounding, 3000 or so people in it at the beginning of the year. We got out of 325,000 square feet couple of blocks away. Some of us are here, the rest will be here by November. We're going to get paid call it forget about the accounting for a second, we're going to get $15 million to $20 million a year by someone to sublet that space. We have 3800 or so people in it by the end of the year. We think we can get 5000 to 6000 people in this building. And by the way, again we can go back historically and so and it's not as if that wasn’t happening but as these things happen you get more and more clarity and more and more opportunity. We think about how we manage the company. I many, pretty basic things; layers in the company. When you think about and then think about the layers between me and the most junior people inside the company. And across the company consistently it's 10 to an 11; which is far more than I've experienced in other organizations; average spends of controls. And then you go through some of the more structural things and we just think about the physical manual work that we do that should be automated. And so, as we think and as we think about this, we're focused on really two different dimensions. 1) In the short term, we are going to spend more money on technology. That is the livelihood of who we are; we need to do it; we need to improve our basic operating infrastructure; and we need to build products and capabilities for the future. That will take more to do. And so, we need to continue to drive these efficiencies in the shorter term, not because we needed to fund that stuff but because it will fund that stuff. And as you walk around the place, it becomes more obvious what these things are. At the same time, over the longer term, we do need to build capabilities that allow us to become much more structurally efficient, those are multi-year projects that relate towards automating tasks that are manual today using technology and things like that. So, as we look over in a multi-year period, it's something that we think is there's still plenty of opportunity left.
Charlie Scharf: I think we said last time that we're highly we are -- our constraint is our model, not the Federal Reserve's models. It's something we've been and continue to be highly focused on. And if we got something to say, we'll say it.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, so I think so let me sort of dig in a little bit Ken for you. So obviously I will just pick it apart so tell me if I miss something but for the new clients that Charlie referenced that we on-boarded very little revenue in the quarter from them so far. So you'll start to see that kick in as you look forward. So that didn't contribute much to this quarter. I think for the where you'll see the new JP Morgan, the clients that converted over from JP Morgan that'll be in the clearance and collateral business line in our release and as you sort of think about the asset service seeing fee line as Charlie said when you sort of dig into the underlying businesses both an asset servicing and clearance and collateral we saw some reasonable growth involved quarter-to-quarter.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, I think on NIM Ken, I don't know that you can expect it's always going to be a straight line up right, but I think you sort of look at the various components of it that where we're sort of our biggest driver as you know well is sort of how we were reinvesting in securities portfolio and those deals continue to sort of move up each quarter. So, all the we're seeing probably a 15 basis points sort of increase and sort of pay downs versus where we're reinvesting their votes. So, maybe a little more little less depending on an average depending on sort of where you are. So, I think you can see the NIM sort of grind up over time but I don’t know that you can always expect it to be sort of a straight line up every quarter. And I think when it goes to LIBOR, as we said in sort of my commentary, we're sort of expecting LIBOR to be slightly above, call it a few basis points above what you see one and three months today and that all sort of give you the result of which sort of highlighted in the release.
Mike Santomassimo: And I would, I'll add a few things. So, I'll just add and as we sort of grow the underlying client franchise, that's going to bring deposits with us. So, that's another piece where you will see some grow overtime. I think, as you sort of think about the non-interest bearing deposits in the percentage of the total, I think we've been pretty consistent over the last couple of years that we seem to add that percentage will sort of grind down. But it's been it bumps around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, a little lower last quarter to a little 29%. This quarter you can see that from the release. I will though just remind you a little bit about the nature of our deposit base. We don’t just close non-interest bearing by line of business but when you sort of what we showed at the Investor Day was about half of our deposits in total are from asset servicing. And the rest the next biggest pieces are corporate trust and treasury services. When you look at the non-interest bearing components of it, the percentage that come from the asset servicing business, that sort of traditional asset managers hedge fund private equity, the whole mix is far less than 50%. So, the other pieces of the puzzle namely corporate trust and trading services drive the bigger piece of the overall non-interest bearing for us. So, that should sort of needs to be factored in and so sort of think about the trajectory of them over time.
Mike Santomassimo: I mean, the third quarter typically is a little bit slower than the second quarter but so there's nothing there's no underlying trend there at all.
Mike Santomassimo: Now, hi Brennan. I think that where you have earnings credits which is a pretty normal thing to do for some businesses has really focused on our Treasury Services business. You don’t see earnings credits at any or not really prevalent than the other businesses. And so, that's how which is a pretty consistent way that us and others provide value for some of those client deposits in treasury services.
Mike Santomassimo: I think you do. But the -- so, I think it's sort of highlighted in my commentary, Brennan. So, it's really the wholesale funding which is a very small piece of our overall funding mix, drives some of that surface level sort of a calc that you've got there. So, when you dig underneath that though, it's what I refer to the 80% to 80% low 80% range, low to mid-80% range, which again I'll say is very consistent with what we're seeing and hearing from clients across in markets.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look Steven, its Mike. Like you were referring at some guidance that was provided I think back in 2014. It's a lot obviously has evolved since then. But I think when you think about wholesale deposits more generally, they are definitely correlated to what you're seeing in excess reserves as a fed. And so, as that sort of grinds down, you're going to see liquidity come out of the system. And that all that's equal potentially drives deposits continues to drive deposits down a bit. But as Charlie mentioned, I think we think there's an opportunity to be more proactive, smarter, about how we sort of go after the opportunity with our clients as well as sort of the impact more how this sort of grow line franchise. So, I don’t think you can just take the fed QV online is sort of let's think it about it in a linear way as you think about our deposit base.
Mike Santomassimo: We're not going to predict it at this point. Obviously time will tell but I think we feel like we could a better job at gathering deposits in any environment whether it's in an environment with the effects of the unwinding of QV rising performing rates, any of the above, how those two interact, we'll have to see.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, like I think would -- hey Mike its Mike. I think we said I think at one point a year or two ago, like that it's you can't think about it just based on what's happening in the market. The asset servicing fee line I think what we've said a while ago, let's call it 25% or 30% of it's influenced by overall market levels or the -- and that will sort of move up and down. But you've got impacts from transaction volumes that go through there and a whole series of other little factors that may drive it sequentially in a quarter or two, quarter-to-quarter.
Mike Santomassimo: Okay. I'll try to pick that and maybe hopefully that go all your pieces Brian. Thanks for the question. As you sort of think about PRs, these events that cause bigger fees in any given quarter or not in our control, so it's sort of corporate rigor or dividends, splits, things like that. And so, I think coincidentally a bunch of that stuff historically happened in the third quarter. And there's a couple of items that got pushed out of the third quarter and the future quarter. So, whether it happens in the fourth quarter or in a quarter or two, I think that will be dependent upon the clients finalizing their activities. And so, you will sort of see that come through. But there are one or two of those as Charlie sort of mentioned. As you sort of think about Pershing on a go forth basis, I think you saw over the last two quarters that things sort of stabilize post the client losses. We did highlight last year that there were some termination fees related to the losses in the fourth quarter. So, that will have a bit of a impact on the sequential results. But overall, we're seeing good activity in that business, pretty consistent and pretty consistent activity in that business over the last number of months. Then I think those are the items --.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. So, we did finish the conversion of JPMorgan clients into the business, probably a later part of the third quarter. So, you will see a little bit of an uptick as we go into the fourth quarter, so you'll see that in the run rate as we go.
Mike Santomassimo: Brian, its Mike. We haven’t said that that's sort of the historical average. I mean, I think that's the experience over the last few years. But as you point out that number was lower or sort of in history. A lot sort of changed since then in terms of the business stakes and stuff so. So, like I think we would stay with sort of what we've been saying consistently right is that they're going to bounce around quarter-to-quarter but we think that number will sort of grind down a little bit over time. Where it bottoms out we'll see.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I think when you look at our business, I mean it's hard to put it altogether and think about it as one. We have Walter Scott which is an active asset management company in the equity space which over a period of time with differing performance levels inside the market should differentiate us presumably more in difficult markets than in very strong markets. It is they're long term holders, not focused on the technology sector, have a great track record and so again depending on what happen in the markets over a period of time, you should see stronger performance there. In our asset manager here in the U.S. we're going through a restructuring as you know of combining the three into one called Mellon. We've been pretty clear that our performance historically hasn’t been great. We are strategically making a significant change and putting serious capabilities there to create a multi-stat asset manager which we have to prove to the market is more attractive than the separately managed firms that didn’t have the appropriate scale inside the market. And so, that hopefully over the next year or so we'll start to see more progress there. So, it's some again they're all very different that have different drivers to them but I can assure you when we think about each one we're focused on driving improved performance in each of them but that two will take time just given the nature of the business.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. Just actually wanted to follow up on that last point in question on the non-interest bearers and like there was thanks for enlightening us all of the different business mix which definitely leads to a larger portion and non-interest -- deposits.
Brennan Hawken: In the past we've heard that there were certain economic incentives provided to clients such as fee credits on some of those non-interest bearers. But that explanation was under the prior management team. So, kind of curious whether you all have sustained some of those incentives or whether the approach to those deposits has changed at all under your guy's plans and your approach.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that. And then, thinking about the portion of deposits that are in U.S. dollar, is it still around 70% for you all and if so was there just some kind of noise in the deposit cost this quarter or catch-up or what have you that worked out to about the 80% deposit beta that you referenced Mike earlier. Because when I do the math, I get to a number that's a bit higher than that. So, just curious whether I need to make some adjustments to my calc.
Brennan Hawken: Great, thanks. Well, I'll follow-up offline for some of the details on that wholesale funding adjustment. Thank you.
