Mitchell Evan Harris: Brennan, this is Mitchell. A couple things. The outflow, as Todd mentioned, it was really one client. If you could look underneath that the annualized revenues quarter-to-quarter continue to be positive. The pipeline is as strong as it’s ever been and it did have $26 billion in inflows over the whole year. I don’t see Blackrock coming up in a lot of bake-offs. Most of our biz that says you might know is not in the US on LDI. It’s outside the US. It’s UK, it’s Europe, it’s common law areas, Australia and alike. We are just starting to move into the US and I think we’ll have some momentum there. So a lot of the momentum you are seeing is really non-US LDI business. I think it will continue to build in Europe as interest rates are moving up a little bit and I think with our move into the US, we probably will see Blackrock more in a bake-off spot. The strategies are quite different and I think we’ll do very well. So, performance is good. The outlook for LDI is strong. I am as buoyant as I’ve ever been about the LDI business and our ability to continue to compete with it. 
Mitchell Evan Harris: Hi, this is Mitchell. I think that, what we were saying is, short-term performance was negatively impacted by the US election as the equities rallied and sectors like financials took off. We were positioned in the first three quarters really more for slower growth which we significantly benefited by. We are not changing our overall position. We don’t react to specific events, but we do see that overall performance is good. It was a one quarter related issue overall performance is actually still very strong. As just an example on a one year basis, six of our ten top strategies by revenues are still in the top two quartiles and even stronger on a three year basis. So performance on a long-term basis is strong. But some of our strategies were quote out as the change in market sentiment given the election. I don’t think it’s going to impact overall momentum given our one, three, and five year performance is actually very strong and I think we are positioned fine for the New Year.
Mitchell Evan Harris: There are always efficiencies that we are looking at from the model. Anything we could do at leverage and scale were continuing to push through anything we can do with the company more broadly, Brian's group on ops and tech where we are looking to do when we think there is more particularly on the ops and tech side. And there is always tweaks as the markets change where we can continue to leverage the organization and we’ll continue to do so. 
Mitchell Evan Harris: Brian has mentioned in the past that asset managers in general, be it a multi-boutique or any model need to focus more on their core competency which is asset management and other things that are not directly related to the investment process. We want to give to third-party providers. In our case, third-party provider is in-house and we will continue to do that.
Gerald Hassell: Yes, that would be about where we are and so we are following it very carefully. We are not seeing any significant change, but it’s probably declined slightly from year end.
Gerald Hassell: Sure. The – for the quarter, this isn’t for the full year, but for the quarter, we saw operating revenue growth of about 2%. I think the impact of currency and it was most significantly in our investment management business was about 200 basis points negatively. So, we would have seen operating revenue growth of about 4%. And on the expense side, it was also good for about 200 – little over 200 basis points. So we saw a negative, it would have been probably flat to slightly up on expenses and so we had recorded on an operating basis, 350 basis points or so of positive operating leverage. It probably would have been about 100 basis points less. So around 250. As we look at the full year, the numbers are not quite so impactful, so still about 2% on revenue, close to zero on expenses and our 280 basis points of positive operating leverage probably would have looked more like 220 to 225.
Gerald Hassell: Ken, one other thing I would add to that, Ken, is, is we are making investments to improve our efficiencies and we are absorbing that in our runrate and I noted in this particular quarter we made some – we absorbed into this earnings some additional investments to position us well for next year. So the whole point Brian has made that we had a list of items that we can – we think we can still execute and we are absorbing the cost to executing those through our regular runrate.
Gerald Hassell: Mike, there is about a hundred questions in there. But I’ll start and try to give an overview and then perhaps ask my colleagues to jump in here as well. I think you saw in the fourth quarter, every single one of our investment services businesses actually showed positive revenue growth. And that’s even after taking in a consideration that about 30% or so of our asset servicing revenues are tied to fixed income market. So, 30%, 40%. So, we are still seeing growth in asset servicing and clearing services, treasury services issuer across the board. Would we all like to grow faster? Yes, and we are very focused as I said in my opening comments, about profitable revenue growth and really making sure we are constantly improving that client experience to give them a good reason to do more business with us. So, we think the pipelines in the investment services and asset servicing areas are strong and good and so we are encouraged by our growth rates there. The strength of the dollar also did have a dampening effect on our revenues overall both in investment services and in asset servicing and when you factor all those things in, I think it’s above that 2% that you just cited. In investment management, we are repositioning some of the portfolio and strengthening some of the strategies. We are close to the high watermark which would have allowed for higher performance fees. Didn’t occur in the fourth quarter but we are encouraged by our performance relative to our peers and relative to our benchmarks. And some of the strategies that we have invested in are gaining traction. So, clearly revenue growth is one of our key priorities and we would like to try to accelerate it. But it’s 2016 was tough revenue environment. But we are encouraged by our performance in the fourth quarter.
Gerald Hassell: Right now, what we typically do Mike, is we look at the forward yield curve and we factor that into our plan and when we struck it on December 31, there were two rate - two assumed hikes in those numbers. So, one in June and one in September.
Gerald Hassell: Well, I think any time there is more optimism and more confidence in the market. There is more trading activity. More trading activity and higher levels of volatility help our business model. We are seeing early signs of it now.
Gerald Hassell: Okay, Mike, so there is something called – I mean, Glenn, sorry about that. Glenn, there is something called the overnight OIS which is an overnight rate when you secure interest rate swap. So what we do is, we would take our debt and we would swap it to floating to LIBOR. But that is not a perfectly hedged swap. So we actually need to hedge based on the overnight collateral rate effectively. That basis swaps where we are now adding another swap hedging the LIBOR rate into an overnight rate, that does not get hedge accounting treatment. So it gets mark-to-market through the trading account whereas the offset to that is in the net interest account. It’s a perfect offset. So effectively, what we are doing is we are converting some of our debt into an overnight rate and then managing it accordingly. But the move from three month LIBOR to overnight does not get hedge accounting treatment and that’s what’s creating that, it’s on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Gerald Hassell: Yes, Glenn, I don’t have that off the top of my head, but most of that – most of the sovereign debt that would be and there would be very high grade. So I’ll have to take a look at that and get back to you.
Gerald Hassell: Broadly, asset management like other businesses, scale is going to matter and we do want to use the scale benefits of the entire company for the benefit of our asset management boutiques help lower their structural costs and still have them focus on their investment performance and their distribution strategies. So we think there is opportunities to apply scale benefits to our asset management boutiques and still keep it in the boutique structure. 
Gerald Hassell: It’s a great question. We look at it in a variety of different angles. One, starting with supporting the advisors on the Pershing platform, because they are in the midst of it on a direct basis every single day of the week, so, giving them the toolsets and utilizing our platforms and technology to help the advisors capture that wealth transfer is one of the most – one of the important elements. Our own wealth management area spends a lot of time thinking about this and making sure that multi-generational shift is one that they continue to service and service well. And on the asset management side, making sure we have strategies in place on third-party distribution platforms to help capture that as such shift inflows is also one of the areas of opportunity. So, it is a big shift. It’s one of the reasons why we like our platform businesses and our wealth businesses as much as we do, because it is going to be a very significant transfer of wealth and assets into new hands and we have to be all over it. So we do think about it a lot. 
Gerald Hassell: Thanks, Gerard. Great. Thank you very much and everyone thank you for dialing in this morning. And if you have additional questions, please give Valerie Haertel a call and we look forward to engaging with you and thanks for your participation today.
Brian Thomas Shea: Yes, I would say that the business improvement process continues to yield the results we want, which is helping offset the global regulatory change cost enabling us to invest in long-term strategic growth areas and create operating margin improvement. So, a long list of accomplishments this year, but still a robust pipeline of activity, because we are driving this like a process, not a project. So we expect this to drive continuous value. Some of the areas to focus on in 2017 are continuing to work around the business portfolio, but also the product service solution portfolio and eliminating and reducing sub-scale or non-profitable activities, those things that don’t hit our margin expectations. We continue to have a pipeline of client pricing initiatives that could align our interest with our clients in terms of driving efficiency and productivity end-to-end for both the client and for us. We have a number of initiatives to automate and drive straight through processing through traditional workflow and better technology and also through robotics process automation which was our first year, last year, but we are scaling that and getting more – we expect to get more benefits from that process over time. We are making progress on our technology strategy and exposing more APIs which not only make it easier for us to work with clients but they improve develop for productivity and we are sharing common technology services which also gives us a higher yield on our technology investment and we continue to do more around the global location strategy, the global real estate portfolio and reducing the number of locations we serve clients from all of which are shifting away at helping us drive continuous improvement in this area.
Brian Thomas Shea: Sure, okay. So, ETFs first, really Gerald mentioned it. We are just trying to figure there until the shift from active to passive and we expect continued growth in the ETF space. We are a significant ETF service provider today and we have relationships, strategic relationships with many of the big financial institutions that are the growers in that space and so we are hopeful that we can extend those relationships and do servicing overtime. We are investing in the technology to make it more scalable and to deliver better client experience and we are obviously investing in the talent as well to make sure that we have really the top team and the top solution in the industry. So, that’s really what we are doing in the ETF space and we have a serious effort on the relationship team side to cover those opportunities more assertively. On the pershing front or the RIA side, again, just like ETFs will be advantaged by the DOL fiduciary standard, we think the RIA business model will definitely be advantaged by the DOL fiduciary standard as well it’s been a long-term secular trend shifting from brokerage to advisory model in the industry. Pershing Advisory Solutions has had double-digit revenue growth and as you see growth for the last few years, and we expect to continue to drive significant growth. We focus on larger sort of more professionally managed RIA firms, so groups of RIAs not individual practitioners. So we tend to have less new clients than the others that our clients tend to be bigger more substantial, more managed companies in the advisory space and so, we like the profile of the clients we serve. Our value proposition is I think getting stronger in that space. Gerald has mentioned the integration of bank broker’s custody. That’s really important. Many advisors want to have a bank custodian and we are really the only provider in the marketplace that can deliver integrated bank and brokerage custody experience. We also talked about the private banking services. RIAs compete with major financial institutions that have a banking capability or a private bank capability. We are doing, leveraging our partnership with the wealth management team is delivering private banking services to the customers of the RIAs we serve and that’s actually been a usually successful process. We have now $4.5 billion in credit facilities outstanding – credit facilities in place with our broker/dealer and RIA clients and about $2.8 billion of those credit facilities have been drawn and used by the investors of RIAs initiatives and broker/dealers. So, we are investing in managed account solutions, digital advice solutions and other technology solutions to continue to grow our share in the RIA space.
Brian Thomas Shea: Well, I think it’s – unlike large broker/dealers when you convert large broker/dealers, you convert thousands of advisors at a time in the RIA space, it’s - while we are doing larger firms, it’s a slower process, but we have a strong pipeline of firms coming on and we spent most of 2016 getting the platform integrated and converting the existing clients we have between our bank custody and brokerage custody teams. But now, we are actually beginning to take on new clients on to the platform and we took our first new – absolutely, new client on in the fourth quarter, so I expect that momentum to continue throughout 2017 and beyond.
Thomas Gibbons: And Mike just to give a little more clarity around what asset servicing revenues look like, remember that we are exiting our UK TA business. So those are revenues that are declining and the dollar impact was quite substantial in this particular quarter. So if you actually adjust for the fact that we are exiting a business that was not profitable, and giving up the revenues on as part of what’s helping our margin expansion and the dollar impact, asset servicing revenues would have been up 6% on a year-over-year basis.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I think, I’ll let you judge what I mean by up slightly, but I do mean positive operating leverage. And in terms of our ability to adjust, I think the fourth quarter was a reflection of that. So, based on the revenue mix, we can make some adjustments. But we can only do so much on the – in the short-term. The key is that we continue to progress with our sustainable cost reductions that Brian just laid out, we just need to keep executing on the opportunities that we see. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I mean, if you look at the total rate paid on deposits, on average it was slightly negative. About 15% to 20% of our deposit base is in non-dollar, a smaller percentage of that is in euro which is mostly what’s driving that. So, in some instances, there is some pretty substantial negative rates. The US deposits are slightly positive and we do have deposit base and what that means is as interest rates go up, we will pass on some of the benefit of those rising rates to our clients. So the initial moves are probably a bit compressed and then our clients will start to get more of the benefits. So that’s kind of how the betas work. So one would expect to see that crossover into a positive – a positive rate in the next quarter or two.
