Gerald Hassell: Thanks, Izzy and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us this morning. Let me highlight some of the key takeaways for the quarter. We achieved continued momentum in investment management and investment services as we saw strong fee growth in these businesses reflecting our focus on developing and delivering the very best capabilities in the marketplace. We drive continued progress on the expense control front. As our expense growth rate was well below the growth rate of our fee revenues. We maintained a strong capital position, which prepared us well to comply with all the regulatory requirement, while allowing us to continue to invest in our businesses and maintain a high capital payout ratio. And as you can see on Page 3 of our highlight deck, we had earnings per share of $0.93 and that included $0.29 per share for previously disclosed gains net of litigation and restructuring charges. Investment management had another excellent quarter with investment management and performance fees up 7% year-over-year. Asset center management increased 7% to a new record, 1.65 trillion driven by net new business. And also during the quarter we had 13 billion of net long-term flows reflecting the strength of our liability driven investment strategy, and interesting as we also had $19 billion of short-term inflows. Turning to investment services, fees grew at 5% year-over-year driven by strong growth in asset servicing, clearing and treasury services, which more than compensated for a decline in the issuer services. So in spite of the continued runoff at high value securitizations in corporate trusts investment services overall had a very healthy revenue increase. Assets under custody or administration were up 3% to $28.3 trillion. In foreign exchange our continuing enhancements are helping us gain new clients on our FX platform and that contributed to the sharp volume gains that helped mitigate the significant decline year-over-year in industry-wide volatility. Now of course recently market conditions have increased that volatility which is generally good for market participants. Now we also saw an increasing contribution from our collateral services, which helped our growth as clients are increasing their use of our optimization and segregation solutions. On the expense front, our aggressive commitment to reducing expenses and improving productivity is showing up in our numbers, particularly when you look at the trend and staff expense. Our normalized expenses were flat year-over-year and up only 1% sequentially, very strong results when given against the revenue growth that we experienced in investment management and investment services. Our capital position remains strong even after giving effect to the repurchasing of 11 million shares during the quarter for $431 million. Interestingly, we have repurchased about 3% of our shares outstanding this year. Now we also delivered an outstanding return on tangible common equity of 18% for the quarter. So all-in-all, good fee momentum, good progress in reducing the growth rate of expenses and an enviable capital position. Now at our Investor Day Conference on October 28th, we’ll discuss in more detail how we plan to enhance our revenue growth, continue to control expenses, manage to the new liquidity and capital standards and how we intend to deploy the significant level of excess capital that we generate. And much of the focus will be on the work underway to maximize returns and create value for our shareholders, above and beyond what we’re delivering today. And importantly we’ll also share the key performance targets that you could hold us accountable too. And before I turn it over to Todd I want to highlight two recent actions that we’ve taken as we continue to optimize our business mix. First, we repositioned our market group exiting derivative sales and trading. This will improve our operating margins and return on capital. We simply were not large enough player to get an adequate return on capital and bare the increasing risk management and over say cost. Second, last week we announced an acquisition that we will add new specialized fixed income solutions to our diverse portfolio of capabilities. We agreed to acquire Cutwater Asset Management which is a U.S. based fixed income and solution specialist. They have a 20 year track-record and approximately $23 billion of assets under management. Cutwater will operate as part of our investment management unit and we’re closely with Insight our highly successful LDI specialty boutiques. It will allow us to extend our LDI and fixed income specialist strategy into the U.S. marketplace so we’re very excited about that acquisition and also the repositioning of our markets group. So with that, let me turn it over to Todd.
Gerald Hassell: And typically that’s not something that takes place much in Europe it’s nowhere near like in the U.S.
Gerald Hassell: I think the -- not a whole lot Betsy because we’re seeing everybody else do it. So this is becoming a fairly common practice. We have seen and we’ve indicated that we had about 15% of our total deposit base is in the euro it’s denominated in euro. We’ve probably seen that come down a little bit.
Gerald Hassell: Sure Alex. Why don’t we start with where the deposit growth has come, I think there were some dislocations in the third quarter. And I’d say there are a couple of drivers to that. I mean one of the things that you saw is that the Fed put a limitation on its total amount of reversed repo that is intended to do at quarter end so it reduced it from really no cap to 300 billion. That meant that towards the end of the quarter that there were substantial money market funds that had nowhere to place the fund. So the likely recipient of that is going to be the custodian for those money market funds. So, I think that’s a little bit of a temporary distraction if you will or disruption. I think also you’ve seen the large dealers take down their matchbooks which had a similar impact. And there was a particularly important period and this is, I think this is a permanent reduction but right now the impact of the reduction is ending up in the banking system and it kind of needs to I think work its way through. So we do think we’ll probably see a little bit more of this before we see this cash kind of find a permanent home. In terms of your other question I think we’ve made substantial. We did increased the duration of the securities portfolio in the third quarter a little bit. I think now the repositioning is going to be what we wanted to do within the H2 ally. We do have a fair amount of Central Bank deposits they’re low risk they’re low yield. And really the only action that you could take would be to extend duration within that portfolio if you wanted to increase the NIM. And I think we’d be a little bit defensive about that. There is potential capital risk to it and I think the opportunity cost to taking on very low yielding securities at this point is pretty high.
Gerald Hassell: And I would add to that, the volatility we look for primarily since we’re not a big fixed income or equity trading shop it’s really around the FX, our FX business is related to FX. And we do print a volatility index number that I wouldn’t say it is perfectly correlated but it’s correlated to what we’re looking at and you can see in the third quarter versus the second quarter it’s basically flat down substantially from last year but basically flat, so recent events have tended to move that a little bit.
Gerald Hassell: And Jeff the other thing I would add to that is. The leverage ratio even before you get into the SLR the leverage ratio could be a constraining factor in somebody’s CCAR analysis. So that the very low yield and very low return treasury type of repo really doesn’t make sense for them to continue to hold in a matchbook if it’s going to put pressure on their CCAR performance.
Gerald Hassell: That $80 million is just one example for one narrow business. So you can project that across all of our businesses. And put a multiplier factor on that. And it’s a big number.
Gerald Hassell: And Alex just adding, I think we have a line item in the statements for you where the third quarter of last year was 2.682 versus the third quarter of this year 2.673 and that’s why, and that’s the way we look at it in terms of the core operating expense to the company was actually down slightly year-over-year and we want to try to hold expenses flat for the entire year.
Gerald Hassell: There is not a whole lot of investment opportunities in a very-very low interest rate environment and they are negative interest rate environment in Europe. So we can let the equity challenges are Todd sited in earlier, you look at money market funds trying to find places to invest when the dealer book is shrinking you have got to reverse repo market that has a demand much greater than the $300 billion cap. The demand was 407 billion. At the end of the third quarter I suspect the demand is going to be even higher than that in the fourth quarter, so if that sort of photonic plates working against each other the dealers the dealer books their balance sheets are shrinking by design for capital and cost purposes. And the liquidity that’s in the system is even higher. So there is a lot of search going on for some plates to put the liquidity and get some yield. And it’s a really hard equation right now.
Gerald Hassell: Okay. Well thank you everybody for dialing in. Just again to summarize we are encouraged by our results in the third quarter. However, we strongly believe we can in fact improve our financial performance even greater than what’s reflected in this quarter and we will be discussing more of that in the -- and our upside at our Investor Day later this month. So look forward to talking to you all and seeing in person at the end of the month. And just as a reminder if you have additional questions please follow-up with Izzy Dawood. So thank you very much for joining us today.
Todd Gibbons: Sure Glenn, this is Todd. In terms of the risk weighted asset ratios you did see a little pop in our capital. It was somewhat offset. It would have been larger but there was an OCI adjustment related to the accumulated transaction account, largely driven by the change in the dollar value over the quarter. And if you look in the denominator on the risk weighted assets there was a pretty significant increase related to operational risk. And what happened to those models are informed by external losses and there have been quite a few external losses even though they are not losses that we have incurred when others take large provisions it can inform those models and drive higher operational risk calculation. And that’s what we have seen.
Todd Gibbons: I don’t think we disclose that, but it is a substantial percentage of the total for the advanced approach, it doesn’t apply to the standardized approach.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. As you know we got the final rules earlier in the September. And they were a little more favorable for the treatment of operational deposits. And they are below top on Muni assets for example. So we look well positioned our estimates right now on these our estimates and obviously we -- it is easy to compute the high quality liquid assets, it’s still fairly difficult to compute the actual denominator. But our estimates are that we are well in excess of the 80% that we need to be on January 1st. Given that we still are looking to do a little restructuring and some of that you might know in what we did this quarter the municipal was down a little bit. That’s still open for discussion. There is a possibility that that position on municipals could change. And agencies, treasuries and some severance we increased as we brought down some of our placements. We are actually kind of -- we are going to give a lot of detail on this on the Investor Day. But I think the good news is we are meeting the standard. We are well positioned to meet the future standard. And it’s not having a dramatic change in our portfolio or in our estimates around our net interest income.
Todd Gibbons: There is about $60 million of restructuring expenses and $160 million of litigation expenses. When we look at the restructuring that’s largely around the actions that Gerald mentioned around the markets group and we think that’s going to have some long-term positives on us, for us. I would say that when we think there is appropriate actions like that to take in the future we will taken them. In terms of the litigation we apply a tax rate that’s reflective of the jurisdiction related to the matter. And that’s why that tax rate was relatively low and the after tax impact relatively high.
Todd Gibbons: Yes just a quick comment on that some level volatility is generally as we said it is helpful to most market participants. That being said, with more and more going to electronic trading and more and more within time spreads and more and more within a very, very, very narrow range, the volatility benefits that we’ve all experienced in the past are less, but volatility generally helps more important for us since most of our foreign exchange trading is really on the backs of our servicing businesses. It’s more important for us to capture volumes. And so we’re a volume driven shop and that’s why we feel pretty good about the level of volumes increases on our FX electronic platforms associated with our investment services businesses. So generally it helps but it’s not nearly as impactful as it once was.
Todd Gibbons: Mike I think this quarter is a good example where we actually saw the fees rise faster than the assets under custody. So some of our other services our so called value-added services like collateral and some of the other things are starting to kick in. So, this is a good example this quarter and I can’t promise that every quarter but this is a good quarter where we actually are seeing this fee increase and some other pricing discipline we’re putting in place around the transactions and clients that we do business with are starting to pay off. So assets under custody were up 3%, asset servicing fees were up 6% for the quarter, so we’re trying to accomplish exactly what you’re suggesting.
Todd Gibbons: Well again some of the collateral services, some of the value-added propositions we’re offering our clients are fee-based irrespective of assets under custody and that’s what we’re trying to drive.
Todd Gibbons: Sure, Ashley, a couple of things. In terms of reinvestment typically what we model is we look at the market and the forward rate curve and we estimate around that, we’ll also model whether rates are just flat that they don’t change. Given they are extraordinary low levels, we don’t typically model them going down a lot more but we obviously do sensitize to that as well. So, when we look forward we are assuming that we will reinvest and when we show our sensitivity in our Q, we will assume that we’re reinvesting at the existing market levels. In terms of the discount rate and the lower interest rates and the lower tenure, the discount rate is a corporate credit discount rate, so it's not quite as severe as the drop that should speak to in the tenure. But it is down a bit from where we saw it last year and obviously that means retention obligation would increase in the costs associated with the pension expense would also increase. We give estimates in our Annual Report and what those numbers might look like depending what that discount rate is. So you need to get a good handle around the discount rate.
Todd Gibbons: Sure, Adam it is a great question. The LDI business still has very robust pipelines as mentioned broadly are looking to derisk. In fact if you remember last quarter we actually had one sizeable outflow net of that we had pretty meaningful inflows. So the business is robust, the pipelines are strong and I would tell you that it has obviously been a very big business for us in the UK specifically and around the world generally, but we see the U.S. opportunity to really continuing to expand. Your question about how are pensions thinking about in the current environment, when we saw that the tenure approached 3% yield here in the U.S. last time and the stock market was doing really well, funded status levels actually got to a point where more people were interested in it and I think the general view was rates were going to continue to move higher. There were obviously two sides to every market, but I think there was a view that maybe rates would continue to move up and the funded status would even be better in the LDI move in our pension plan might become even more attractive. This last move down I think has made people more thoughtful about looking at the opportunity to derisk their plan and to take advantage of it when it make sense to them to do it and to, we do think that people will, people who have made the decision, pension planners who have made the decision to derisk their plan will be more active in doing so as the opportunity to the exists. So, and another thing I would you just to extend that point, the skills involved in doing LDI and every plan is different. And in the UK you have an inflation component and that can be more complicated than some of the plans in the U.S. But the skills involved really are about being able to create a solution around a liability. So buying assets against a match liability that looks a lot like and is actually absolute return investing generating risk adjusted returns for clients and I would tell you that the skills there really can be to other large growth opportunities for us. One is around the retirement space for individual, so a lot of the techniques and capabilities are quite similar for creating retirement solutions for individual investors. And then also there continues to be a lot of interest both on the institutional end broader investor front, four absolute return strategies that look like these strategies. So absolute return, real return, investing that you hear a lot about is going to leverage those same capabilities. And so Cutwater brings a much deeper capability in U.S. fixed income markets. Again we have the LDI businesses in Spanish and Mellon Capital as well. But Insight as now largest LDI driver in the world continuously winning awards for the great capabilities they have being able to have the intellectual capital sharing from our Insight team with our Cutwater extended capabilities in that new boutique it really is going to position us quite well we think to continue to benefit from pension derisking trends.
Todd Gibbons: Brian, probably also worth noting that, the FSB put out a proposal this week around required minimum margins for transactions done with the banking system. At this point I don’t know Curt if you want to comment on that, we don’t really see that having a tremendous effect. It will take a little bit of leverage out of the market but we don’t see it either as a positive or a negative at this point.
Todd Gibbons: And Brian in response to the disclosure and we have components of this is in net interest income and the securities finance some portions of it’s in our securities lending activities some of it’s in our asset servicing fees and the tri-party itself the custodial function that we show there it’s not a huge number. So this is hard for us to break out something like that.
Todd Gibbons: I think the first question was related to corporate trust I would say that that’s consistent. We still -- we feel pretty confident that that’s starting to slow and we’ll turn over that time period. And then I will turn the other one over to Curtis.
Todd Gibbons: I think it’s very simple. And you have said supplemental leverage ratio and cost-to-capital being applied against this, and the cost of financing has significantly increased so the cost of them to carry that matchbook is much greater than what it once was.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. The way we disclosed operating expenses it excludes M&I litigation and restructuring. So that’s what I mean by flat operating expenses on a year-over-year basis. We would expect those to be flat.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, not much Gerard. We are bold and we are buying two and three year types of securities. So the duration of that portfolio would have just inched up a little bit. The contraction and interest rates that we have seen on the securities that have negative convexity has probably brought that duration back to flat over the past few days actually. But where there is a huge opportunity cost for us to do that. And we don’t think that getting a little bit of current income at that that kind of an opportunity cost makes a heck of a lot of a sense right now.
Todd Gibbons: Gerard it’s a substantial number. It’s hard to tease out with any real procession. Because you might have some areas for example that have got more efficient but they have had take on a lot more regulatory. So we can certainly look at projects and the costs associated with executing projects whether it’s compliance with the LCR, the new BASAL standards, the resolution recovery back and so forth. When we look at some of our key functions we are seeing substantial rises. We also had indicated that specifically in our tri-party reform efforts that our cost in operating that business went up as much as $80 million for all of the broker dealer and tri-party clearance business. So we have not reported anything more specific than that but I would say it is substantial.
Todd Gibbons: Gerard the statement that we have made is we don’t think that the rate of increase is increasing. So I wouldn’t say that is necessarily cresting. We are still seeing we have new items coming on. You have the NSFR that we are going to eventually have to report. There is going to be more work around resolution and recovery planning so you have a number of new items that we face. We’re putting some things behind us some things are still in the developmental and so there are some things that we’ll probably see in the future and it is hard to project if there might be additions. So that’s what we know. So it seems like our spend rate is stabilizing, the growth rates not nearly as significant as it was but it is on a bigger base.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, absolutely. I think there are a couple of things going on in there. One is we absolutely saw re-bouncing, as you saw at the end of last year markets have done well, a lot of the activity there was from clients who had come to us and invested when the equity markets were at lower valuations and were taking money off the table. Through this year has been a continuation of that there had not been any significant outflow from any one place. Again we have an array of equity investment firms and each of them had experienced some level of outflow across some of their product offerings. Where performance is always going to be differentiated across our entire platform and where performance had been on the softer side close have absolutely been more in those areas. So, there is absolutely some linkage when a client is taking money out of the equity market that they think about what performance has been. So there is some linkage but it is nothing that I would say is systemic in any one place. I will tell you that where we one of the things that a number of our firms do is focus a lot on generating returns against the risk that they are taking so very focused on TARP ratio and also in managing against downside scenarios. And the last month some of the strategies that might have lagged a bit during the past year or so have actually done exceedingly well so you have the broad story.
Todd Gibbons: That sounds a little bit high Alex, take a little sharper look at it and we are excluding M&I restructuring and litigation.
Todd Gibbons: I would expect again we had indicated that we would expect it to increase from the third quarter for all the seasonal factors that I mentioned. Important for example DR revenue doesn’t have a lot of expense with it, it can be likely but not all of that will be replaced with lower margin business that will be one of the drivers that you have to take into consideration. The other driver is that we have quite a few of our business development conferences and so forth in the fourth quarter that will step up and also our consulting and legal expenses we would expect to be higher in the fourth quarter. So making adjustments for those you will see them up but in aggregate for the full year, I think you’ll see it flat maybe for, maybe a little bit down.
