Robert Kelly: Sure. Betsy, the securities are running off at about $100 million a month, and there is some accretion so some of the runoff is reduced by the net impact of the accretion. But our best estimate for the next few quarters is we should see about a 10 basis point benefit to our Basel III ratio from that securities runoff. So it's reducing our risk-weighted assets, and it's almost a dollar-per-dollar impact on risk-weighted assets so every $100 million down, it's like having another $100 million of capital.
Robert Kelly: Yes. So Alex, it's Bob. We've been working on this for some time, and of course, we have a lot of expense management stuff flowing through our income statement right now as we continue to reposition ourselves. And there's investment costs involved in getting costs out over time. But the basic categories are moving people to lower-cost locations that are in major cities, real estate and working down the number of locations, the number of buildings that we have, procurements where we're doing a good job. And I wouldn't call us first quartile in our capabilities and frankly, we had too many applications in our company in terms of systems. And we want to cull those fairly materially over the next few years.
Robert Kelly: Yes. And that's been pretty successful, but we're now looking at things that are materially above that run rate.
Robert Kelly: Yes, from a business standpoint, I really like our positioning from both an asset management standpoint, as well as in various investment services product standpoint. I think we have really good opportunities to gain market share in Europe over time just because of quality of our products and services that we have. I'm not getting a sense that there's a lot of acquisition opportunities in the near term, but I would think over 2 or 3 years, some of the major banks in Europe have to really think about how they're creating value for shareholders in coming years and over the longer term. And that may or may not, it's just too early to tell, result in other opportunities for us like joint ventures or more outsourcings, longer term partnerships from a middle office and back office standpoint and from the standpoint of providing more asset management products to these firms where perhaps they don't have to manufacture their own products. There's a pretty long list of opportunities here. And so the real question is how quickly and aggressively will European counterparties and banks, generally financial institutions, want to act to refocus their business models and to free up capital. So we'll see. And I worry much less and perhaps the market is from the standpoint of the impact on our balance sheet, as well as our off-balance sheet activities. We've been watching this extraordinarily closely, of course, and we're actually cognizant of what happened several years ago in the markets with market instability. So we've learned from that and we're being pretty proactive.
Robert Kelly: Yes, I would say on the latter, we are much, much more liquid than we ever have been in the past. In fact, enormously liquid so that it provides us with maximum flexibility for our clients, as well as from a risk management standpoint, and we've been extraordinarily careful in terms of where our investments are in terms of the countries and in terms of the entities. We only want the biggest, healthiest companies within our fund. So that has been a real-time activity for us as we continue to stay on top of the developments in the market and...
Robert Kelly: That is the big difference from a few years ago in that we've all been pretty well trained and hardened to market volatility over the past 3 years, plus we have an enormously liquid financial system around the world.
Robert Kelly: Howard, it's Bob. I'd also mention that we are getting strong impression from the regulators that they're not going to be quick to act on the various liquidity components of Basel III. They want to really study this and understand the system-wide implications of this over time.
Robert Kelly: No, I think the fundamental is pretty straightforward, Ken, and that is its operating leverage. And I'm going to get some revenue growth higher than expense growth. So I'm encouraged on the revenue side and expense run rate remains pretty high and as we indicated back in January in the fourth quarter numbers, we are expecting quite a few headwinds this year in terms of higher pension costs, higher health care costs, people are still, of course, getting raises and they should be. We have higher depreciation costs. We have this litigation environment. We have higher compliance and regulatory cost. There's a lot of headwind in our industry right now, but we've got to manage through it. So what I would say is that we're going through all of our programs but more aggressively than we have in the past to create more favorable trends and to moderate these growths in expenses. And that even goes to the level of looking at individual client profitability and making sure that we're doing the right thing not just from a client standpoint but also from a shareholder standpoint.
Robert Kelly: The other thing is we have very good process around this. We've been working on this for some time. We're going to treat it just like a merger integration and we'll have, we'll be very metrics driven, very specific initiative driven with definitive numbers and people signing on the bottom line for what they can get and when.
Robert Kelly: And we've done a pretty good job of selecting the right names, and quite frankly, the stress test that came out last week confirmed exactly that.
Robert Kelly: Well, the thing to remember, Mike, is that these are extremely senior instruments. The tender is extremely short, and these assets are in the biggest, healthiest names in Europe. These are 2 countries or 2 markets that you view or names that you've used being unstable, and we have been very proactive in being extremely liquid in all of these funds as well to provide us with maximum flexibility.
Robert Kelly: Yes, we have none in our prime funds and de minimis in our sec lending activities, de minimis meaning less than 1%. And where we have exposure in those countries actually to, we have some Irish mortgage-backed securities. But again, less than 1% of sec lending exposures.
Robert Kelly: Okay. I just want to reinforce that we've got to raise the debt ceiling, and we've got to balance the books, not over 10 years. Over like 3 or 4 years. We've got to get some growth back in this country again. So this is important to the whole nation in the global economy. We should just stop fooling around with it. So we have worked to make sure that our, in fact, our team has been working on this all the way back as early as April of this year. We have been working to make sure that our systems are flexible, and we'll be able to manage whatever happens here. We're obviously coordinating with the treasury and the regulators and also within the industry. I mean, there's still some uncertainty. We don't know how treasuries might trade. We don't know whether the pricing services, how they're going to put value on them. We don't know whether counterparties are going to want treasuries as collateral. I would expect that they would. But we're going through our contingency planning. We're not doing this unilaterally. We're working with industry groups, and obviously, we're talking with the treasury, and we'll do as directed. But we do have the flexibility in our systems to accommodate what we think could happen.
Robert Kelly: It doesn't require any system changes, and we are very ready for any eventuality, but I don't expect those are necessary.
Robert Kelly: One of the things and just on the systems side, what I would say is that we've been historically, we've been pretty decentralized in how we run our operations. As a result, we have a lot of overlapping applications that do very similar things that are almost identical but aren't quite. So we've been bucketing those into various categories, everything from trade entry to reconciliations to you name it. And we're going to get to common platforms by having more centralized utilities and be able to reap the benefits, that ultimately what it will mean is that we can reduce our maintenance and turning on the lights run rate cost, and we can invest a bit of that into new systems activity and product enhancements over time as well.
Robert Kelly: What we need is a level playing field with the rest of the world here. We never implemented Basel II. We're all focused on Basel III now. Let's just get it done, and I hope we meet up with the [indiscernible] Oversight Group in Washington. And given the fact that we have way too many regulators, hopefully we can get consensus through the SR group.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, because you don't have the same treatment of those securities, so that's an additional 10 that you just get right there.
Thomas Gibbons: We think the way this is developing, it's going to be an annual process. So we'll pretty much just go through our typical budgeting season, have things approved by the Board and submit some kind of a plan with the regulators. We're pretty sure that's how it's going to work.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure. The discount accretion was actually down a little bit in the quarter almost $10 million, so I think it was about $95 million, $96 million. And the money market fee waivers actually picked up during the quarter, probably worth about a $0.01 to our earnings on a sequential basis. So they haven't gone back to the highs that we saw last year but with the very, very low treasury rates, we're getting pretty close to that.
Thomas Gibbons: I'll take that, Bob. In terms of the balance sheet growth, it's really hard to attribute it to anything particular, Howard, because you've got a confluence of event. You've had repo rates in the U.S. go negative. So rather than having funds holding negative repo, they're leaving money in their DDA account; 0 was better than negative 8. And so we're seeing a little bit of noise from that. Certainly, some of the disruption in Europe is going to be contributing somewhat to it. And our balance sheet is probably running, our deposit base is probably at $30 billion higher than we would've expected because of the noise around the world right now would be our best guess. There's also an awful lot of excess liquidity in the system, and so we're the beneficiary of that as well.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I would stick with that, Howard. I don't think it's changed much. We might have dipped a couple of quarters ago with the move in the fee waivers started to decline a bit, but with these very, very low treasury rates right now, fee waivers have increased. So the opportunity is probably in the $450 million to $500 million range. Pretax, too, Howard.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, it's still a little bit early. I mean, the net stable funding ratio really isn't -- there's nothing out there to really work with the liquidity coverage ratio is one that seems to be gaining some traction in its current form. And just look at the nature of our balance sheet, Howard, you could just see how well we would expect to do on that ratio. We're sitting on massive amounts of cash.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I think the short answer is yes, Glenn. There hasn't been any big change I would say. And again, as we talked about as we price current clients as contracts come up and as we price new business, we take very, very conservative views that clearly incorporate the current economic environment. And we're certainly driving clients to higher fees as a percentage of total revenues.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, we think that's exactly right, Glenn I think it is consistent with what we've said in the past. We did participate in negotiations in our role as trustee, and we believe the proposed settlement is reasonable and ultimately, in the best interest of the trust. It imposes no financial obligations on us nor are we going to receive any part of the $8.5 billion settlement in our capacity as trustee. We continue to be fully indemnified as trustee for any losses, liability or expenses associated with this, so we think it makes a lot of sense. And we think it's reasonable and we think the courts should approve it.
Thomas Gibbons: And in terms of litigation and M&I, you can see our M&I expenses directly, but we don't really care to show litigations on a regular basis in that kind of detail and give too much advantage to some of our plaintiffs here.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, we follow very much the FASB guidelines. It's based on estimable and probable. So if we feel something that we can estimate what a loss is going to be and it's probable, we will reserve for it.
Thomas Gibbons: And, Ken, if I can add a couple of points here. There is some low-lying fruit. I mean, if you think about it, we've gone through a number of acquisitions over the past 3 or 4 years. So when we go back and reflect on our technology infrastructure, there's quite a bit we can attack there. We've got too many desktop configurations just the nature of our business model, and we're going to go after that. We also have some applications dating back to the Mellon Bank of New York merger, which we think we can sunset so, and we've also for the first time are really looking at combining some of our common operations not just within asset servicing, but even across some of our different businesses. And I think that's an advantage that we have that we can leverage. So these are the types of things in addition to the normal course. We do see some proof here that we can go after.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I would say it's quite a bit different in its nature. I would say there's a fair amount of it is just this negative interest rate, especially the spike towards the quarter end, Mike. This negative interest rate just created an arbitrage with better and better to leave it in cash with your custodian than to put it out on repo at a negative rate. So that's a significant component of it. I'm sure there's some of it is related to dislocation. But it's got a very different feel to it than it did after the Lehman crisis where it was just an immediate spike in hedge funds and everybody just dumped their money on us. It's not quite like this. This has been a slower build and a build related to not just the risk off trade, but some market disruptions in the treasury market.
Thomas Gibbons: I don't have that off the top of my head, it feels like it's -- I'd really be speculating. We'll get back to you on that.
Thomas Gibbons: Our prime assets, we have roughly $34 billion in our 2a-7 prime funds that are in the eurozone core. We had a view that about less than 20% of all of the eligible European banks actually make it through our credit screen. And so that represents roughly 28% of our total prime 2a-7 assets in our main money market business.
Thomas Gibbons: We have, again, we have money market assets that would include treasury funds and other offshore funds. I'm giving you the U.S. Prime 2a-7 assets. I certainly can work with you, if you want to talk offline, we can certainly walk through our statistics more broadly.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, just so you know in the eurozone there are 124 Tier 1 2a-7 eligible banks. Again, less than 20% of those make it through our credit screen. So where we do have exposures in that segment they are again, as Bob said, to the largest most significant institutions in those countries. Yes, and we have no exposure and haven't had exposure to Greece and Portugal directly and have de minimis exposure to the rest of the more troubled [indiscernible].
Thomas Gibbons: That was what I was referring to. I just wanted to make sure I was clear. We have a number of items. We would expect that, John, to typically run in the kind of $80 million range. So it was a little high because of the gains that we had taken on those loans that we talked about during the quarter.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, we have no comment on any. We've heard rumors of the transaction. I really can't comment on that. But what ConvergEx has done is file for an S1 for an initial public offering where we would monetize some of our interest in the company, and that would be certainly be a positive for our capital position.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, we're honing in on this right now. And it's going to actually be a subject of our investor conference in the fall. And we are going to walk you through exactly what the timelines and what our expectations are. And as Bob pointed out, we're going to have commitments around the table here about how we're going to achieve the kind of positive operating leverage that we're looking for. So we'll give you a lot more color, but it's around the same general themes. This concept of reengineering and combining common operations, improving our technology infrastructure; that is some of the lower lying fruit. And looking at our application portfolio and seeing if we can reduce it.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. We've kind of poured through our numbers. It's pretty difficult to tell what's ongoing and what's not. But obviously, complying with Basel II, Basel 2.5 and Basel III, there's quite a bit of systems infrastructure associated with that. Over the past couple of years, as you would expect, our FDIC charges have gone up quite dramatically. And then we've invested one of our fastest-growing shared services; is our risk area as we continue to invest in that, and legal costs continue to rise. I don't see the growth rate continuing at the level that we've seen over the past couple of years. FDIC is still high, but it's at least flattened out, for example. I would say that is consistent with some of the other things. So I think the kind of the step up has occurred, and some of it eventually will get a dividend here, but that's probably a year or so away.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, there's a little bit of uncertainty. I wanted to point out. I think we might get a little bit of that in the third quarter, so the third quarter might look a little better than we would have otherwise expected it to be.
Thomas Gibbons: I'll take that one, Gerard. We don't know. But it certainly feels like we'll never see Basel-- I mean, Basel II is kind of the backbone for Basel III. So everything that you do in Basel II, you kind of need for Basel III. But my expectation is we'll go straight to Basel III, but that's just speculation of my part.
Thomas Gibbons: We certainly hope so. And if you noticed, a lot of that was just left at the central banks. So we would like to see some normalization. There'll be a little giveaway of NII if we do this. We don't really mind having it, Gerard. It's not a terrible ROA. It's not a bad ROE since there is no risk associated with it, but we like everybody else would like to go back to a little more normalized environment.
Thomas Gibbons: I don't know, Gerard, what you are actually referring to. I don't think we've borrowed anything from the FRB and asset-backed. But we'll follow-up with you on that one.
Timothy Keaney: Yes, Tim Keaney here. Yes, pipeline is almost double what it was a year ago, and this has been a continuing trend. I think we talked about this last quarter. About 40% of our new business wins year-to-date, and as it turns about, about 40% of our pipeline is outsourcing. And certainly, what we continue to see is as banks, insurance companies and fund managers remain profit challenged, they're turning to outsourcing kind of non-core activities, and we certainly feel that, that plays to one of our strengths.
Timothy Keaney: Yes, Jeff, it's Tim Keaney here. We talked a little bit in the past where kind of if you look at the duration of contracts for public funds it's 3 or 4 years; for corporate-type pension fund clients it's probably 5 years or so. So our clients come up for review regularly. They did last quarter. They did this quarter. We're having very, very open discussions with clients around kind of the new economic reality as it relates to capital markets revenues. And we also have very open discussions with clients about how our costs are escalating around things like helping clients comply with a myriad of increased regulations around the world. And we've been very, very successful retaining clients and very successful at repackaging our relationships with clients so that our fee revenue, which we can count on is the lion's share of our total revenue base. And it's just a new attitude we've taken in dealing with clients in terms of renegotiations and bidding on new business.
Timothy Keaney: Jeff, it's Tim. No, our new business win rates and our retention rates are very, very solid. They have been since we've been tracking it. One of the things we do look at is giveaway and take away ratios. We continue to win about 3x more than we lose, when we do lose a client, so we continue to be a big net winner.
Brian Bedell: Right. So stay tuned for that. And then on the regulatory cost, not the litigation or legal reserves but the actual cost that you would attribute to the regulatory environment. Could you frame out sort of what that is right now and then any kind of expectation how this might abate over the next several quarters? Is it too early to...
Brian Bedell: That would be nice to be able to adjust that down. But it sounds like you can talk about [indiscernible] maybe a little bit more on Analyst Day.
Brian Bedell: Maybe just conceptually on the full prospect of the U.S. debt potentially being downgraded. Obviously, you guys have a major stake in the infrastructure, the country's infrastructure. Maybe you can talk a little bit about sort of what you're thinking for your collateral management businesses and the Corporate Trust business and maybe even the money markets business if U.S. debt is downgraded and maybe contrast the long-term debt being downgraded versus any risk of a short-term debt being downgraded, which doesn't appear to be an issue right now. But if you could just talk about through some...
