Todd Gibbons: Sure. What we have done is we increased first of all the duration of our placement portfolios, so if you look at our numbers there, you can see we’ve actually bumped up the average rate on placements a little bit just reflecting that. With the acquisition, we also with the BHF acquisition we also took on some covered bond securities and we’ve now broken that out in the investment portfolio. They have relatively short duration, a couple of years but they are fixed, so they will come with a little better yield. So over the next couple of years, you will see some burn-off of securities and you probably -- if you don’t see the market improving or you don’t see a move by the Fed in the next year or two, you’ll see a slight continued slight decline in the rate on the interest earning assets.
Todd Gibbons: No. I’d say $167 where we were is a pretty good indication, but we also had a pretty big balance sheet, Howard.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. We don’t envision any liability here. It’s a pretty straightforward thing that we would do, perhaps if we paid the wrong bondholders or something like that we would be exposed but we’re receiving the cash from the servicers and then pay it on to the appropriate bondholders. As documentation agent, all we’re required to do is notify the servicer and the seller of the loan whether the documents are complete or not, and straightforward information that we passed on to them all along.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. You know, we’ve got four or five things that we’re really working on. One is the global footprint that we’ve talked about. That really hasn’t dropped a lot to the bottom line to date because we’ve been investing in it and there are bubble costs associated with it as fast as we realize them. Next year you’ll begin to see some of those benefits. We also have a number of reengineering efforts, just reengineering processes and making them more efficient. We’re doing some work around our procurement process because we actually think there’s some money there to be had. We also have all the discretionary expenses we’re keeping a very close eye on and then we need to execute and realize on the expense synergies with the two acquisitions. So we’ve got quite a few programs going, I mean, there are some headwinds but we think we can overcome them.
Todd Gibbons: We would certainly like -- we certainly think that we are in a position to generate some positive operating leverage even in a soft interest rate environment we are not projecting any Fed moves to the foreseeable future. So it’s a pretty tough revenue environment, although, I’m pretty pleased with the performance of the team in this particular quarter and what it bodes for the future. But even with that, I think, we can create positive operating leverage.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. On the cash, yield stripped it up, so I think we saw a benefit for the first time in over a year positive flows coming into cash. I wouldn’t expect to see that continue as I think yields will start to drift down in the fourth quarter, so we don’t see cash as a continuing positive. On the long-term flows, however, we continue to see very significant movements into fixed income and into alternatives. It’s actually balanced that business very nicely now because while equity I think has slowed down in terms of its outflows, that’s starting to show positive inflows again. You have fixed income, you have alternatives and it’s only really the cash at this point that’s a weak spot. So, I think, what I’m saying is, you’ll see continued growth in fixed income, you’ll see increasing growth now in the equity and we will continue to see growth on the alternative side.
Todd Gibbons: It’s about what it’s been in the previous quarter so our guidance there would be the same as where we’ve been.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. Under Basel III there is a couple of things that are going on. First of all there is a new definition as you know, so the numerator is different and it’s basically the same as tangible common with some deductions for various items. We don’t expect the deductions to have any impact on us, so you can kind of look at our tangible common, that’s basically what it’s going to be. In the denominator, there are new definitions around risk-weighted assets and they’re primarily driven by the trading book and that’s actually coming in Basel 2.5 but also tougher definitions around the counterparties and so forth. Again there, we don’t -- we see that as a deminimus impact. The only meaningful impact to us right now that we see is related to securitizations, so if you don’t go investment grade securitization, they got a significant amount of capital in the form of risk-weighted assets. And as you know, we have actually marked ours to market and they are amortizing off, so we think that that will basically burn-off and not have a significant impact. So we’re very well positioned, I think, as well as anybody for what ultimately is going to come forward. We don’t know exactly what the rule set is yet, but we think we’re in a very good position, especially the fact that we’re generating $800 million a quarter on top of that. So I’m pretty confident we will be well ahead before implementation of the ultimate target. The other question you raised is what additional cushions are there going to be or where should we be operating ourselves. We are analyzing that internally and we really haven’t reached a conclusion but we will shortly.
Todd Gibbons: No. I didn’t say that, Mike. We wouldn’t, I’m not projecting exactly what that’s going to be. All I can tell you is until we know exactly how this is all going to play out we are very well positioned to meet and there are actions that we can obviously take as well that would kind of lead progress ahead.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. John, our mix has been pretty consistent. We’re about 80% fee revenue and about 20% NII. The net interest income and the balance sheet tends to be liability driven. So as our clients grow, there’s frictional cash that will stick to our balance sheet. We can direct some of that into money market funds and other things, which we’ve done. So there’s not a huge need for us to actually increase balance sheets to support our – just for our business growth. We’ve always kind of looked at it maybe half or even less of the revenue growth would result. Let’s say the revenue growth rate was 5%, we would expect no more than, say, 2% of balance sheet growth associated with that. And by the way, the assets that we were going into versus where we were historically, are much lower risk-weighted assets as well. So you are not going to move the risk-weighted asset – risk-weighted assets by much through growth.
Todd Gibbons: It’s unlikely to be zero or negative but the change in risk-weighted assets could be. So we’re allowing the higher risk-weighted assets to run off and we’re replacing them by either zero or 20% risk-weighted assets.
Todd Gibbons: There has been a little bit over the course of the past year. Most of it has come because we’ve cut the dividend and we have a very high retention right now. And we’re generating -- it’s kind of an interesting model. We’re generating, Bob had indicated something like $800 million. Well, just the amortization of our intangibles is creating about $115 million a quarter in capital. So it effectively pays for the dividend.
Bob Kelly: That’s correct. And you got to remember, we don’t have all of the underwriting documents or anything like that, we have the note in the mortgage.
Bob Kelly: All we do is we would send back a tape, Betsy, that the documents are complete or what percentage of the documents are not complete and the requirement to remedy that would be -- would be -- the require would be at the either the seller or the servicer.
Bob Kelly: Initially, I think it would be fair to say that performance is steadily improving as well, so which bodes well for the future.
Bob Kelly: Sure. Under the Basel II there are capital requirements for operational risk. We would look at the money market funds and any potential support of money market funds under our operational risk and we do today Betsy in our economic capital, but we’ll just reflect that in our regulatory capital as well.
Bob Kelly: There were actually a couple things, I simplified it, but there are a couple of things. Within the other trading we do have some balance sheet hedges on, so we do do some currency hedging, which does not merit hedge accounting treatment, so it runs through the trading line that created about $8 million in losses. We have about $6 million of losses on our CDS portfolio, so we did obviously see an improvement in our provision as you might expect it was offset somewhat by the loan hedges that we have in that portfolio. And finally, the credit value adjustment in our derivatives portfolio that is largely driven by interest rates. So as interest rates go down, our receivable goes up and we expect to collect all of that, so basically the traders in this very low rate environment decided not to hedge at all because it’s a temporary, it will temporarily impact and we expect a recovery.
Bob Kelly: The only thing I’d add to that, Mike, it’s Bob, is clearly, there’s a lot of industry talk now about the whole ratings issue for non-investment grade securities and of course, most of our balance sheet investment grade, so we’re not as impacted. And there is quite a bit of worries that the weightings are just too tough for many asset categories and it could create much -- any time you have a situation where the regulatory requirement is higher than the economic requirement, it could create shadow lending situations. So I know the industry is spending a lot of time looking at that. And the other issue is what’s going to be the impact of systemically important banks versus non-systemically important banks here in the U.S. Certainly the early signals we’re getting is that there won’t be any material difference between systemically important and non-systemically important institutions, although, there has to be a little bit of difference.
Bob Kelly: Well, if I could, Mike, it’s just too early to say. There’s still a lot of uncertainty out there. We got to get through the G20 in November and there’s still a lot of clarity required. So, we’re the sort of company where we don’t want to advertise what we think are the facts until we actually know the facts and so we’re going to hold off on that. And in terms of dividend increases or stock buybacks, we would like to think we’re well positioned for the beginning of next year, we’ll see.
Bob Kelly: Actually, they were, on the equity side, more into Walter Scott but the bigger flows were into Insight and Standish.
Bob Kelly: Our responsibility is to receive in the documents and accept them and report back whether they are complete or not complete, not to test for their accuracy or whether they are fraudulent or not.
Bob Kelly: It’s a good question, Gerard. We don’t know all of the answers to that yet and given what’s going on with Basel III and where we are just generally in the regulatory environment today, we do hope that in the near-term we’re going to get more clarification of that in the coming few months. And I’m sure, I wouldn’t be surprised if there was a stress test involved using the various Basels I, II and III in terms of thinking process going forward. So I would say it’s still a little early but we’re still optimistic that the industry will have the opportunity to think about dividend increases and buybacks early next year. And the reason why I said what I said was just given the quality of our balance sheet and our excess capital generation we feel pretty well positioned. But it’s still a little early but we’re optimistic that we can get something done next year. We’ve never seen as much complexity in terms of the regulatory environment ever probably. And given not just Basel but also Dodd-Franks and everyone is trying to work through that, both the regulators as well as the banks. So it’s just too early to nail it down.
Bob Kelly: No. I really don’t have a good enough sense for it, Gerard, at this point. And I think it’s a – this is a – these are incredibly busy people, given all the studies they have got to do on Dodd-Franks and given just the real time activity going on Basel III. So obviously we’re all trying to be helpful and constructive and the regulators are extraordinarily busy people. So, and also I think they’re recognizing the importance of being globally competitive as well. We have a global economy, global financial institutions and we’re -- I know they’re working pretty hard, everyone is working hard to try to coordinate this around the world particularly between Europe and the U.S. in terms of the new capital standards and particularly about the quality in capital. And so it’s amazing how quickly everyone shifted from Dodd-Frank to Basel right after the passing of Dodd-Frank in July, and everyone is very focused on the process now and I would think there will be a lot more clarity over the next two or three months on this.
Bob Kelly: No. I wouldn’t say so. It’s -- there is a -- I would say there’s absolutely nothing out there that appears that the industry is or players out there are looking to sell or to partner with other players in a material way. We did -- we were pretty busy this year and it’s not clear to me we’ll be as busy in 2011 as we were in 2010 and we have, clearly have quite a bit of integration work to do. So it could be a quieter year, but on the other hand, what’s sort of new from, let’s say, six months ago or even three months ago, so I think you’re going to see as more and more people look at their business plans for next year and perhaps the year after, people are going to have to become increasingly focused on exactly how do they create shareholder value overtime and what are the businesses that they’re in that create value versus the businesses where they just are not competitive on a long-term basis. So I would expect activity to pick up over the next couple of years but it’s -- but probably not in the short-term and in the end it’s really up to the sellers versus the buyers.
Bob Kelly: One of the messages -- thanks, Jim. One of the messages, we’re getting loud and clear from our largest clients around the world is don’t sell us products. Tell us how we can increase our revenues or decrease our costs. We need long-term partnerships so understand our strategies, understand our business and how can you add value for us. That’s a different game than five or 10 years ago and we like that challenge, frankly.
Bob Kelly: Scott, it’s Bob. I’ve had that pitched to me several times internally. So we’re talking about whether or not we should do it. The thing I’m always mindful of is we’ve got an awful lot of stuff going on around the company and people are really busy. So we got to make sure that we do the basic stuff really well, i.e. continue to improve servicing and get our costs down. And if we feel we have some important messages we want to deliver, we’ll consider it but it’s a little early.
Bob Kelly: Well, maybe. The thing to bear in mind here is that we had a situation 18 months ago where everyone thought that all financial institutions were insolvent. Then we had a situation where everyone recapitalized and there was some euphoria going into the spring and everything was fabulous again. And then even though things are a lot better than a year ago, people are still -- they don’t feel as good as they did three months ago. So we still have a lot of volatility and uncertainty in these markets. So I want to give a little bit more time to take place before we consider doing something like that. We love our business model. We love our balance sheet. We love our cash flow and excess capital generation. And we’re still a little early in the regulatory process. And we want to get more clarity on the goals that the regulators set for us and what our ability will be to generate revenue and to, over time, increase the dividends and buyback stock. And so I’m not going to show up in front of our investors until we have greater clarity on exactly what our goals should be and that requires a little more clarity on where this economy is and what our regulators are going to be indicating that we should be doing over time. If we are in a position where that’s possible we will.
Bob Kelly: Tom, we did see quite a bit of growth just in the sequential quarter in balances. They were up 13%.Tom McCrohan – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. So that’s a good sign. So you really just, we need just the rates to get better.
Bob Kelly: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone. Appreciate you getting on the call and just as a reminder, please don’t hesitate to call Andy Clark with any questions. Have a great day.
Tim Keaney: About 120 converted in the fourth quarter which was a bit soft but we had a terrific fourth quarter. Bob mentioned the $480 billion. I must say a bright spot is -- third quarter, pardon me -- a bright spot is the contribution of the acquisition-related wins. I thought I might just characterize that for you because they are really helping a lot. The first category of wins is cross-selling GIS products into legacy BNY Mellon and vice versa, that was terrific. Those are really wins, the way we think about it. We wouldn’t have won had we not done this deal. The second category of wins is when we extend current products into new geographies and we mentioned the three big collateral wins in Germany. And the third category, we had five significant GIS current clients extend and expand their relationships with us and one of the signals we like about that is the strong support for the deal logic here. So, all in all very good momentum in the third quarter.
Tim Keaney: Yeah, Brian. It’s still early days. We’re still working on the plan but maybe I could characterize this at a high level for you because there is some real low hanging fruit there, very simple things like GIS was using another provider for custody. So we’re internalizing the custody and the foreign exchange flows on the back of that. GIS has a terrific transfer agency and administrative capability that Bob referenced, it’s already helping us in terms of cross sell. And obviously taking advantage of BNY Mellon’s legacy, securities lending capabilities and our derivatives 360 and collateral capabilities, marketing those into the GIS client base is all part of the plan but I think it’s probably going to take us another couple of months on the detailed technology agenda. And we can probably share that with you on the next call.
Tim Keaney: I think that’s really dependent on the technology agenda. So it’s still early days, we absolutely expect cost savings where we overlap. So in the custody area, there will be some clear cost savings there, some of our front office expenses and obviously as we decommission some of the overlapping technology. But the latter takes more time, to be honest. That’s probably -- the last bit is probably three years away.
Tim Keaney: Yeah. Tim Keaney here, Gerard. It’s been kind of between 60% and 70%, so it’s about as high as we’ve seen. And maybe a point we are elaborating on is if you look at our 10 largest wins for the quarters, about a third are takeaways from our primary competitors and about two-thirds are companies that are continuing to outsource both in the insurance space and in the asset management space.
Tim Keaney: Yeah. There are two primary reasons we hear, Gerard. One is the quality reputation. We work very hard to be number one in the lead tables in all three independent surveys. And number two and this is probably an important point to make, the bundle, more and more asset managers, insurance companies are bundling. So the fact that we continue to roll out and have enhanced our bundle through these acquisitions, have expanded geographically and have launched new products like Derivatives360, as an example, the more we seem to be a better fit for these companies that want to do more business with fewer people, so quality and the full service product spectrum.
Tim Keaney: Actually, I’d say it’s a very different story we’re seeing. About 20% of our new business pipeline includes clients considering going into the securities lending program. And we have a number of our clients that might have exited or cut back on their risk profile, looking to re-enter the program. And as we look at kind of what’s happened, I think we talked about this last quarter. We come back to a range that feels like this business has reset. The loan on balance range is anywhere between $260 and $290 billion and we’ve settled in at a comfortable 26 basis points. So I feel like the business reset and the long-term and near-term trends as more clients are looking to enter the program than exit.Tom McCrohan – Janney Capital Markets: Great. Thanks.
Tim Keaney: Tom, no history, never been a case that I’m aware of. We’re just acting as custodian.Tom McCrohan – Janney Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks.
