Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on what I know is a very busy day for you all. For the quarter, we generated net income of $505 million and earnings per share of $0.42, which compares to $0.54 in the fourth quarter of last year. I should note that the fourth quarter of 2011 included a restructuring charge related to our efficiency initiatives and some other items that Todd will cover in just a minute.  Obviously, it was a tough revenue quarter as our results reflected the ongoing macro environment challenges. The general uncertainty in the financial markets resulted in lower-than-normal levels of client activity. Now a good indicator of that is the combined share volume on the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ, which was down 6% year-over-year and 18% sequentially. It clearly has an impact on areas like our investment services fee revenues.  Investors have been very risk averse. We saw a lack of organic growth as our clients reallocated their assets in a more defensive posture, significantly to cash, in response to uncertainty in the markets. Money market fund managers, including our own, have been particularly conservative. They shortened durations and reduced European exposure, which resulted in lower yields and even higher money market fee fund waivers. Now despite those challenges, we were pleased with what we were able to accomplish in terms of winning new business, strengthening our balance sheet, controlling expenses and positioning our company for 2012. We are continuing to win new business. In Asset Management, we had positive long-term flows in every quarter in 2011. And in the fourth quarter, we had another strong quarter in terms of new assets under custody wins. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen in terms of liquidity, asset quality and capital.  On the liquidity front, deposit levels grew significantly. For example, non- interest-bearing deposits were up 93% year-over-year. Asset quality improved as our sub-investment grade securities declined 11% due to paydowns and some opportunistic selling.  And on the capital front, we generated almost $570 million of Tier 1 common and are ahead of where we expected to be in terms of Basel III Tier 1 common ratio. And excluding the restructuring charge, we delivered a very strong 20% return on that increased level of equity capitals. Now we did slow down our buyback program a bit in the fourth quarter to make sure we met our capital targets, but we are looking to resume our program this quarter. Now most of our core Investment Services metrics continue to look good, especially in clearing, but they were severely impacted by volume. And in Investment Management, we're encouraged by our continued strong long-term investment performance and positive flow.  On the expense front, we made meaningful progress in containing expense growth and bringing down our run rate as we have begun to realize the benefits of the efficiency initiatives we discussed at our Investor Day. Excluding the restructuring charge, total expenses were down 3% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. That's ahead of where we expected to be at this particular point.  Now those efficiency initiatives are still on their early days, so we have substantial benefits to come. But we're off to a strong start in terms of adjusting our cost base to manage through the current environment. Now I should also note that we closed the deal to sell our Shareowner Services business. We were able to get a good price for the business, and it takes goodwill and intangibles off our balance sheet and positions us to improve our profit margin going forward.  So lots of meaningful progress during the quarter. And while the revenue environment was tough, we believe the lower level of client activity is a short-term issue. Our fee revenue should recover quickly as we return to normal levels and activity. In the meantime, we're controlling our expense base to offset market weakness. We are investing in areas that will generate organic revenue growth. We're putting our deposits to work, and we remain very focused on returning capital to shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Todd to go through the numbers.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. Why don't I start on that and then ask Todd and maybe Curtis or Tim to jump in. I think we saw one client activity on the volumes decline to the shift into risk-off mode. So assets went into cash, or frankly, they went into deposits. And so you don't get an asset under custody fee if it's in a bank deposit. The same would hold true in the Asset Management side. So I think we just saw, as the year end approached last year, complete risk-off mode, so a decline in volumes, movement into cash, more risk averse, which doesn't allow for fee activity here in Investment Services or Investment Management area. We do think that that's short lived. Investors do have to invest. They do have to get a return, and I just think we saw a very soft fourth quarter that we don't expect to continue for the long term. But I know, Curtis, maybe you want to comment on the Investment Management side.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. And Alex, they were mostly small alternative managers or small broker-dealers who came to us by way of the GIS acquisition.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, Ken. Let's have Todd take the first -- the last part of your question, then we'll ask Karen to comment about the core business.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. Ken, a couple of things. One, we did see, as we expected, a decline in our headcount of about 900 people in the fourth quarter. So that obviously has some impact on our running rate on the compensation side. Obviously, our earnings were off, and so that lowers compensation. And so the combination of the 2 plus our initiatives starts to put in place a lower run rate in -- of those categories.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. Ken, we are allowed to continue the program that was approved for the -- and the Fed did not object to last year, and we plan to resume our buyback in the first quarter of this year.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. The loan growth for us is principally in secured loans to our financial institution clients, and it was really putting some of our excess deposits and cash to work for those clients rather than traditional loan growth that you would experience at other commercial banks.
Gerald L. Hassell: And the way to think about is all the money market funds, including our own, went to more cash reserves, less European exposure. That brings the yield down. Whatever securities we're already on, the yield has come down. So with less yield available to the investor, that's where the higher money market fee waivers come in. And as we said a number of times, we think we've been at the trough, but there sure isn't much left. And we shouldn't hit ourselves. The money market fee waivers across our firm are quite significant, and we are looking at other alternatives on how to offset that.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. The simple answer is the vast majority, the quarter-to-quarter decline in the percentage was Depositary Receipts. Depositary Receipts or non-U.S.-sourced revenues with the change in the seasonality and the significant swing in it, you saw the decline in non-U.S.-sourced revenues. So we think when you normalize all that, it's -- there might have been a percent or so decline but not much.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, certainly, the last part of the fourth quarter was very slow, and it started off the year a bit slow as well. We're hopeful that once we get through earnings season and investors start realizing they have to put money to work, for yield, we'll see normal client activity, but we did start off the year a bit slow.
Gerald L. Hassell: Thank you. And thank you very much, everyone, for dialing in on a busy day. And if you have other questions, please follow up with Andy Clark or the rest of our Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes, absolutely. From an Investment Management perspective, I mean the growth in AUM has absolute come in fixed income and as Todd mentioned, equity indexed products, so lower fee products in general. We've actually held our own pretty well in equity flows, where the industry, a pretty tough year generally. So we're happy about that. I think that what you're seeing in fees is really the impact of 2 things. And Glenn, to your point, it is a bit of a timing dynamic around performance fees. We have very strong quarter in the fourth quarter of 2010. We had a pretty good quarter this quarter just not as strong, and then fee waivers have definitely had a very significant impact as Todd mentioned. So money market fee waivers and lower performance fees are causing an offset to nice business -- new business growth.
Curtis Y. Arledge: So we're expecting, over the next 2 or 3 months, for the SEC to come out with some proposals. Again, they've gone in the direction of either moving to a floating NAV or to having some capital buffers put in place. There are other things that were suggested, redemption fees and some other things that have been proposed. We then think it will take 60 to 90 days of comment period and then it will go back to the SEC for a final -- any final rule changes sort of toward the second half of the year. Obviously, we're spending a lot of time thinking about where it might go, impact on clients, where the money might go, if there are significant changes to the industry. We do think that we may capture some of the shift inflows in other places, and we also think that the impact is going to be felt by clients who have [indiscernible] about how to manage their flows, as you could imagine. The point that has been made, Todd made a minute ago, that was I would tell you that the fee waiver dynamic is quite large already. And so the -- if there were a really negative impact, it has already been felt in lower yields. And so we -- today, I think that our 2a-7 business is only about 4% of total investment management pretax. So it is already -- the yield environment has already had a pretty significant impact on us.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes. The third quarter -- the drop to the third quarter actually was the steepest drop. The first and second were not terrible. The third was bad, and the fourth was just a little bit worse than that, just kind of a full quarterly impact of this client.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes. We have an array of investment products that have performance fees that are linked to benchmarks, either benchmarks or to absolute return goals. And so it's hard to say if equity markets are up, then performance fees are going to be up. And they are correlated. As you would guess, we have some fixed income products as well that have performance fees, but again, they're really geared more to the benchmarks than they are at the absolute level of markets. Really, it's a wide array of products that drives performance fees, so it's hard to correlate anything specific.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes. No, I haven't said -- listen. Clients -- there are array of clients that use money market funds for various reasons. Generally, they want to have tremendous liquidity and get the best deals that they can. If the rules actually change on making a floating rate NAV or with capital buffers making a difficult product, I -- we think that clients are going to look for alternatives. And we've had conversations with them about everything from ultra short duration fixed income products that would be the highest quality assets and try and maintain as much liquidity as possible. Floating rate funds, obviously, are potential interesting to them because of it -- it's more stable net asset values that could be had but not necessarily completely fixed as they are today. And clients, again, depending on how they use them, how they use money market funds, have different levels of interest in each of them. But we think that if the changes actually do occur and everyone has to step back and think about what they're really going to do in a new environment, that the people will have to shift to these products. And of course, Todd talked about our deposits. Banks are clearly going to see some of the flows go to deposits, and we think we've seen some of that. So it's good to have the ability to offer both.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Let me add a little bit to that Glenn and then maybe Tim wants to add something as well. One of the things that you don't see is -- in the fee side is as money moves out of money market funds, we are seeing it come onto our balance sheet, and that's why we've seen some of the growth in net interest revenue. It's not as meaningful as it would have been in the fee side in this very low interest rate environment, but that's masking some of the move. So there is some modest offset, not as much as we would like, just in the growth of the balance sheet due to that risk-off trade. Now Tim, if you have anything to add.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, just to clarify a bit, Glenn, the settlement was with the U.S. Attorney, not the AG. And so it was primarily around our marketing materials, and so we are -- we were happy to get that behind us. As far as the AG suits, that continues to progress. There's not much to add on that other than we think our legal defenses are very strong.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. It -- a lot of that tends to be, in our client base, there's a core amount and then there's some kind of what I would call episodic amounts. And we did see -- especially at quarter end, we saw a spike. When we saw it, once again, we actually saw negative repo rates at quarter end. So the core custody and trust deposits are seeing pretty continuous growth. And then from hedge funds and even in some instances, broker-dealers, we're seeing some spikes. Those spikes have mostly worn off now in the first quarter, and we're continuing at what I would call the -- what has become the new kind of core deposit base, which continues to show some modest growth.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think it is, because we are putting -- as Gerald mentioned, we're putting more and more of the cash to work. So if we -- say we move $20 billion out of the central banks, where we're earning 25 basis points and we can put them into securities and secured loans at 100 to 150 basis points, that can offset even the lower rate environment pretty rapidly. So we feel okay that we can stabilize. It's going to be hard to grow in this kind of an environment. Actually, what would grow the NIM the most is if deposits were to come off a little bit and just normalize.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, sure. I think that we've worked our way through that is the good news, so I don't think we'll see any additional impact, and we have some very high standards around documentation and anti money laundering and so forth. And so if our clients aren't going to meet those standards, we won't accept them as clients. That's what that was related to. And we did bump out a handful of clients, and we felt it in the -- mostly in the fourth quarter. And now that's built into our run rate, and we're building back off of that. And that...
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We actually -- we feel pretty good about it. The -- we're a little -- we actually did a little better in the fourth quarter than we anticipated. A couple of things went on there. We got some meaningful paydowns, and we're a little more opportunistic against some sales of our sub-investment grade securities. So that added to the benefit of Shareowner Services, and then we had -- we thought there was going to be a bit of an OCI adjustment that didn't take place. Let me make one thing a little bit clear here though. We were pretty tight on our leverage ratio with the substantial increase when we had a 93% increase, and that was just in the free deposits, but we also had a substantial increase in the rest of our deposits. We wanted to go ahead and build that ratio off a bit during the quarter as well. So we got the benefit of having a little pop in our Basel III Tier 1, but that's not what we were actually looking for. So now that we've sewn that up, we can go back. We're comfortably in the 60% to 65% what I'll call capital deployment range between payouts, between buybacks and dividend increases, and we're also positioned to restart or complete the program that we announced last year for 2011. The regulators do give you the -- or they don't object if you -- as long as we ask for it, and we did. They don't object that we continue to proceed against that program in the first quarter, and that's what we intend to do.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. I think we've been defensive on risk position as well. We don't need to leave as much short-term cash in the European banks. We're just leaving it in a handful of the -- of what we think are the strongest and the right regions. And that ended up building up a little bit in the central banks, which we intend to put back to work as we had -- as we described earlier.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Kind of the way we'd look at it, Ken, the pull-forward from the corporate actions from the third and fourth quarter, what we did is we just averaged the revenues in the 2 quarters, and we kind of compared that to averaging the revenues in the 2 quarters in 2010. But if you average those in the third and fourth quarter, our issuer services fees were flat sequentially. That kind of gives you, I think, a good basis. And they are down about 6% on a year-over-year basis, and I think Karen can give some more color on that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Ken, I don't think you'll see any impact on pretax earnings. You will see a bit of a reduction in the issuer services fee line, obviously, probably in, I'd call it -- the run rate in the past couple of years has been somewhere around $200 million.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Ken, let me add one thing there. We -- in a payout of 60% to 65%, that puts us in a retention every quarter, on average, of about 25 basis points increase in our Basel III Tier 1 commons. We think that's a pretty rapid retention rate, and there's no need for us -- it's -- we are now at 7.1%. So if we do that for the year, we're at 8.1% at the end of the year, we think that puts us in -- well ahead of where we need to be to meet the -- to meet our ultimate targets.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. For obvious reasons, Rob, we don't disclose actual litigation reserves, and we -- there's no reason to give anybody an advantage there. But they were down somewhat from what we had experienced in the third quarter, and they were up pretty meaningfully from what we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Is the question why? Or -- it did hurt by another $0.01. And the reason was that the yields in the money market funds continue to decline. I mean, Curtis, you can probably give some more...
Thomas P. Gibbons: No. I don't think so, Marty. I think this was -- probably was -- it was kind of unusual circumstances. We saw the very sharp spike, not in risk-weighted assets but just in the balance sheet, with the deposit growth in the third and also in the fourth quarter. Now that we have built that ratio up during the quarter and the fact that it will grow on a quarterly basis as we retain 35%, we don't see it any longer as a constraint.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Right. Actually, the constraint will be Basel -- the Basel III Tier 1 common. So that's going to be the ratio, I think, that you're going to really want to focus on. We don't see leverage as a problem.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, sure. I mean, we -- with our share price below book value, we certainly like buying our shares. So we probably will lean to the -- consistent with what we've said in the past. Right now, we look for a 20% to 25% dividend payout, and we'll make up the difference in share buybacks.
Thomas P. Gibbons: We don't feel that -- we don't feel the urgent need to sell any of them. If we see that there is a decent bid but we don't like the particular risk profile of any security, we've offered it. And if it gets taken, that's fine. If it doesn't, we'll live with it, pretty much the position that we've taken. We've actually seen an improved bid in the -- so far in the month of January, but at this point, we really haven't done anything.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. There's -- I would say that the -- what I've mentioned, Gerard, there are some spikes that we see some firms, some individual clients that might leave a significant amount of cash because of some kind of a transaction or something that they were doing. So that tends to -- that has fallen off. The underlying, what I call the core component of it, has been pretty stable, just showing modest growth over the last 3 quarters. We saw the big spike back in June and then it's been growing modestly thereafter.
Timothy F. Keaney: No, Todd. The only last point maybe I'd make is, Glenn, that we only converted about $165 billion for the quarter in new business. So that -- on a relative basis, as you look backwards, that was one of our lower quarters. The good news is of the $1.2 trillion that we won, we still have yet to convert about $530 billion.
Timothy F. Keaney: Exactly. And I think as Gerald mentioned in his opening comments, we see a lot of that converting by the second quarter.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Brian. I'd say it's still very early days. And I think as we talked about in the Investor Day, we're starting with the smaller clients, and we've got about 1,000 clients we're working our way through on the smaller end. Though it's probably still too early to give a full report out to you, but I'm somewhat encouraged by what we've seen. Certainly, as we reprice current clients, we're doing that with the new economic realities. So we're rebidding our business with minimum target profit margins and not being overly dependent on capital markets-related revenue. So I think that's probably the best way to answer your question. And when we win new business, and we have been successful with that $431 billion that we did in the last quarter, we're doing that with our new pricing disciplines in mind.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes. Brian, it's a cycle. Some of our clients are on 3-year contracts. A small number of our clients are on 4 and 5 year. And I just think it's going to take patience and discipline and work through that cycle, and that's exactly what we're doing.
Karen B. Peetz: Right. And Ken, I'm sure that global debt issuance was down about 7% year-on-year. And so the difference in corporate trust actually was issuance related and deal related but also money market fees in that category as well. And then the Shareholder Services business was pretty soft right before we sold it, as would be understandable. So the DR business continues to be pretty strong, and with that seasonality against the corporate actions happening now going forward in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, that's a change that you'll see stick for the future. But the business itself, pipeline is pretty good, very large win in Brazil that'll be public soon and a pretty strong pipeline otherwise. And we expect both DRs and corporate trust to be kind of in the 3% to 5% range revenue growth next year.
Karen B. Peetz: Yes. Yes, the run rate was lower kind of toward the end. Obviously, we announced the deal in April. And as soon as you announce a deal like that, as you can imagine, new business pretty much dries up existing clients. We did lose a couple of clients before the sale, and I think that's all just understandable based on that news coming out in the marketplace.
Karen B. Peetz: Yes. It wasn't meaningfully different. And from a pretax perspective, that's a very low-margin business. So it really didn't have any impact on the pretax.
