Todd Gibbons: Brennan, it’s Todd, good morning. Couple of comments there, number one just as a reminder on a year-over-year basis, last year is when we took the proactive actions around the deposits and we took them down about $20 billion to $25 billion of net fee, interest bearing as well as the non-interest bearing. As far as the quarter itself we saw a little dip in the non-interest bearing most of that took place in the month when there is relatively slow behavior and some of that recovered towards the end of the quarter. Our expectations is that we would continue to see moderate run-off in non-interest bearing especially if we see further rate increases and just to give you a sense of it, we went back and we looked historically. Non-interest bearing have averaged historically and much higher tax and much higher interest rate environments around 30% in our total deposits and are around 33 now. So if it retraces historical behaviors that seem to make sense to us. We could expect modest further decline.
Todd Gibbons: Well, the betas did tick up a little bit and we had pretty much forecasted that on the interest bearing side as well and we would expect with each future rate increase that you will see an increase in the betas. I don’t think competition has really changed too much but our expectation and what we forecasted as we gave you guidance around the net interest income for the full year is that we will see if there is another move, we will see more or higher beta with that move.
Todd Gibbons: Yes Glenn there is one large client attributed to almost all of that move in the quarter. It was not unexpected for us, it was the repatriated funds for their own reasons. So we don't necessarily see that as a trend, I mean there is a trend that it's declining a little bit but not to that extent.
Todd Gibbons: No I didn't question whether we are going to invest in growth opportunities. What my remarks meant to say is as we find more efficiencies in the company the question is whether we will take those additional efficiencies and invest them or not. So we are investing a tremendous amount in the business today. That's going to continue. What I was trying to point out there was as we figure out how to become more efficient overtime that creates additional capacity for us. So that just want to make sure we are clear about that. Listen I think when you look at the results that we have delivered over how much you have, I look back I guess going back to 2013 I don't know if it goes to back prior to that but the expense control that's taken place within the company is extraordinary in an environment where we are spending substantially more in technology, substantially more on regulatory requirements and kind of reasoning up the investments that have to take place to build the business. And so that's a lot of money that gets spent on those things and so yeah there has been a tremendous effort to reduce the things that don't make as much sense to free up capacity to spend money on those things. Having said that I think that I put it to maybe two different categories, number one is there is always more efficiencies that we had in any company even the most efficient companies lock in the next day and say okay how are we going to get more efficient at what we do separately from volumes growing and additional money to invest. So I think that's just even if were the best in class at everything that we did we would say that's what we would come in and strive as we go through our planning process and forecasting process to push ourselves. I did go through some specifics in my remarks which would suggest that I do think that there are still a series of things that will allow us to create more efficiencies that will then create decision point for us about whether to invest in additional things or to do some other things with that and it relates to just basic locking and tackling of reducing some of the process and bureaucracy and the layers that exist within companies like these and the more you do the more exposure you get to the next level of things. So I think it's a very natural progression from what's been done but you also mentioned something which really should be much more substantial which will take which is a multi-year project which is to figure out how we take – I want to say we have a tremendous amount of manual processes around the company. We have 52 or some odd thousands people I think we all believe that given the tools that are available today we can create more automation which will not just reduce the expense base that we can then figure out what to do with it but it will also improves the quality of our results. So part of the effort that we have got going on and we are going deep on is what does that multi-year effort look like what does it take for us to get from here to there over what period of time. It's not a one quarter one year exercise but it's something that we want to build into the long term plans and we know the opportunities are there, we just don't know the specifics yet.
Todd Gibbons: Yes Ken I can – that is exactly the point. So that authorization was contingent on additional issuance. We didn't think it would make sense for us to issue and then actually not need that form of tier 1 capital a year from now. And just put us in a better position to do just pure buybacks next year and beyond. So that's our thinking there.
Todd Gibbons: Yes I think it's kind of into -- it's all into, about a normalized range and we would see it grow as we see the businesses grow but probably in line and maybe a little less than in line with fee revenue growth, just for the balance sheet side itself. And one of the other things that we did is we did reduce some of our loan outstanding, some of those loans that were a little less productive than we wanted to and we actually will use that portion of the balance sheet to try to generate some more productive loan. So we do have a little bit of a – we certainly have room for growth and if the growth doesn't come we are going to have excess capital.
Todd Gibbons: So Mike you are asking from a servicing perspective, so I think Brian would probably be best to handle it.
Todd Gibbons: No I think you covered it really well. The Vanguard Blackrock own that business so it's not like anybody else is getting into it in reality but we do service ETF's both on even from an asset management we supply some of the intellectual content to some of the ETF providers and in addition to that we are in smart beta, we are in indexing, we are in the other elements of assets that are also growing and that's what we will continue to do.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. If you look at our capital ratios and what our internal targets are and why they are internal targets are established to make sure they're adequate both for BAU and also through stress testing. They are pretty well-balanced. So anything that we would grow would have to - we would be happy to grow it if it will achieve our targeted returns on capital. Otherwise the best use of that capital if we can't achieve the targeted returns is to do buybacks or paid it out it in the form of dividends. So that's the discipline that we've applied and right my point here is that we are pretty balanced. There is no one ratio I mean the SLR would give us a little bit of relief in kind of BAU but there is no one real ratio that is becoming a major constraint, I kind of like how balanced we are across the capital stack.
Todd Gibbons: And I should just point out that the kind of state the obvious which is the types of accounts that Michelle's referring to, whether big enough to take it in-house. The fee profile is very different than –
Charles Scharf: I don’t think I’m just saying much more at this point then I said in the prepared remarks, I think if there were things that we were doing which we were particularly concerned about or didn't think had same kind of profile that we would want going forward at this point I think we would have said something about it. And so, as I said in the remarks we are spending a fair amount of time going to our planning process. The assumption is that we should – that we are in a position to grow the businesses that we have today. What those look like relatively to each other honestly I think that's something which we will look forward to sharing more about when we get together for our Investor Day.
Charles Scharf: So Glenn just for clarity the issuer service line actually contains two of our businesses; one is the depository receipt business and the other is the corporate trust business. So as we noted DR was down 34% that's the entire in fact it's more than the entire decline in that line. The corporate trust business actual saw an uptake in revenues. And I will let Brian get some of the – if there is any detail he want to add to that Brian.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I guess first time you start just by broadening the topic a little bit which is just because I have spent a bunch of time going to the historical context not just of NEXEN but our entire technology investment. And I just think it's, I have mentioned this in my remarks we spend over $2 billion on technology. If you look at the resources that Bank of New York Mellon has dedicated to technology both core infrastructure as well as the different technologies that we are looking at towards the future that's been aided by the in-sourcing of a tremendous numbers of people meeting thousands of people over the past three or four years. Our net resources are up in the technology space and those resources are in multiple locations across the world with different sets of talents focusing on a whole range of things. So the focus on technology has been it's been deep and it's been broad at the company. So I hope what you took away from my remarks is that the focus that we all continue to have is to focus on both pieces and to continue to dedicate this outside the demand of our resources to the technology space. Specifically for the things that we described as NEXEN again in my prepared remarks I did go through the specific pieces, because I obviously just struggled talking very generically about NEXEN in its entirety. It’s important is when you look at the individual pieces absolutely those are things that we are doing which will help us do a better job not just providing service for clients but it will enable us to move much more quickly in the marketplace, allow them to access additional capabilities that we are developing or third parties are developing in a way which it looks across the company at a common architectural solution. So it's kind of hard to look at that and say that that's anything other than something that makes sense. The work that we are continuing to do is the work that's been ongoing which is to consistently to build [indiscernible] and ask the question are we putting all the resources in the right place, are we prioritizing things and that's ongoing work that we will do. So again I put this in the category of directionally absolutely supportive of everything that's been done, absolutely we believe that technology has to be a differentiator as time goes forward and we will talk more about it again when we get together in March.
Charles Scharf: Sure. So let's just start with the basics first which is when you look at our client base across the globe, huge part of the client base are common clients that someone like these would have so just as I walk in the door in terms of understanding who your client base is how they think about things, what the priorities are and just who the individuals are there is a high degree of commonality there. When we look at the opportunities that we have here we see a tremendous amount of flows both on the security side as well as on the cash side. Figuring out how you can do that as efficiently as you can and then continue to add value added services around it with both additional capabilities but also capabilities focused on data and analytics it's exactly the way these are things about its business. These honestly has a leg up because there is step ahead in terms of automation because that's just the way the business was originally built so we have got a lot of work to do here to put us in the position to be able to not just get those efficiencies but to create everything on a common platform in a way where it’s digital where you can do something with it. So the things that we can do with that are very, very interesting and in here too there is a lot that we are starting to do with it whether it's in our collateral management business where we are using the information that we have to do a better job for clients they get elsewhere because of the things that we see in the marketplace and the work that we can do to help them reduce their funding cost and reduce their capital requirements but just the opportunities to think more broadly about it is pretty extensive. And payments honestly, I have actually spent less time on our payment franchise here than I have on our asset servicing businesses or corporate trust businesses, the market business etc. etc. So not, I just, I choose to defer that a little bit until the next quarter that's okay.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I think my point of view is the same as the company here has had which is block chain is very real. But like any new technology it has to solve a problem in order for it to make a meaningful difference. When I was at Visa people used to talk about all of those things that are going to do something to change the payment experience at the point of sale and there is all this talk about mobile and all these other things and everyone sits and wonders why mobile phones haven't dominated the payment space in the developed part of the world and the reality is because what exist today works. Same thing relative to the network infrastructure versus the block chain structure, it's effectively real time. There is real global inter-connectivity with the high degree of transparency where it's required so not that it won't have impact overtime but that's not where those solutions should initially go. There are other places where your processes they are highly inefficient or and there is very little lack of transparency or there is resiliency issues that these things can solve. So as we think about our business we do have a fair amount of work going on inside the company that focus on block chain specifically we actually have a solution built, which I am sure Brian and Todd talk about in more detail in our government security clearance business where we are really using it as we have built it as a treasury back up so that we would both understand the technology but also potentially be in the position to expose it to the fed as well as our clients at a point in time that we are comfortable with it but the idea is that distributor ledger would be available with all the relevant information for the relevant counter parties if we had issues elsewhere. So I think just on something like that though in order for us to actually move it from treasury into some kind of production environment forget about all the testing and all the things that you need to do to be comfortable to platform just have to believe that it's a better solution than what you have today and not just better for us but better for client. So as we look across the business that's the way we are thinking about it and our view is as I said it's real but all these solutions as you do as you know do need trusted counter parties that is what we do for living in addition to providing the technology that we provide and the only thing I would emphasis is that when you think about what we do in all of our businesses each little service we provide is not something that standalone which is very easily disaggregated. When we provide core custody with clients that gives us the opportunity to do a series of things which we call part of assets servicing but there are series of other services that we provide there. When you have the securities it puts you in a position to talk about collateral and cash and all those things and so the ability to show up as a firm with the reputation and the relationships like us and provide those solutions not that we have heading the sand, but those are – those integrated relationships mean a lot and again what we do is generally – it is mission critical for our clients. So it's not a light thing for them not just to switch between material providers but to think about going to something by a much smaller third-party who they don't really know stand behind us.
Charles Scharf: Again, I think we will stay away from any kind of forecasting and stuff like that until we finish going through the detailed plans and that's obviously something we will talk about.
Charles Scharf: This is Charlie, the other thing I want to add is in my remarks I did talk – I did break out that our asset servicing revenues meaning our assets servicing revenue in the business grew 4% X clear which is 10%.
Charles Scharf: Yes. So I guess let me just start and then Mitchell and Brian and Todd can pipe in. I mean I think at the point of the comment that I made was, just the fact of life which is we do not have a sizable ETF business. My comment was specifically around the flows that people see not around the proper profile of our business necessarily or anything else like that. So just when you look at our flows versus others you're not going to see the same kind of low growth that we see elsewhere and we do have the same issue in the asset servicing side where you know our competitor has a much more sizable business themselves but some other business that they have out there as well. So that is a fact of life that we have to deal with on the asset management side it's frankly I think it's more complex issue than it is on the asset servicing side because on the asset servicing side it's not as if we are not in the business. It's not as if we don't have to continue to build capabilities over period of time and that's kind of on us to do it. The asset management question is much more broader strategic question which is -- but so what. It's okay we are where we are we do remind everyone I think [indiscernible] in general not ETS but in passes but the question is what does that ultimately mean for your business, what's the future of the actives versus passives and we have a point of you on here that we had on that, that's also something I think we should talk in more detail about in March. Anything you guys want to -
Charles Scharf: And I will just add that while the ETF market is concentrated in a few top providers which drive most of the flow there are more providers coming in. They are not massive yet but we are focused on servicing them and we're trying to deliver enterprise solutions so it combines ETS servicing, the authorized participant services which we provide from markets. We have the purging no transaction fee ETF platform that's a differentiator in terms of asset guys. So we have a more sort of holistic solution strategy that we hope will create some momentum in the marketplace and then lastly I would say that will the ETF business in the U.S. is pretty well developed, in Europe and in Asia there's really good development opportunities over time and I think we are positioning ourselves to capture more of that going forward.
Brian Shea: Sure. Happy to take it. I think the headwind in the broker-dealer market in general is that there has been consolidation in the broker dealer market and pressure on the broker dealer revenue and business model as a result of the DOL fiduciary standard. We actually there maybe some firms going self-clearing but we actually see the opposite. We see more firms actually considering lowering the structural cost, lowering the capital investor and actually outsourcing their clearing. We actually converted a pretty meaningful side self-clearing firm, platform in the third quarter and we have a pipeline of few others that we are in discussions with which I can't tell for sure how it will turn out but it shows a higher level of interest in self-clearing actually lowering and verbalizing their cost. So the market overall is convincing. But we are actually holding our own and gaining share and growing into a little bit smaller market. The other big dynamic which is accelerated by DOL but it's a long term secular trend is that there has been a shift from the traditional brokerage model to an advisory model and we are growing our RIA custody business pretty significantly as it had double-digit growth and continues to have double-digit growth on a consistent basis. So we are seeing more of the growth in adviser model that's offsetting some of the pressure in the broker-dealer model.
Brian Shea: No I think you have most of it. I think the single biggest driver of the decline in DR was fewer corporate actions which are episodic and spiky and they always have been. The loss clients were probably the second largest factor and they were really two large clients one really pricing and the other pricing is sort of a model driven and we have been trying really hard to maintain our pricing discipline deliver a solid margins in that business so that's reality so that’s going to be in our run rate for little while longer but and the other stuff was really more lower shares outstanding and slightly lower transaction volumes which is more secular we think than secular but you know it all depends on the market forces. But in terms of new business in DRs the issuance market is a little bit better than it was last year and although it's not softy and we are still gaining and wining more than our fair share while maintaining our pricing discipline so we are still the market leader I signing the new clients opportunities when they come to the market. And we are encouraged as Todd said by the corporate trust fee turnaround we had fee growth and corporate trust sequentially end year-over-year and so that's a good sign in terms of the longer term picture for issuer services.
Brian Shea: Yes it's Brian, happy to take it. I mean I think it's a combination of all those factors, we are getting some growth from the collateral management for sure. We are getting some core underline growth, we are getting some lists from the market and all those things are contributing to few revenue growth and we are also still pruning some businesses which is pushing revenue out where we don't think it's appropriate for example we are working through the final stages of the UK retail TA re-positioning which is otherwise lowering the few revenue growth but improving the operating margins and profitability.
Brian Shea: Yes. So, the UK retail transfer is the process it is almost completed by the end of the year. It's actually completed and then the revenue run rate will stabilize and of course we are still committed to the institutional and global TA business in UK and Europe and so that a growing opportunity for us and we are actually getting new clients in that sense. From a broker-dealer clearing perspective we are – we have invested heavily in the tripartite report reform and technology and again we've re-platform our entire client base to a new state-of-the-art broker-dealer clearing platform and that positioned us well to bring on new clients. So we have begun the transitions of the former J.P. Morgan government clearing and tripartite reform clients. We have started with the smaller clients but we have already converted about seven of those clients so far this year and we have more to review this year and we will be completing those conversions throughout the course of 2018. In addition we've on-boarded some new entrance from the marketplace and we continue to add new clients. So we see the broker-dealer clearing and domestic and global collateral services business as a core growth driver over the next couple of years. 
Brian Shea: Sure. We have a whole cross enterprise team including investment services, investment management working on not only helping ourselves comply, but helping our clients comply with it too. I think depending on the asset manager there is no question that -- puts pressure not only the cost to compliance but some pressure on the business model in terms of the elimination of soft dollar commission-based research. So with that depending on the fund company that has more or less impact on their margins. I think, so that does put some pressure on the core fees and core cost structure for asset managers. I wouldn't say that we - there is always some pressure on the core and what we are trying to do is extend the solutions of creating the source of new revenue. A great example would be we have a growing pipeline of middle office solution clients and that's because asset managers is increasing lower their structural cost whereby is a cost structure and focus more of the time in energy and the investment process and to Charlie's point about NEXEN, the ability to have a platform that can easily integrate third-party solutions which help asset managers and other clients reduce the amount of time and energy investment they make on vendor management, data integration, vendor integration is also helpful in terms of helping them lower their structural cost and in connection with [MISIT] and other pressures that are secular trends in the asset manager model, that's what I would say and if [indiscernible] wants to add.
Brian Shea: Well, I think there is a couple I mean we are multi-boutique model but the more we coordinate some of our trading activities we could clearly drive down our costs of research. Secondly it's kind of an intriguing one to me because we are kind of lazy we take a lot of research from a lot of brokers sometimes up to 50 different ones and do we really need it where we are talking soft dollars because they were free. It's creating a just a much stronger discipline and as such a large asset manager with so much data available to us we really should be doing around. So in many respects I don't see it being a significant cost, but I genuinely believe it's an opportunity that data we have in this organization is unbelievable and we don't leverage it where we use the street instead. So I think it inverts things in actually a positive way for large asset managers. I think it's and that's the other thing smaller asset managers are going to pay the price. The large ones, the big ones have an opportunity here. So it again I think is going to concentrate opportunity in the top few asset managers.
Brian Shea: No, we don't see it as a – it's Mitchell, we don't see it as risk. When you look at the average of outflows in the LDI business we do have one or two or maybe three extremely large LDI clients that actually naturally should take it in-house. They are just incredibly dominated. You are talking over 5 billion in assets. So it's not a trend that you're seeing it at all. If you look at our average w are averaging about 9 billion a quarter in positive flows that slightly better than 2016. It's better than 15 and then it’s better than 14. So the trend has been actually quite consistent at 7-8-9 billion for the last few three years. We don't see that trend changing. We see – we still see significant opportunity.
Brian Shea: Yes. I am talking about the net interest margin. It has expanded a few basis points so over the course of the year we would expect it to continue to improve modestly. So the answer is yes.
