Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For the quarter, we generated net income of $619 million and earnings per share of $0.52, which compares to $0.50 in the first quarter of last year and $0.42 in the fourth quarter of 2011.  Total revenues were up 6% sequentially. If you exclude the Shareowner Services business that we sold right at year end 2011, on a reported basis, revenue was up 3%. Now that improvement reflected the solid sequential growth in investment management and investment services fees. We clearly benefited from new business coming on board and improved market values. Now we achieved that growth in spite of the fact that levels of client activity remained lower than normal. Now as an indicator of that, volumes -- indicator of the volumes, the combined share volume on the New York Stock Exchange, the net effect was down 17% year-over-year and 10% sequentially.  Lower volatility in the currency markets also negatively impacted our foreign exchange and investment services fee revenues. Most of our other core investment services metrics showed positive trends. And in investment management, the key metrics we focus on are flows and investment performance. We had our 10th consecutive quarter of positive long-term flows of $7 billion, and we're pleased to see nice improvements in the performance of our U.S. equity products. So overall, the trends remain encouraging. While we can't control market conditions, we made good progress in controlling what we can, which is winning new business, managing our expenses carefully and strengthening our balance sheet.  On the new business front, in addition to the positive long-term flows and investment management, Asset Servicing had its strongest quarter in terms of new business wins in 12 months. I should also mention that during the quarter, in Asset Servicing, we were ranked #1 in our peer group in terms of service quality in both the R&M and global custody surveys. That speaks to our success of maintaining our focus on our clients as we transform the Asset Servicing business to simultaneously improve the client experience and business profitability. In fact, our quality scores rose year-over-year, which is encouraging.  On the expense front, we're seeing the early benefits of our operational excellence initiatives. On an operating basis, total expenses were up 4% sequentially, which mostly reflected higher litigation and legal expenses and some seasonal staff expense. On an operating basis, again adjusting for the sale of Shareowner Services, revenues were up 6% sequentially while expenses were up 4%, producing 200 basis points of positive operating leverage. In terms of capital, we generated nearly $700 million of Basel I Tier 1 common, and we delivered a strong 21% return on that increased level of equity. We also repurchased more than 17 million shares during the quarter.  The strength of our balance sheet was borne out by the results of the latest Fed stress test, which reflects the strength of our business model and the excellent quality of our balance sheet. The results also show our continuing ability to return capital to our shareholders while maintaining our strong capital position. As a result, there was no objection to our annual capital plan, which includes the continuation of our current dividend and the repurchase of up to $1.16 billion of outstanding common stock in the next 12 months. This is consistent with a combined dividend and share buyback ratio of 60% to 65% that we have discussed at our Investor's Day.  So again, nice progress in those areas that we can control. Looking ahead, we continue to believe the lower level of client activity is a cyclical issue and that our fee revenue should recover quickly as we return to normal levels of activity. In the meantime, we're focused on delivering a high-quality service and high standard of investment performance to support our revenue growth, reducing our cost through operational excellence initiatives and maintaining our financial strength, which is enabling us to rapidly return capital to shareholders.  So in summary, it was a solid quarter, and we're delivering on all of the items we laid out for you back in November at our investor conference. So with that, let me turn it over to Todd to go through the numbers.
Gerald L. Hassell: I think, Betsy, it's really a function of good expense management. And Tim can talk to it a little bit more, but last fall, we started -- not started, but we really focused in on reducing the expense base and the employee base to better match the revenue growth that we were experiencing. And so I think those programs have kicked in, and it's really been principally on the expense side, controlling that as new revenues are coming on board, and so that's allowed for the margin to expand.
Gerald L. Hassell: About $300 billion is the -- probably the average balance sheet size. The fourth quarter, we saw the spike in deposits when everyone was bleeding cash with us, and that's more normalized. So the $300 billion range in the net interest margin and this 130 to 140 is probably about right.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, just a couple of quick comments on that. I think we were, as we are -- we tend to be relatively conservative in our approach to capital plan. When we submitted the plan, we did not want to break any ratios, even under a stressed environment. We also wanted to maintain that 20% to 25% payout for dividend and 60% to 65% payout in total, including buybacks. We were well within that -- within those numbers, even in a stress scenario. And I think it just shows the resiliency of our business model and the flexibility we have going forward. So time will tell on what we'll do beyond what the plan is today.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, no, we continue to feel very good about our position as trustee as these cases have been going through the process. As you may have seen, we got a favorable ruling here in the state of New York around the BofA settlement. I think it endorsed, again, our role as trustee and the limitations of our liabilities. So we still feel quite good about our position as trustee in these situations.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, John, I'd just add on to that. I'm quite encouraged with how the teams are collaborating across the businesses and really focusing on the client and the client needs and whether it's investment management providing products for those who are looking to invest their monies or a variety of different other services that we offer to our clients. I just think we're really working much better together across our businesses, and at the seams of our business is to provide solutions to our clients.
Gerald L. Hassell: And I'd say, Glenn, just add to it. Again, the beauty of our business model is we have a whole series of boutiques with a variety of different investment strategies. And so as people shift their thought process to different types of asset classes, we're able to capture those flows and internalize it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, again, I think we are in a more normalized balance sheet environment. We have to remind you all that right at year end last year, we had a significant spike in deposits, as everyone was in a risk-off mode. We probably had $20 billion to $30 billion of "excess deposits" right at year end. That has more normalized and burned off, so to speak, and we're running at an average balance sheet in the $300 billion range, and that feels about normal for us, given our client activities.
Gerald L. Hassell: It certainly is our goal. And just as we laid out for you in our Investor Day in November, even in a slow-growth environment with the kicking-in of our initiatives, we expect to produce positive operating leverage over the course of the year.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, we provide FX services across all the markets, the developed and emerging, to a pretty broad-based client base. And therefore, we do trade and provide capabilities across all the markets. And I think that's one of the reasons why when we describe a decline in volatility why it impacts us the way it does. And as Tim mentioned earlier, we're continuing to address the market demands and provide services that meet their needs. And it's not surprising with a low-growth environment for everyone across the board and slow economies that this kind of activity is viewed very, very competitively. So our job is to try to capture as much volume that touches us as humanly possible and to be sensitive to client demands.
Gerald L. Hassell: That's exactly right.  Well, thank you very much, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you have any further questions, please give Andy Clark or [indiscernible] a call. And we appreciate you dialing in. Have a good morning.
Timothy F. Keaney: Sure, Joe. Yes, as you mentioned, we're starting at the smaller client range. We've identified a universe of about 700 clients to go after first. We're about 50% through that process. We hope to be done to the entire universe in June. We've had about a 70% success rate, keeping clients at an increased rate. And I'm also encouraged that we've had about 9 larger clients, so clients that pay us over $0.5 million a year or more, that have come up for review, we've retained 9 out of 9 with an increase in fees. So it's still early days.
Timothy F. Keaney: No, I would just say, Todd, looking forward, we see a huge opportunity to increase the percentage of volumes that should naturally be coming to us as custodian and asset servicer, and we're razor-focused on launching some new products to collect that volume. We're pleased with the launch of our Defined Spread program, which we launched in February. We've gotten around to about just about all the clients. Kind of it's very good news. About a little over half of the clients have decided to stay in our current range-a-day [ph] program. And about 40% or so have signed up for the new Defined Spread program. So we're watching very carefully. The key mission for us is to increase the volumes. And we're focused on launching the new products, and we'll be watching that quite carefully.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Betsy, it's really a mix point. We've been talking about this now a few quarters in a row. We've been winning a lot of new business in middle-office outsourcing and transfer agency, which really aren't geared to AUC. I think you see the opposite kind of playing through in the year-on-year results, but it's definitely a business mix point that you're -- you have raised.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Brian, I would say overall, broker-dealer services was a small portion of the story. I think it's absolutely a net new business and flow story. I think Todd might have mentioned the $450 billion still to convert. We converted just over $300 billion in the last quarter. We expect to convert what hasn't been converted in the next 3 months, and it's an excellent mix of business. It's good, solid, core fee business in middle office outsourcing custody and transfer agency. And I think as we've talked about before, that's really sticky business.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, the 70% of the clients have agreed to the repricing, Brian. And of the clients that haven't yet, that doesn't mean they won't. A very small majority, a very small number of the clients, pardon me, that have said they're leaving us actually haven't told us whether or not they found a custodian to take the business. So it's 70% have accepted our new pricing. And as I mentioned, we're only halfway through that 700-client base. So it's still early days. And I'm just reminded to say it's a very different story at the high end of the business. So the largest clients that are multiproduct that are in the securities lending and foreign exchange program, it's still very, very price-competitive.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, the accretion was down a bit to about $80 million on the quarter, and that's probably about where it should run for the next few quarters. And the fee waivers were just about flat with the fourth quarter, maybe slightly improved. And that's costing us somewhere between $0.05 and $0.06. It's kind of in the middle of that, Brian.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes. And actually, I think it's really important to understand the composition of the flows, because -- too often, I think we use AUM as a blunt instrument to describe what's going on. If you go back to a year ago, first quarter of 2011, a lot of the flows were very much index-oriented and fixed-income-, sort of low-fee-oriented. So we actually had a $31 billion positive flow a year ago and it generated about $26 million in net annual revenues. The flows have definitely shifted more toward active mandates, again, with an international flavor. Both international stock and international bond flows have been favorable. And then within bond flows, we've seen more of a move to emerging market debt. That's true for us. I think those trends are generally true for the industry. We are well-positioned. We have good performance, good investment teams in those categories. So the flow numbers are not necessarily as big. The $7 billion of long-term flows this quarter actually generated more net annual revenues. So I really do think it's important to understand both the AUM and the net revenue composition of the flows. And again, I think it's too early to say that people are re-risking aggressively, but there absolutely is a shift away from more passively conservative-oriented products to investors, thinking that at least some of the chaos and volatility is behind them and they are putting money back to work, maybe to eventually earn a return, and in a low-rate, low-return environment, they are deploying more capital.
Timothy F. Keaney: One of the -- maybe one other point I would make is that there definitely is also a trend away from investors buying products, and they are definitely looking more for solutions. The types of investment offerings that we have that appeal to them really are in the absolute-return, asset-allocation, real-return categories. So I mean, the balance fund of old is, in many ways, making a comeback as investors really are spending more time looking at their liabilities and trying to find a solution that is well-matched to it. And again, we have a number of investment offerings there. I'd actually say it also fits BNY Mellon well as a firm. The clients are trying to figure out what is my overall solution? They're actually asking who understands my overall needs? And when you have a large institution where you are both their asset servicer and manage a lot of their assets, you tend to be one of those people who really does have a holistic perspective on the entire client issue.
Timothy F. Keaney: Sure, Todd, I think I just -- maybe at the risk of repeating myself a little bit. I think on the very largest end of the market, the very large clients by asset terms that are looking to leverage a number of our products and services, including securities lending and foreign exchange, it's just still really competitive. But for us, it's about trying to do more business with those firms, given the range of products and services that we have. I have seen a bit more pricing pressure when you get to smaller clients and unbundled clients. So I think that's probably the best way to characterize it at this point. And if there's an area where there might be still a little bit of pricing and rationality, I would say, it's just generally in the public fund sector. And as we've said before, we're just staying incredibly disciplined, making sure that every client, no matter what size it is, is hitting our minimum profit thresholds. And if that means we lose a couple of clients, we lose a couple of clients.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Jeff, we cover over 100 markets, so our revenues are very client-focused. So it depends on our -- what the business activity our clients is, and that's what's driving our revenues. But we do cover just about every conceivable market.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, Alex, it's Todd. I would say it's consistent with what we have seen in the past. So the volatility impact was very direct, so the same percentage that we saw. The decline in volatility that would have impacted our earnings reflected right through to our numbers. The level of standing instruction actually rose a bit in the first quarter. But we saw, on a sequential basis, volumes, total volumes, were absolutely flat. I don't know, Tim, if you have anything to add to that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, it's going to show up in the third quarter. We're going to delay the increase until July 1. And there's also -- I want to bring to your attention that the accelerated of our -- acceleration of our equity programs, there's a seasonal impact to that. So as employees near retirement age, we recognize 100% of that expense in the period that it's granted. So that had a quite a big impact, probably at least a $30 million delta to what we would see in the second quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, if you notice that our assets under custody are up about 3% sequentially. And I think you'll see out that our revenues are up about 6% sequentially in Asset Servicing. So Tim, you might want to comment on that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I would say that's about what the seasonality was. I think that's -- it kind of nets out to about that number, Cynthia.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, okay, I think normalized in this abnormal environment is about where we are. So in a 0-rate environment, it feels like about 130 to 135 type of range is what we could squeeze out of the NIM. But there are a lot of factors that will impact that, because if we see a shot, one way or the other, we could see balances grow. But if we don't see any meaningful change in behavior or any meaningful change in interest rates, our balance sheet seems to be behaving pretty stable at about this level, which is about where we closed to the third quarter -- it's about where we closed to the first quarter, I'm sorry.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Cynthia, I'd say the DR business is pretty volatile because it's episodic with corporate actions, and so that's a little harder for us to forecast.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It is. I mean, it's -- and it's a reflection of activity that's going on primarily in the emerging markets. Corporate trust is a reflection of what's going on in the debt issuance. And with the lack of a structured debt market, it's a little more challenging.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I'll take the -- when we submitted the CCAR, you do submit it on a quarterly basis, and our plan is to do it ratably throughout the course of the year and, actually, over the following 4 quarters, because now it does really stem into the first quarter of next year, so it's a continuous 4 quarters. In terms of the dividend hike, I mean, we had indicated at November that we'd be in the 20% to 25% range as a payout. And I think, we're -- given where consensus is, we're falling into that range. I don't know, Gerald, if you have anything to add.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we're up to a 560 leverage ratio. So we're pretty comfortable with where we are right now. We can actually take on quite a significant increase in deposits. And so we build, I mean, as you can see, we're building even with this type of activity. So we bought back a lot in the first quarter and paid our dividend. We continue to build both tier -- Basel I and Basel III capital. So we think that's much -- going to be much, much less of a constraint for us on a go-forward.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I'd like to see us keep it above 5.25 or so. We have gotten as low as 5, 5.2, 5.10, something like that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. In the other income line, you can see we've had some volatility that's probably been in the $60 million to $150 million type of range, depending on some of the one-off items like seed capital, the sale of Shareowners Services, the -- and we do from time to time as we're winding down our lease portfolio sell off some of those leases at a gain. I think the normalized, what's the normal in that line item? It's probably in the $80 million to $100 million range.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Brian. Why don't I start with the last question. I think the period-end point was really a spike, and it was a spike in the fourth quarter, and that was mostly noise. I think there was a little bit of a move into risky assets, as we just discussed. In terms of the -- looking out, I mean, there are a couple of things to look at that could have different impacts, I would say, on the deposit base. One would be if there is a significant -- if the rating agencies significantly downgrade other financial institutions, we may see more deposits directed here. Another item is what I mentioned, regulatory reform, both money market reform and, for that matter, FDIC insurance. So depending on what happens, whether there's an extension of the significant FDIC insurance that exists today, that could be -- could go either way for us, since we're so -- since we have such a strong balance sheet, we could end up seeing more deposits, or you could see the deposits moving elsewhere into some other lower-risk type of assets, such as treasuries. In terms of money market reform, you could -- depending on how significant it was, obviously, that will take some time. You could see a move out of money markets into the deposit base. So there's a lot of uncertainty and variables that -- which is what I was alluding to there.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, there's -- no, Glenn, we really -- I don't think it would be in our interest to disclose which items any of the provisions are related to.
Thomas P. Gibbons: No, we have not indicated what our provisions are. But we do give a very clear indication with what the potential risk to us is on STARS. By the way, that trial just began this week, and we continue to believe we've got a very strong tax position there.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, it's really -- there's 2 contributors there. We have a little higher operational risk, I would think, than average. But by far, the largest contributor is the treatment of the sub-investment-grade securities portfolio, and that portfolio was almost $4 billion. It's attracting about the equivalent of $50 billion of risk-weighted assets. So that's burning off a few billion dollars of risk-weighted assets a quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, the -- that's probably got about a -- it will slowly trend lower as you see prepayments in that portfolio. So you can pretty much just look at it as a yield adjustment on a portfolio at a little -- that's now a little over $3 billion, and that's probably amortizing at about 20% per annum. So you can just look at it that way, Andrew.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I think it would be, Andrew. That's our best guess. There's probably still some deposits here, some free deposits that are here because of this "extremely low interest rate" environment. That if we do go into a normal environment of a "couple of hundred basis point" Fed funds rate, we'd see a little smaller balance sheet, but we'd see a heck of a lot higher yield on it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: You can -- it would -- basically, before I think we're going to see that environment, that discount accretion is going to have burned off. So I think we can pretty much the -- what we tried to point out in November is we're adding -- we're putting some assets to work at enough yield to offset the discount accretion burn-off.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, the -- it is a little higher than we had indicated in the past. What we had indicated historically for the past number of quarters here is that 100-basis-point immediate shift in short-term interest rates would have something like a $500 million pre-tax income impact to us, assuming there wasn't a significant change in our client behavior. That number is probably a little higher now. It's probably over $600 million.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes, we've definitely seen flows out of those deposits and money funds generally moving back into re-risking. Flows have been into international equity markets and bond markets. So there's definitely been a theme of investors who are re-risking being more diversified in their approach. It's hard to know exactly where deposit flows and money flows go. But from AUM flows, there is some re-risking going on.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes, I mean, we obviously, have clients that have relationships across many of our asset management boutiques. And when they have a relationship with us and they also use our money funds or our deposits to hold cash, we're always talking to them about their holistic needs, whether they are positioned well against their liabilities, do they have the appropriate amount of diversification, again, around their global portfolios. And I'd say we're actually making real progress. It's one of -- I'd say it's one of the biggest opportunities for us as a company is to continue to mine the holistic relationship. Clients can hold cash with us. They can also invest across a wide array of equity and fixed-income products. We're going to be announcing later this week a new head of our client distribution function, really to continue to work very closely with the investment services team around broad relationships, and so I think it's a really big opportunity for us.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes, no, I think that we -- 6 months ago, I would have thought that there might have been something in place by the end of the year. As all of you have read, the SEC proposals or suggested proposals, they're still, I think, discussing with themselves exactly what they're going to put out. So I do think it's going to be more of a 2013 implementation here. Obviously, there are other regulators besides the SEC that are focused on this. So we do think that something is forthcoming. But I think the industry has definitely helped the regulators understand the dynamics of floating NAV, the challenges that, that would create, both operationally and really limit the convenience of the product. And so there's a lot of active dialogue going on, as you well know, but I think it will take the rest of this year, really, to figure it out.
