Gerald L. Hassell: Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, robotics. So right now, we have three bots – 30, I'm sorry – 30 bots in production right now across six different processes. We're very encouraged by the results. It's really taking some of the manual mind-numbing exercises out of the process and doing it at a lower cost. So we started with a couple of bots in one process and we since expanded it. So we're actually pretty encouraged by the upside associated with this. We think we're in the early stages of it and we see other applications across other processes. So, I'm actually encouraged by it and think it could be a real potential upside for us. On market data, as we pointed out in the opening comments, we've reduced terminals, we're reducing data feeds. If you think about our company, we have lots of market data feeds in so many different business areas. We actually have an effort underway to look across the enterprise to see if we can either reduce the number of feeds, consolidate the number of feeds or certainly negotiate the cost of those feeds a heck of a lot better than we've done on an individual business-by-business basis. So again, we think there's some further upside to reducing those costs associated with market data inputs.
Gerald L. Hassell: The reported operating leverage numbers will essentially be – they're pretty currency-adjusted ones.
Gerald L. Hassell: Ken, I just would like to add, when you look across the markets, whether it's emerging markets' interest rates, whatever the case may be, our core underlying businesses I think are performing reasonably well. Issuance in the Corporate Trust area in DRs has actually been down, but we've had a higher-than-market share gain in those spaces. And so while it's flat, when you look at the overall market activity, us being flat is actually a positive. When you look at asset servicing and you think of some of the things that we've won here, I think the core underlying business has got some pretty decent solid momentum. In clearing services, even though we've lost business on a year-over-year basis, to fully recover that and show a little bit of increase, again, I think the core underlying business is performing well.
Gerald L. Hassell: And then, Glenn, the answer on the foreign exchange, as we've commented in the earnings release, we continue to see – and it's been a relatively long-term trend – a shift in client activity from either the old standing instruction type of activity to negotiated rates and electronic platforms as the market continues to become more competitive on a price point of view, and that's been absorbed in our foreign exchange results. And we, of course, have built out additional options for our clients and they're utilizing those options, but we did want to call out the fact that there's been a shift in the activity.
Gerald L. Hassell: But, Glenn, if you think about it with a lower-for-longer interest rate environment and pension liability is not declining, these firms need to come up with a better solution to match the liabilities against the returns on the assets. That's exactly what our firm does, what Insight does. It really knows and tries to understand the liability structures and develop investment returns to better match it. Pension funds all over the world are struggling with this.
Gerald L. Hassell: So, Mike, on head count, yes, we've added some head counts in the technology sectors. We finished insourcing the contractors and have application developed largely in-house now. We've added some folks in the asset servicing and operations areas to support the new business we've taken on and some of the strategic initiatives that we've taken on with clients. But I think I'd really point you to the fact that the staff expense has been down. So we're putting people in the right locations at the right levels to offset the increase in the head counts. So we're really trying to manage staff not just purely from a head count point of view, but from an overall cost perspective. And I think that's the more important way to look at it. And yes, we have additional people doing certain things to match the activity on the client and the initiative side. So...
Gerald L. Hassell: And the regulatory side. We've insourced and are building a more sustainable capability to deal with the regulatory items that we're being asked to deal with. So instead of using consultants and a lot of third parties, we are building sustainable teams to be able to handle whether it's CCAR, CLAR, resolution plans, whatever the case may be, and we think we're doing it in a more cost-effective way.
Gerald L. Hassell: And the final part of your question, we do see an ability to garner additional gains out of our business improvement process to offset these cost increases, to be able to sustain a flat to decline in expenses through the course of the year.
Gerald L. Hassell: And I think the volatility uncertainty in the market, there's a lot more cash being held in general.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. Great question. Thank you for it. We are extremely well positioned. We already have in place and have had in place for a long period of time a Belgian Brussels bank. It is well established. It's an operating center. It has capital liquidity, governance, management, everything that a European bank is required to have. And it's already passportable across all of Europe. In addition, we have a UK bank and we have a branch of our institutional bank in the UK. We also have a bank in Luxembourg that's also fully registered and then we have operations in Ireland as well. So we think we have lots of choice for our clients as they go through this. And, particularly, the fund managers, when they have to think about the jurisdiction of their funds, if they have to move them from the UK to a European-passported location, we are very well positioned to help them get there. So we think we're in good shape operationally to help our clients deal with whatever impact Brexit offers.
Gerald L. Hassell: One, I think it's early to tell. I think our clients are all going to go through is does it make sense to make the shift. They're going to go through the process of is there marginal activity that warrants continuing to make the investment and/or shift versus shutting it down. I think we're very early in the process, but we have the expertise and the legal entities and the structures to be able to help our clients navigate those decisions.
Gerald L. Hassell: It's an interesting question. We always want to maintain great credit standards before jumping into something like this. We also have to be mindful of the effect to the balance sheet. And so, there is opportunity for us to be direct with certain clients. And so, on a client-by-client basis, we're looking at it carefully.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yeah. I would say in the UK, we're very, very active. We're just beginning in the U.S. and just beginning in other parts of the world. And we actually have an initiative going on here in the U.S. extending the Insight business model here. We did a small acquisition last year that's integrated into Insight to address that very issue. So, we're moving around the country and having that dialogue as we speak.
Gerald L. Hassell: I would say generally, yes. There's lots of accounting challenges associated with pension liabilities and pension accounting in company's balance sheet in the U.S., so it's not an easy answer. We want to help manage to the returns, the pension funds we're looking for. We don't want to assume the pension liability. Some insurance companies are actually buying the liabilities. We don't have an interest in doing that. But we are interested in working with either the companies or those who are taking on the liabilities to manage to a prescribed return.
Gerald L. Hassell: Okay. Well, thank you very much everyone for dialing in. Sorry, we had to cut off the questions, but we're over time. But I know Valerie Haertel and her whole team are available for additional questions and thank you very much.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. I think on the equity front, you're seeing less of the tax arbitrage than what you had seen in previous years. And so that was typically a second quarter event with dividends. And if you look at the increase in the spreads that we did see in the quarter, I think there were more specials in government securities, so we did benefit a little bit from that. So if you look at the total securities lent, they're down slightly on a year-over-year basis, but you can see the spreads are improving quite nicely as we, I think, manage down some of the risk-weighted asset implication to it and are a little more selective on what we're lending and generating a little bit higher yield out of what we are lending.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Alex. So the guidance we did give, so I'd say it's a little bit improved from what we had previously given, and that is on a year-over-year basis. We do expect to be flat, perhaps down a bit on total expenses. And that includes a number of headwinds. We have the higher distribution fees related to fee waivers. It's kind of a good expense. So as the fee waivers abate, we incur that expense. The government assessments are going up substantially. So, the Single Resolution Fund in Europe, the bank levies and increased FDIC expense is up substantially. And then, we've mentioned the higher regulatory cost associated with compliance with the resolution plans as well as the demands around CCAR. So those are all incorporated into the run rate that I just mentioned. All other expenses should more than offset what I just mentioned. So our staff expenses are going down for a number of reasons. Some of the automation, some of our location strategies are paying off. We've been able to manage down our legal expenses substantially. Some of that is because of the number of matters, and some of that is because of some of the actions that our legal team has taken to reduce those costs. We've been able to manage down even in front of all of that, did a lot of consulting expenses where you see a lot of the regulatory compliance come in. But despite that, we've been able to manage down some of our consulting expenses. Our real estate strategy is a paying off and we expect real estate and occupancy expenses to be down for the year. So it's really almost across the board. It's no one thing, Alex; it's a very large number of small items.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. So there are two things that are going on there: one, the hedging loss. That is a net gain. And so, geographically, it's a gain in trading and a loss in NIR. We didn't expect it to happen two quarters in a row, but it did and it's related to hedging the company's debt issuance. And that – and the combination of the increased amortization, and that was just largely driven by the very sharp drop in rates that we saw right at the end of the quarter when we make that adjustment. The combination of the year-over-year basis was about $25 million, so it hit the NIM by about 4 basis points.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So what we guided in the third quarter, assuming that the Fed doesn't take any action in the third quarter, that we would expect NIR to be flat with the number that we just posted. There could be some additional debt issuance that we would incur in the quarter, as well as I had mentioned that we are going to reduce the balance sheet with some of the unfriendly – what we call LCR-unfriendly – the liquidity coverage ratio-unfriendly deposits as well as some of the lower-yielding repo that we have on the books. That combination should substantially improve the SLR ratio and I think put us in a good position for next year's compliance. And there's a possibility there could be additional TLAC post that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It really is, Brennan, because we have not – we've simply not been able to complete the financial analysis at this time. And I probably should give you a little more color. Effectively, if we need to issue TLAC to preposition so that we could support, say, the institutional bank in the time of crisis, what we would do is we would issue debt and we'd probably invest it in a similar duration, high-quality liquid asset. Let's just say it was treasuries. That costs us about 100 basis points. So we end up doing $5 billion of that. It's going to cost us about $50 million over the course of the year.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It's possible, but I don't have it at my fingertips. It's almost not impactful. There was more noise within the currencies, so you saw a move between sterling and euro but the net impact was relatively modest, less than 100 basis points to revenue or expenses for the entire company. So net-net in operating leverage, that doesn't do much.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, think about it. It's 1%. It's approximately 1% of both. So, net-net, that's not going to do too much to operating leverage.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. Brian, in terms of the – it's a little less than $10 million, but somewhere approximating that...
Thomas P. Gibbons: ...and on the lease exit costs. And from time to time, you're going to continue to see us do this as we manage our real estate portfolio. So, it just makes sense for us to get back some space to consolidate and just improve our workspace in general. And in terms of the fee waivers, we do reflect what our projection is throughout the rest of the year and that's incorporated – excuse me, our distribution fees. That's incorporated into that number. The assumption that we made in the number is that there's no additional Fed tightening.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. So in terms of Brexit, a little bit frustrating. It was probably a negative for us for the quarter. So what we saw was a little bit of an increase and a little flurry in FX activity at the end of the quarter, but that was effectively given back by the hedge that we have on investment management because of the very low interest rates. And then the fact that the amortization of the premium against the NIR was driven by the very low interest rates, I'd basically say it cost us about $0.01 as we look back to it. So far this quarter, I think the activity has been a little elevated in FX, so a pretty good start. Whether that's going to sustain itself or not, we'll have to see. In terms of activity across the investment service, Brian, you're probably better suited to answer that. Clearing activity I guess was a little bit softer for most of the quarter. But generally activity is not bad.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah, and I also mentioned DRs tend to be a little episodic, so I think there was some softness there when you look at our sequential and as well as our year-over-year numbers. And typically the third quarter will be good for that. That pretty much directly hits the bottom line, so that's something where we saw probably a little bit softer activity. One of the areas that's looking stronger is in collateral management. And as we now look at uncleared margin requirements, we're right in the middle of benefiting from that and segregating the collateral and acting as custodian in those transactions. So, we're starting to see that activity pick up pretty much in line with the guidance that we've given you for a while. It's been slower for the regulations to actually get into place, but now that's developing as well.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Ken, I think that when we look at our capital stack in the nature of our risk, we probably could do some additional preferred relative to common equity, especially when you think that it's the Tier 1 that drives the SLR ratio, which is our binding – what I'll call spot capital constraint. I can't really speak to the timing of any issuance. But if you look at what was disclosed in the CCAR, we did get approval to do $750 million and buyback a substantial part of that, but not all of it. So that will generate some additional Tier 1. And with interest rates down as low as they are, it's a pretty attractive form of capital.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Okay. I'll answer the question on the operating losses. Effectively, what happens is when large losses, and a lot of these are settlement types of losses, go into an external database, it helps to inform our – if you think about this, we distribute a potential – there's a potential distribution of losses. There's a probability of them occurring. That distribution is informed by those large losses, so I can't identify specifically which one it was, but they keep coming, if you will. And they don't fall out of that database for 10 years or so. So that's what's affecting it. So it keeps picking up on some of these litigations. There is some consideration to taking a look at how operational risk is computed and it's likely that this will change in the not-too-distant future. There are some big discussions within the regulatory bodies right now. We do expect that there will probably be some relief coming within the next couple of quarters on how that's computed, but I can't really confirm that at this time. So, that's what drives it and you'll see it in – I don't think it's exclusive to us, where you've seen some of that noise around operational risk losses and the addition to risk-weighted assets. Now, it's kind of interesting, Glenn, because if you look at the CCAR test, the CCAR test is not against the advanced approach. The advanced approach is the one that includes the model for operating losses. It's using the standardized approach. And so, if you look at our ratios on a standardized approach, they didn't go down into the quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And in fact, they have now a substantial – they're substantially higher than the advanced approach. So the good news is, this is not really a constraining issue for us because when we go through the CCAR, we're testing against a much higher ratio.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And so, Mike, when we have temporary staff, they don't show up in the head count numbers, but they do show up in the salary numbers. So one of the big things we've been doing is replacing them by more cost-efficient permanent staff, as well as the insourcing of some of the developers that has continued. So the head count is not necessarily a good reflection, that's why we keep saying let's take a look at staff expense. But we've also got the initiatives that we've had to accommodate with T. Rowe and some of the other ones that we've discussed this morning, as well as significant increases in regulatory and compliance-related staff.
Thomas P. Gibbons: My colleague, Brian Shea, is biting at the bit on this one. He wants to speak as we'll never be done.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So there are two elements. One is we think we can encourage some of our clients rather than to leave the money on our balance sheet to sweep it into money market funds so that we can continue to earn some margin, maybe a little bit less than what we would have earned on balance sheet, but the capital benefits far outweigh that. And then, there are some of the, what I'll call, the hotter money that doesn't get positive LCR treatment, which we're going to – we still have some on our balance sheet which we are going to discourage off of the balance sheet. And then, we have some repo activity where occasionally, we will basically run what looks like a matched book. The scale of that, every $10 billion is about 15 basis points to the SLR. So it wouldn't – we could do $20 billion or $30 billion relatively easily and fall within the guidance that I gave you on NIRs is our current estimate. We also generate from intangible amortization and employee compensation issuance of the common stock about 5 basis points a quarter or so. So that's kind of the scale that we're talking about.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah, we have recovered. It's a little bit different in our various businesses, but in aggregate for the company, we've probably recovered a little bit over 50% of the fee waivers with the first 25-basis-point move. There wasn't much of a change. We got it in the first quarter and we got it in the second quarter, so it's really not much of a change quarter-to-quarter. And we had indicated that a 50-basis-point move would give us about 70% and we – I'd still stick with that estimate for now.
Thomas P. Gibbons: We have some pound/euro cross-exposure, but I don't think it's substantial. And when we looked at our performance for the second quarter, there was a fair amount of noise in the currencies. But when it all came netted down, it was within $1 million of impact.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah, I would say a couple things. We've had two of our large U.S. wealth management clients owned by FIs exit and we still have one more to go. We've been obviously offsetting that fee pressure with new business from competitors in transition and pivoting more of our resources toward growth in the RIA market. We think the Department of Labor fiduciary standard is going to obviously continue to accelerate the secular trend from traditional brokerage commission-based relationships to advisory-based relationships. And Pershing is well-positioned with managed account platforms, advisory tools and an RIA custody business that's growing high-double digits to benefit from that perspective. We're also continuing to extend the prime services business in a modest, controlled way. And so there's a variety of I think longer-term trends, including those self-clearing firms that can drive reasonable growth in the clearing services business. The pressure is on the broker-dealer model overall, which is a headwind. There are 800 fewer broker-dealers in United States today than they were pre-financial crisis and there are still more pressures on their business model. So that's a headwind, but we're pivoting toward serving larger firms and the RIA market and other services, which I think will offset that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: We focus on professionally managing large advisors. So our targeted market in the advisory space tends to be a much larger advisory firm rather than an individual practitioner and we tend to focus also higher net-worth investors at the end of the day. So we've got some differentiating factors. For example, and this is a combination of Pershing and BNY Mellon at its best, we've integrated a bank and brokerage custody platform that enables us to deliver both of those options through a seamless front-end technology solution. Another example where we're creating distinction is through delivering private banking services to introducing broker-dealers and RIAs. We've talked about this before, but at the end of the second quarter, we've now reached $3 billion in outstanding credit facilities driven from our private banks to those RIA and broker-dealer intermediaries and over $2 billion of those facilities have been drawn and used. So that's creating a stronger competitive value proposition for those independent advisors and broker-dealers, and it's also creating sort of another virtual private banking capability for our private bank. And it's a great example of enterprise teamwork. So Schwab's obviously a market leader in what they do. We're focused on leveraging the best of BNY Mellon to distinguish ourselves in the RIA market.
Brian Thomas Shea: So on T. Rowe Price, we're moving along well with T. Rowe Price. Last August we actually lifted out their middle office team and we're operating their middle office and fund accounting services every day. And the service levels and the relationship are strong and we continue to work through the implementation plan to convert them to our fund accounting technology platform and our middle office services platform. So we're still moving along nicely. There always are some technical things that have to be resolved along the way, but we are moving along well with T. Rowe Price.
Brian Thomas Shea: I would say there's been some – we obviously are getting revenue from the middle office services since the middle of last year. I think you should think about that more like in 2017. Not any real growth in the revenue this year.
Brian Thomas Shea: Yeah, I would say that. Clearing services, as we've said, has been affected by some lost clients and some client business exits, particularly from some U.S. wealth management clients. But overall, the clearing services fees were up 1% year-over-year and 1% sequentially, which is pretty strong performance considering the lost business. It's owed to the fact that we've got a pretty diverse client base and we've got very diverse fee revenue sources, so we're not as exposed to transactional revenue. And we're benefiting from the restoration of fee waivers driven by the December rate increase and we had some good retirement fee growth. And we have benefited from bringing on board the JPMorgan clearing clients in the second half of last year, which is less fee-driven, but a combination of fee and NII that's helping the clearing services line overall. And we're focused on growing, particularly in the RIA market. And we continue to see interest from self-clearing firms that are trying to lower their costs and variablize their costs to reduce their capital and regulatory change investment.
Brian Thomas Shea: Todd and Gerald said it well. I echo that. It's a continuous – we're calling it a business improvement process on purpose. It's not a project or a program; it's a process. We're going to drive continuous improvement in our operating efficiency, our productivity, our service quality, in every aspect of the way we operate. And so we have a pipeline, Mike, of other initiatives and other process improvements that we're going to drive across the company. So more to do on location strategy, more to do on technology, more opportunity to reduce vendor costs, more opportunity to shift traditional servers to the cloud. And so, we really think we have a sustainable, continuous process improvement approach and it's really a cultural change in the way we're operating and I think it's really gaining more traction every day.
Brian Thomas Shea: In other words, all employees buy their own device, it's their choice. We will reimburse them for company-driven activity. But essentially, everyone chooses their own device and their own carrier, then we put our applications that are company applications up on it in a secured manner for them to use.
Brian Thomas Shea: And, Betsy, it's Brian. From a servicing perspective, we've invested in the changes we need to make to our systems to support a floating NAV institutional prime money funds and we are on track to be ready to serve our clients in October seamlessly.
Mitchell Evan Harris: Yeah, no. This is Mitchell. It's the pipeline, the conversations we're having with our clients and prospects. We're still showing a very robust and very healthy pipeline, quite frankly, in the UK. We're looking to obviously extend that success into the U.S. That will be slow. But, no, the client behavior has not changed at all and the interest is still as high as it's ever been.
Mitchell Evan Harris: It's Mitchell, Betsy. I think that from a transition point of view, we're prepared for the move and we've made all the regulatory changes already. So I don't see any expense or any related issues there. From a yield perspective, we're all trying to continue to increase yields, but what you see happening is a couple of things in the market. First off, prime funds have already started industry-wide to decrease. There's been about a 28% shift in asset moves from prime to treasury. In addition to that, the overall market is down about 4% where we've been down about 1%. So we're doing a bit better on that front. And that prime has also decreased a little less than the industry and that only 24% of our assets have moved. We still expect about a third to a half of prime assets to move out into treasury funds over the next quarter. Exactly how much, we're not sure. But we've got the products and we are continuing to look carefully at yields in order to make sure that the shift goes into our treasuries. Alternative products such as insured deposit accounts are also possible where people will move funds, too. It's still a little bit wait-and-see and quite frankly, it's going to be this third quarter where we're really going to see how the movements play out, but I think we're very well-positioned for it.
Mitchell Evan Harris: There's a lot more cash being held and their funds are holding a lot more cash in anticipation of a shift between funds.
Mitchell Evan Harris: Thanks for that. There's several things. You have really institutional retail and wealth, so you have several different distribution points. And then you have with the institutional, we've traditionally been focused on the U.S. and I think we've broadened it because we've had opportunities out in Asia. So we're strengthening Asia where there are more immediate opportunities. And clearly pockets are growing, both specifically on the sovereign wealth, but on the institutional side. Japan has some terrific opportunities there and we've certainly been focused on those. On the retail side, when you think about the DOL and the changes taking place there, I think all we're doing is rebalancing both how we interact with the intermediary side, given the changes. The RIAs and the private banks, we haven't had enough focus, particularly on the RIA segment, which is the fastest-growing segment from a distribution perspective. And then on the wealth side, we've continued with the build-out of Atherton to focus really on where pockets of wealth in the southern part of the United States and out West have been growing. We've been more focused on the traditional, I'll call it the industrial, belt of Detroit, Chicago and those kind of – and the East Pittsburgh, New York. So it's where the pockets of wealth are. It's segmentation of what segments of wealth are growing, and that are the women, the Hispanics in particular. So we're looking both geographically and on a segmentation basis. And with respect to the boutiques, the boutiques are focused primarily on the institutional markets and the center is focused primarily on the retail markets. So I think we've clarified or cleaned up where each of our responsibilities lie.
Mitchell Evan Harris: Yes, in their home markets. In Asia, we're representing all of them. It's much more efficient to do it that way out in the Asian markets. And the servicing that they require, particularly the Japanese, it's a very high level of service, so it's best done on a consolidated basis.
Adam Q. Beatty: Thank you and good morning. First for Mitchell on the distribution strategy in investment services. Obviously, it's a pretty broad topic with your different geographies and market segments. But just was wondering, maybe get some highlights on the strategic thinking behind that. Where you would expect the greatest leverage in the relatively near term and how the boutiques will play a role? Thanks.
Adam Q. Beatty: Great. So the boutiques are basically going into the institutional market on a stand-alone basis somewhat.
Adam Q. Beatty: Got it. That's great. Thank you. And then on Pershing, just wanted to step back a little bit, a lot of crosscurrents with some doing self-clearing, some competitors exiting, probably a net headwind in the recent past. But just comparing a multi-year growth trajectory and then looking out, would you expect higher growth? Lower growth? Same? And also maybe a comment on some of the RIA price cuts at Schwab. Thank you.
