Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. That's correct, Alex. I would expect you'd see a couple of basis points higher on the NIM, and that would be reflective and a little bit higher NIR going forward. The balance sheet is relatively stable. It acted about as we had expected it would with the rate increase that we saw at the end of the fourth quarter, so client deposits were down a bit. So it looks to be very stable. We've adjusted further the negative interest rates with the move to (28:11) ECB and the euro. And the thing that's a bit of a headwind is with the flattening of the yield curve, the reinvestment rates are a little bit less than we would have liked. But net-net, the hedging should normalize, and we would expect to see a couple of basis points of expansion if rates don't change from here.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah, Ashley. I would say that our deposit betas are probably a little lower than we had anticipated, so that's the good news. We would've expected that we would've recovered most of the first 25 basis points, which is the case, although there is some deposit attrition that I mentioned. And right now, as we forecast looking out, we are adjusting our betas slightly favorably.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. Ultimately, Betsy, in order to get the network effect, you're going to have to have standardization. And also, we think that there will be a trusted counterparty because the proof of work costs are so high and there are going to be regulatory issues associated with it, so that's why we think there is a great role for us. So I think there's an opportunity for this to either reduce operating costs, but it will require significant standardization and is likely to start in smaller markets where those standards can be addressed.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. I think we're a little ahead of where we had expected to be, frankly, Brian. We did see – I just want to remind you, in the first quarter, we do tend to see seasonal lower legal expense, also a little bit seasonally lower business development and consulting. And the other thing we saw is revenues were down in our higher comps business lines. So as the market moves, we would expect revenues to pick up in those lines and the associated expenses with them. We do think that around both the resolution plan, we're going to have to accelerate some of the investments that we intended to make. We had committed last year to invest $140 million over the next 18 months or so in order to build resilience and improve the probability of success in our plan. We may have to accelerate that a bit. So there are some headwinds we're facing, but I think we've got some – we're basing it off of a lower base than we would've expected to be at this time, so we're probably a little ahead of the guidance that we had previously given.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Glenn. One of the strategies we've had is to growth the wealth management business, and so that's where the loans are booked. So those are either margin-style loans or mortgages to high net worth individuals. And we have had some meaningful success in expanding that mortgage portfolio. Most of those are jumbo mortgages arms, some of them would be floating, and that has helped drive the mix that you talked about and that's been planned. Another area of loan growth that we've enjoyed is in our secured financing transactions. I would expect the rate of that growth to flow somewhat from what we've been doing to date. And the mix now, I think, will be more stable as we look out the next 12 months or so.
Thomas P. Gibbons: You did see us increase our provision in the first quarter to $10 million, but the credit portfolio continues to be strong. We do have some exposure to energy, which we explained on the call in the last quarter. And there will be some migration even though that is almost entirely investment grade. There is some modest migration and we would expect some provision associated with that portfolio but we don't expect it to be material.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. We had indicated that we thought there was about a $0.06 to $0.08 drag to EPS driven by fee waivers, and so we're getting about 50% of that back so, we got about $3.50 in these numbers relative to the fee waivers is our best estimate. That's probably a little bit better than we had anticipated. We did expect it not to be exactly linear. The first move is the best one, the second move will be not quite as great. But having had the experience of this, I would expect we would cover a little better than our previous guidance of 70% with a 50 basis point move. And I expect 100 point basis point move would cover all of it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We had a lot of emotional attachment to that one, and we're very, very pleased with the Secretary of Treasury's decision there.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah, I think if you – there's a couple of things; one is when we finalize our actual incentive payouts, oftentimes there is either adjustment one-way or the other. That adjustment was favorable and it actually approximately offset the severance. So, on a year-over-year basis, the net of that was basically zero. I think a way to look at our expenses on a year-over-year basis and the staff expense, I'll give it to you very specifically, the acceleration was $9 million higher. And last year we had a pension curtailment when we curtailed our defined benefit plan, and that was a $30 million benefit. So we had a $39 million headwind, if you will, going into this year's first quarter from those two events. Plenty of that was offset with, effectively, the benefit of curtailing the pension last year. So it wasn't frozen. We took the gain when we announced it, but it wasn't actually frozen until the third quarter, so we got the benefit of that. So there's about a $20 million headwind on a year-over-year basis from those various categories.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. Yes, DRs is – definitely tied to emerging market activity in issuance. And so a pickup in emerging market issuance will be helpful to DRs for sure. The other driver there is corporate actions tend to be helpful, so if you have a pickup in banking activity or merger activity, that tends to be a positive driver for DRs as well. On the corporate trust side of issuer, we've signaled that the fee decline we experienced for the prior few years would moderate and level off, which it has done. They're benefiting now from the restoration of some of the fee waivers, and while bond issuance was down pretty significantly industry wide in the first quarter, our market share in corporate trust is picking up. And we think that'll be one of the drivers of growth in the future for investment services.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It's about 100 basis-point benefit. So, it would've been about 100 basis points more, rather down three, they would have been down two.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah. No, we expect that there will be further run off with additional rate increases. We think that, that deposit runoff, that attrition is probably a little bit less than we had previously guided. So we – back in our Investor Day, we had guided that with normalization of rates, let's say that's 100 basis points or so, we would've expected to see about $40 billion to $70 billion of runoff. I think we will see something to the lower end of that. So we've seen in the first $25 billion, we've seen about $13 billion or so. So, I think we would stick with that guidance. We do think the margin expansion will more than offset any loss of deposits, which will lead to higher NIR in a rising-rate environment. And when we model that and report that in our financials, we are reflecting the runoff that comes – our estimated runoff that comes with the movement in interest rates.
Thomas P. Gibbons: But I would add to that, Gerard, we're not interested in becoming a large, fixed income trading operation.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So, that's not what we're looking for. We do make markets for some of our clients, for Pershing clients and so forth, but it's a relatively modest accommodation business for us and we don't expect that to change.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yeah, well, I think one of the benefits is we're mostly an institutional company, and so that we've had the experience of passing on negative interest rates through our systems in Europe and in a number of jurisdictions and now in Japan as well. So, we think that is something that we could operationally manage.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yeah. Sure, Alex. Appreciate the question. I would say the one that has the most immediate, greatest upside is in the collateral services side. As we've talked about over the last year or so, we really designed the collateral services businesses for the sell side and for firms like yours to be able to finance their positions and to be able to segregate collateral and to try to optimize the collateral for capital purposes. We're also seeing increasing interest on the buy side and we're adjusting our algorithms to help the buy side better utilize our capabilities as they have to post collateral, and also as they invest in tri-party repo programs. So we see a pretty significant opportunity for us to do this, not only in the U.S. but around the world. And so whether it's segregation, optimization, transformation of the collateral and help reduce the capital costs for different firms, we think that's got some real upside potential. So I would say that's first and foremost at the top of the list. In our foreign exchange and markets business, we think we have greater opportunities to utilize the electronic infrastructure that we're building to capture more order flow and do more netting across our businesses and improve the margins for us and improve the execution for our clients. So those are two areas that I cited in my opening comments that we think have some real upside to it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yeah, thanks, Ashley. We've said at Investor Day, and recently at our last annual meeting last week, we think we have some more work to do in improving the operating margins with the investment management area without sacrificing the investment strategies and without sacrificing, or actually adding to the strength of our portfolio managers. We think a lot of those costs can be dealt with at the center of investment management, and also trying to better rationalize or make more efficient our distribution costs. So we think there's opportunities to apply the same discipline to the rest of our businesses, to the running of the business of investment management and improve the ability for the boutiques to continue to drive their investment performance. So it is one of our goals and we're on track and we still have some work to do there.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. No, you hit it right on. We are members of a variety of different consortiums and so we're participating in helping set the standards for the industry. I think that is one of the keys to the success of blockchain technology is standardization of the processes. We're also looking at it in our payments area and our corporate trust area and our broker dealer clearance business, particularly applied to repos. We think blockchain can be transformative. We also can see it as being an ability to increase the resiliency of our capabilities. I think it's going to take time to fully materialize, and it does require, in all cases, a trusted counterparty. And we think that's one of the roles that we can play, which is what we play today, the trusted counter party that everyone can show up on both sides of the ledger and trust that it will be executed well, and we plan to play a role in the middle of that. So we are making investments. It's already in our run rates in terms of either the expense or the investments, which aren't really that big in terms of the R3 and Hyperledger and those sorts of investments. But we're spending a lot of time and energy on it, but I think it's going to take some time to see it play out in a full, meaningful way.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, that is going to be one of the questions, is it beta max, or is it VHS or what is it? And that's why you're seeing so many different initiatives occur in the marketplace and why we're participating in a variety of them. We think trying to get to a better common standard, at least for certain asset classes, will be the way to go and that's why we want to be a leader in helping drive that exercise.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yeah. Glenn, that was just one loan that had to do with the Sentinel reversal of a court decision, and that became a non-performing loan. We took the provision against it to market to the current value, so that's done. The rest of the portfolio is absolutely stable.
Gerald L. Hassell: Okay. A lot of questions in there, Mike. But I always appreciate them. First of all, we have a lot of confidence in our investment management business. It's been a tough quarter and we saw a lot of outflows not only in our firm but across the industry last year. 2015 was probably one of the biggest outflow years in traditional active equity. And as you know, that's one of the highest fee realization products across the industry. We feel better that the active equity flows have stemmed the tide. We saw some outflows in index, but our LDI strategy, our alternative strategy continues to pick up and so we ended up with positive, net long-term flows for this quarter which I think fairs pretty well against our competitors. We do have work to do on improving the operating margin in the business, no question about it. I said it last week when you asked the question. I'll say it again, we have some work to do there. But I think some of the outsized margin performance by our peers, and really because they tend to be more active equity-oriented and they have higher fee realization to begin with. But we still have work to do there. We have a lot of confidence in the business. Mitchell Harris is here with me today, and I think Mitchell is the right person to improve the business and improve the performance overall. So we remain very confident in that and being a critical part of our company. Regarding Lead Director, yes we announced the new Lead Director. Every company goes through a change in its director makeup. He, like all of our directors, are very active. We have an ongoing dialogue with him. The Lead Director's role is to interface actively with management, which he has already begun to do and represent the directors in communicating well with management. We're off to a great start and I have no concerns about how we're interacting with our board.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yeah. What I referred to was making sure we're getting the bang for our buck for our distribution expense and make sure it's targeted in the right places where we're getting good results. And so maybe, Mitchell, you want to comment on a little bit.
Gerald L. Hassell: We actually see ourselves as one of the major participants in using the technology to improve the efficiency of our operations and the resiliency of our operations. And as I said earlier, the fact that no matter what technology is used, a trusted counterparty intermediary is required, we see ourselves playing in that role. So, while certain efficiencies and certain revenues may lessen the revenues, we think we're going to pick up that in the cost side as the technology gets improved and rolled out. So, we see ourselves as being a critical player in the middle of this. As I said, we have pilot programs going on in the payments business, in corporate trust and our broker-dealer business, and particularly around repos. So, we're watching it carefully. We're participating actively. It's really hard to tell exactly how it's going to roll out, but we do see ourselves as being a major participant in it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, the companies that are going through that are in, many cases, some of our largest clients, so some of their reduced activity is part of the challenges that we're trying to overcome in terms of the market activity. That being said, we are seeing some of the shift in that activity to smaller firms who also happen to be more rapidly growing clients, and we do see ourselves being able to provide, extend our service model to some of those firms who are picking up some of the trading flack or need the collateral services that I talked about earlier. We do have what we refer to as prime custody, prime services solutions, so some of the activity we see ourselves being able to pick up on a direct basis without taking on the risks associated with normal prime brokerage activity. So, we try to do it in a conservative thoughtful way, but we do see ourselves being able to expand a little bit more in that space.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, thank you very much, everybody, for joining us this morning. Additional questions can be directed to Valerie Haertel and our Investor Relations team. And we look forward to engaging with you, and thank you very much for dialing in.
Brian Thomas Shea: Sure. Happy to. It's Brian Shea. Clearing services actually is suffering a bit from the loss of those clients that we talked about and shared with you in advance, but we're benefiting from the reduction in fee waivers driven by the December rate increase. So that's offset with, really, the loss of the client business in the short term. And we've also benefited from taking on a number of clients in the third and fourth quarters as a result of J.P. Morgan's exit. And we continue to see interest from self-clearing firms who are looking to outsource and we converted another self-clearing firm in the first quarter. So overall, the clearing services picture is solid. And they're executing very strong expense discipline so we think we'll have modest year-over-year growth from clearing services. The other dynamic in clearing services is that the RIA custody business is growing and the DOL judiciary standard is likely to help accelerate that growth over time. So we feel good about our position there and the leverage of the private banking services of our wealth management group into that RIA and broker dealer market is also a very positive long-term development for clearing services. Turning to the NEXEN question, NEXEN is no longer an idea or a vision, it's really a reality. It's in production. And we now have 3,600 client users across 950 clients, exercising and using NEXEN in production every day. It cuts across now AIS clients, asset servicing clients, broker dealer services, liquidity, direct and corporate trust, as Gerald mentioned. And we expect to have more functionality, more capabilities, more APIs, more third party FIN tech applications embedded in the platform over time, and we expect to roll this out to our entire client base over time. So we're getting real momentum and take-up, and the reaction from the clients is actually quite positive. The client experience is just better.
Brian Thomas Shea: Yeah. I guess the way I'd say it is, as part of the business of improvement process we're actually self-funding the development of NEXEN, so we continue (41:28). As we insource technology developers and we simplify our infrastructure, we are able to shift technology investment firm redundant, lights on-type investment to strategic investments. So that's enabling us to fund NEXEN and other market-leading solutions for clients without actually increasing our technology investment or expense.
Brian Thomas Shea: Yeah, this is Brian Shea. The new business signed number can vary reasonably significantly quarter to quarter, and we've had a couple of soft quarters. I would say it reflects a couple of things. Our focus on profitable client relationships over sort of just pure revenue and market share, we're being extremely disciplined and selective about the new business assignments we take on. And that's actually part of the reason you're seeing improved operating margins and you're seeing our fee to expense ratio improve significantly. But in terms of the pipeline, the pipeline remains actually pretty strong. It's up significantly on a sequential basis. And we still believe that this is a strong growth driver for the company going forward. The secular trend towards asset managers wanting to outsource and refocus their energy on the investment process itself we think is continuing, and that's why we have invested in things like the real estate and private equity administration business. This, in 2016, after lifting out the Deutsche Bank team and serving Deutsche Bank will now be starting to take on third party clients. And in addition, we have a strong pipeline of middle-office services from asset managers and demand for the Eagle technology platform. So we still believe that we can drive long-term growth and we're confident in that.
Brian Thomas Shea: And we've taken a hard look at the corporate overheads and those are coming down related to investment management as well. So I think there's opportunity...
Brian Thomas Shea: I would just add that we're executing a NEXEN ecosystem strategy, which includes an app store. And part of the reason for being immersed in this FinTech world is to find solutions that can really add value to clients. And clients are obviously interested in getting the value with the new applications and innovative technology, but they frankly, in many cases, do not want to integrate it, do not want to do the work of managing that. And so, our ecosystem will be enable us to embed third-party solutions in a much more easy streamlined way, which will reduce the client's under management cost. So, we think NEXEN enables us to leverage these companies and these innovative solutions, and it also enables us to actually help drive revenue growth and more value for clients. And we're – another example would be on NEXEN, we have a digital pulse big data solution in. We've invented client optimization technology, securities lending optimization technology, liquidity management optimization technology, all of which are sources of improving our clients' profitability and sources of revenue for the company in the future. So, there's real opportunity here, as well as some risk, and we're immersing ourselves to try to make sure that the opportunities outweigh the risks.
Mitchell Evan Harris: Thank you. What I'd like to actually comment on is if you really look at our core business, Mike, it's actually pretty strong and moving up. The other revenue line is what's confusing things a little bit, and I think you have to keep in mind the first quarter of last year was very strong, especially on the seed capital front. And even when you look at our – and it wasn't as strong, obviously, in this quarter. You also have the issue of internal payments that we've given to investment services on fee waiver abatements that's in that line; that stays within the company. So it's not really a weakness, per se, and as Gerald did mention, investment performance has been good; flows are abating. The first two months were weak. The – March was actually much better, and we're getting it in the right category. So you only had $3 billion down in equities, which was, on average, it was $8 billion down per quarter last year. Alternatives are still improving. Our initiatives in terms of the retail – which was mentioned earlier – distribution, we had 300 million in positive flows. We were the eighth best performing retail out of 30. So I think our distribution is improving. Our performance is improving. The money market fee waivers help all of us. Flows are becoming less negative. And on the expense management side, we are looking at where there's overlaps between the boutiques, between the IM center and we will cuts those out. So I think we're going to continue to drive both expenses down. And I think there are significant revenue opportunities going into the year.
Mitchell Evan Harris: Well, this is Mitchell. You have LDI that you had $14 billion of positive flows, so that's contributed to it. And fixed is flat, but – meaning core fix, but it's primarily on LDI and on alternatives.
Mitchell Evan Harris: They're definitely not swinging for the fences. It's more of a balance. People are confused. Most people don't have enough; the wealth obviously do. But they're looking for solutions in this market. Are interest rates going up? What's going to happen to fixed income? The equity markets have been very volatile, so they're looking at a more conservative balance type of approach, quite frankly. So equities remained a significant element but probably has come down a little bit, and they're looking more at corporate credit, munis have performed well and had to balance out their fixed income portfolios.
