Michael Santomassimo: Ken, thanks for the question. So as you would expect, I'll make sure I cover all pieces of it there and take it apart, right. But on the duration, as you would expect, given the down-tick in rates, the durations come down just naturally as pre-pays have gone up in the mortgage back book. We've -- as we continue to take action on the maturities that come through the portfolio, we add a little bit of duration back. But overall, it's ticked down slightly sort of in the -- sequentially in the quarter. As you sort of think about the impact of lower rates, there is a lag as that sort of kind of bakes into the book if 1/3 of it's repricing every quarter. So I think that you should be able to model that pretty easily, I think.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, yes, look. I mean, I think when you look at what we did, it's -- one, it's not a major sort of driver in the book. But the munis we sold were yielding below IOER. And so all we did was sort of redeploy those in some very high quality asset-backeds and CLOs. And so I wouldn't take those as a bet or a direct -- a big change in direction of the book.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, look, all if it is contemplated, Steve, as we sort of look at it. And as Charlie mentioned, sort of we're going through every last piece of it, that sort of builds up to drive NII. And we're going to continue to work to optimize it as best as we can without substantially changing sort of the risk profile that we've got.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Look, Steve, I think we've got to just kind of let the capital rules get finalized, right? And hopefully that will happen sooner rather than later, but we've been waiting for a while for that. So I think that will -- that's going to happen sort of first. And as you know, we've been sort of constrained with -- based on sort of the leverage ratio in CCAR for the last number of years. And so that -- we don't see that sort of changing. That's been the constraint for us going forward at this point. And we're -- as you can see over the last couple of years, we've been very active to both optimize sort of how we think about our modeling that goes into stress testing and CCAR. And I think you've seen that as we've sort of increased our capital return over the last couple of years. And I think it -- we'll continue to sort of do that as things evolve.
Michael Santomassimo: Mike, it's Mike. I'll take that. So as we've said over the last few quarters, I think on the new business side, we would -- we're in the middle of onboarding a number of those clients now, and we would expect to start seeing that more meaningfully towards the end of the year and into the first part of next year. On the margin balances, there's really no story other than we've seen a lack of demand from clients right now. And that could turn pretty meaningfully pretty quickly, but it's really just been muted activity from the existing clients.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, Brennan, look, I mean, obviously, we'll see how things play out over the next coming weeks, but we've got a very disciplined process where we go business by business, segment by segment within those businesses and try to be realistic about what the beta is going to look like for each of those segments. And that's sort of how we go about the process of trying to understand what's possible. And some of those segments are more competitive than others and will have lower beta than others, and there's dynamics that we sort of take into account. And so we're going to continue to do that and work through that as sort of rates sort of come down.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I think -- Brennan, I think you really got to sort of look at it year-on-year because there's dynamics that sort of change as you sort of look at individual quarters. And so I think you got it -- so I think you could sort of take the view that both Charlie and I gave in terms of the efficiencies offsetting all the investments and sort of think about that on year-over-year basis for each of the quarters going forward.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I mean -- Gerard, it's Mike. Certainly, some of the -- in some strategies, we're seeing more pressure than others, but -- and I think what we're trying to do is make sure that our -- where we have differentiation, that we're focused on performance. And as you sort of look at our large or -- larger strategies, they do -- they are differentiated. They're not sort of like index-hugging kind of strategies. And I think we've seen good performance. We've seen a slowdown in outflows, and in some cases, a return to inflows in a few of them. And so we're focused on those differentiated strategies which I think will help us over the long term.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I mean -- and Alex, and that's not something that we sort of disclose in that level of detail. But as I said, you should assume it's not just where we've got contractual sort of rights to do that. We're being very disciplined about how we sort of go through the segment by segment review of the book.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. As I said, Alex, you should sort of think about it through year-over-year, right. For the third and fourth quarter, just given some of the dynamics that you sort of look at, the way the P&L sort of works out, and you should assume that the efficiencies offset the -- any of the investments we're making in the third and fourth quarter year-on-year. So sort of flattish year-on-year.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, Mike. I would -- it's Mike. I would just remind you that as sort of the markets go up, so in particular, the U.S. markets have sort of gone up year-on-year, right? So that does have an impact of AUC/A. And as -- if it's just market sort of driving AUC/A up, you don't get paid the same for that increase that you do for bringing in sort of new clients, right? Because clients have sort of graduated fee schedules. So there's a little bit of that you see in there. And then we'll go back to what we said on the pricing. Like, we really see no discernible difference at this point relative to what we've seen over the last number of years.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Brian, so as I said I think a couple of quarters ago, you really sort of need to look at Issuer Services over the full year and not focus too much quarter-to-quarter. And I think when you do that, you sort of see actually more stability over the last few years than you sort of look at that, as you might guess, than looking at it quarter-to-quarter. So I would just encourage you to sort of look at it that way and go back to sort of what we sort of printed in 2018 and use that as a base to sort of think about the whole year.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Look, Robert, it's Mike. As I've said in my remarks, we sort of expect interest-bearing deposits to -- at this point in the quarter, to be about where they were last quarter and then noninterest-bearing to keep coming down a little bit. And I think post QE stopping and the Fed reducing its balance sheet, that should be a net positive going forward. But we'll see how it plays out.
Michael Santomassimo: The onboarding finished in the late third quarter last year. So you're still seeing the annualization of that, Brian. So roughly sort of 2/3 of it from the conversion and the other -- the remaining from either new clients or growth from the rest of the client base.
Charles Scharf: Now I would -- this is Charlie. The only thing I would add is I would just take it as we're going through everything that impacts NII to figure out what we can and should do on the margin that can be additive without changing the risk profile in a real material way.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Betsy, it's Charlie. Listen, I've been very, very consistent I think since the day I got here about what we say on this, and nothing is different, which we continue to believe that there are meaningful opportunities to reduce expenses and that will continue for a relatively long period of time, meaning beyond what we actually even think about at this point. It cuts across a whole series of initiatives. Everything, as I've talked about, from reducing layers, location of employees, automation of things like reconciliations, instructions with clients, corporate actions, NAV automate, I mean, we'll do the long list of things that we're constantly looking at.And what I'd say is in an environment like this, you get even more focused on figuring out what you can do more quickly to have actually impact our results. Again, we do it because it drives quality. The byproduct of that, quite frankly, is that we become more efficient at this. And so as time goes on, I think we get more and more confident that there continues to be more opportunity for us, which is why I made the comments relative to the efficiencies relative to the size of the investments we have to make.We think, as I said for the remaining couple of quarters, the efficiencies will more than offset the increases. But if we think the environment warrants a change in the level of investment, we can do that. But we feel very, very positive about where we're going with the expense trajectory of the company in a way which is positive for our clients.
Charles Scharf: Yes, but it has nothing -- I mean, it has nothing to do just the clients -- net changes in clients in our business. It's actual activity of the existing clients that we have. And it's just the impact of the way to think about the risk they want to take in the market today.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, I think it's very early and so there, too -- just because we have some businesses which have seen some growth, doesn't mean we -- that internally, we feel better about it than we should. But we do have some businesses that have continually shown some organic growth and others where it's still slow, predominantly because of the time it takes for us to build up our capabilities and the long sales cycles.We highlighted those we're seeing growth in the business and those are -- they're real, they're consistent. They relate to both our execution and the market positions that we have. And on the longer-tail businesses, such as Asset Servicing, that continues to be a work in progress, but we feel as good as we have felt that the opportunities are there. It just will continue to play out over time.
Charles Scharf: The only thing I'd add, Brennan, and I know you know this. But we don't sit here and pretend to be able to forecast how many rate cuts there will be. What he said is we're just taking what's in the implieds and saying, "If that holds true, here's what we would expect." To the extent that it's something less than that and it's something more insurance-like, you might be right, but then that also changes the outlook for NII in a more positive way than it otherwise would have been for some of the out quarters. But if it is a series of cuts, then the rate at which we and others will be willing to move is impacted by that. So a lot will have to do with what the actions are and what the words are around it and what the expectations are beyond that first cut.
Charles Scharf: Yes. This is Charlie. I'll take that. Listen, we don't disclose the individual pieces, but it's -- when you look at who services the biggest ETFs out there, we have not historically been one of the large ETF providers. So just a way of saying relative to what you see in the world, it's from a small base, but it's also just very clear for us relative to the focus that we have on it. We have won -- so I would describe it as a significant piece of business from a strong name in the market that wants to grow in the ETF space. And we're very, very focused on growing it in a more material way than what you've even seen in the past. So that's the reason why we wanted to highlight it. Not a huge revenue impact in the short term, but important strategically for us.
Charles Scharf: Yes, listen. It's exactly the same sort of list. As you pointed out, it doesn't change quarter-on-quarter. When you looked at the results in the quarter, obviously, you saw the flow of information. Mike talked about it. Big piece driven by one very specific client that took something in the index base in-house. We are focused on the things that we spoke about. And it is a relative -- it's not the easiest environment, but we're -- what we're focused on our existing platform is ensuring we have the right products and focused on performance. And we walk you through some of the things on the performance side which should, over a period of time, drive flows and drive our own financial performance.
Charles Scharf: Listen. I think we are -- as Mike said, we are focused on looking at every component of NII, but not rethinking the risk profile of who we are and what we are. When you looked at what we do in the lending space, for the most part, what we do in the lending space supports the rest of the businesses that we're in. It's slightly more than an accommodation, that's the way I would think about it. It's an important component of what we do and what we provide for clients. But we don't have the infrastructure. We don't have the diversification. We don't have the size lending platform that some of the others have. And our view is if you just entered that just for the sake of creating NII to solve a short-term problem, that probably won't end well for us if we went down that road. So we're trying to be far more selective about where we can pick up some yield without putting ourselves in a position, especially at this point in the credit cycle, that will -- that we will regret later on.
Charles Scharf: And I guess I think what I would add is I always break it into two parts, there's flows and just the fee environment. I would say the pressure that we've seen on fees, while it hasn't gone away, it hasn't increased. And it's probably -- we've had probably had more filter through than less at this point. So that's on a relative basis. A negative going away for us, which is certainly a good thing. And as I said, we're focused in our equity business, whether it's on the Walter Scott business or any of the others focused on performance. And the performance has been quite good. And when you see better performance, you see better impact on flows. It's early, but it certainly feels better when you got the stronger performance than when you don't.
Charles Scharf: I will say the following thing, Mike, which won't satisfy you, but it's just the reality. We don't spend a lot of time looking at that ratio. There is -- assets under custody are not directly related to that line. We get paid for different things, not just the level of AUC/A that exists. Sometimes, it's based on transaction, sometimes it's based upon the activities that we have. So we would expect that number to grow over time at a faster rate, but that doesn't mean that we won't see benefits in the net interest -- I'm sorry, in the operating margin of the company over a period of time. That's the way we think about it and what we look at.
Charles Scharf: We don't talk about the specifics. It's obviously embedded in the overall number. On a percentage basis relative to just when you look at our revenue growth number, the negative impact is not a hugely significant number.
Charles Scharf: Listen, we're not going to spend a lot of time talking about our competitors, and there's a lot of that's hard to understand when you just look over our press releases relative to these businesses. What we've looked at for our competitors, for comparable businesses, doesn't agree exactly with what you said. But we can certainly follow-up with you later on that.
Charles Scharf: Yes, listen, I think it's a hard question. I think we would -- if you just ask, like, what's the tone that we want to set relative to the way we're thinking about it, is we are very early on in our journey to build a company which has a higher rate of growth than it had in the past. The fact that we have some businesses that are showing underlying organic growth is certainly a good thing. It's real. We think it's -- while there might be some volatility, it's sustainable both because of the work we're doing and the quality of the franchise that we have. It's not everywhere. We have a lot more work to do. So the trends are mildly positive with still a lot more to do.
Charles Scharf: Yes. I think what we've seen is a very, very high degree of interest from both existing clients that we have and potential clients. We're in the process of onboarding, of the existing common clients we have, a meaningful portion of those to give them access to the new capabilities. And most of the remaining ones are extremely interested and we're just in the process of going through that discussion. So all in all, I think we just feel very good about what we've done there and continuing to talk to other third parties about being able to do the same.
Charles Scharf: Yes. I don't know answer to that is the short way of think -- is the succinct answer. I think we've certainly thought about it in detail through the end of the year. We're at the beginning part of our process for thinking through next year in detail. There's no doubt that the tech spend should become more efficient as time goes on. There's still a lot to do. So relative to the way we think about overall expenses, obviously, that will be governed by the way we're thinking about what our requirements are and what the environment is. So we're very conscious of the world that we live in, but I think we'll defer the answer to the question until we think about it some more through our process.
