Todd Gibbons: Yes, I would -- so, as I walked you through each one of those, I would take the category run rates down by about the amount that I mentioned.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, partially offsetting that with NII growth and some of the fees from the JP Morgan [ph] more clients offsetting. But I think there will be pressure on the fee line specifically for the next couple of quarters and we’ll work hard to manage the expense to make sure the PTI impact is neutralized.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. We would expect Alex modest growth. I think one of the frustrating things that you’ve seen the 25 basis-point increase in the short rates and long rates have actually come down. So, the reinvestment activity is not going to benefit what we would have modeled or some percentage of the reinvestment. So, we would expect balances to come down a little bit, NIM to widen and overall net interest revenue to show a little bit of growth.
Todd Gibbons: So, what we’ve seen to-date, so if you look at the -- we can’t really look at the spot balance sheet, you’ve got to look at the average balance sheet, because we do see some noise on your end on our balance sheet, but it’s average that drives the ratio. So, if you look in the quarter, we did see a $9 billion reduction in balances in the quarter. And that’s a pretty quick response to the rate move that we had seen. In addition so far this year, it’s probably down an additional $8 billion. So we would have estimated that we’d see about a $20 billion reduction in the first move. And if we see more, we’ve indicated that would be in the 40 to 70 basis-point-- excuse me, $40 billion to 70 billion type of range as we get to a more normal range. If that doesn’t happen, what we have done is we prioritized the entire balance sheet. We might have to take some actions against that for some of the less value deposits. At this point in time, we don’t think we need to rush into compliance. We are building capital; we build about 800 million in a year even with 800 maybe a 100% payout ratio. And if the balance sheet does come down but -- and we can do some other things actually to track the balance sheet a little bit. We think we will grow ourselves pretty well into a reasonable rate without going anything exceptional to our clients.
Todd Gibbons: I think, it’s just the beginning here; it’s fairly linear. So, we right now the behaviors are seeing are consistent with what we had projected. So, we’re seeing it now.
Todd Gibbons: And it didn’t show up very much in the fourth quarter, yes, we saw a little bit in the asset management side and little bit in the corporate trust side. Pershing tends to lag in the fee waiver abatement. So, we do think that there is always some acceleration into the first quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Well, we’ve indicated it’s in the $0.06 to $0.08 range. And so, our file lets you do the math but we’ve indicated the 50 basis-point move and I just indicated it was linear, would reduce it be 1%. So, I don’t have to mess it up on the call here; you can figure that out.
Todd Gibbons: And you also need to factor in the impact of the currency a bit of the stronger dollar because there are a fair amount of non-dollar revenues. So that’s costing us somewhere between 200 basis points and 300 basis points in revenues.
Todd Gibbons: Why don’t I start that one and Brain then you might add. Brian has really been leading a significant component of our business improvement process. We still see a number of additional things that can generate some additional cost benefits. I must admit that fruit’s probably a little higher on the three but there is still a fair amount of fruit. We’re seeing our infrastructure cost continue to come down, we are using more automation tools, we’ve got things like bringing our own device that Gerald alluded to, some of these are smaller dollars versus others, and our real estate strategy I think is paying off. We’ve got ahead of where we thought we would be this year as we moved out of one lawsuit faster than we could and that brought our guidance for expenses in the occupancy space down and we reviewed our guidance because of that. We also see other real estate strategies that could add a bit. We see opportunity in some of our market data, actually probably find cheaper sources of market data and more appropriate, so we got better tools in place to determine who is using what and how we can deliver better services that are less costly. I don’t Brain you have anything to add to that.
Todd Gibbons: I think Mike we do expect to grow expenses -- excuse me, revenues faster than expenses. But with this market disruption, we have to keep that in mind. The equity markets do have an impact on our business. We’ve indicated in the past a 100 basis-point move -- 100-point move in the S&P 500 is worth about $0.02 to $0.04 for us. And that assumes if it moves on average from the beginning of the year, so on average it’s down 50. So that would be -- if the market continues to sell off that could be a headwind. We will still target trying to generate positive operating leverage, but there are market conditions where that would be impossible.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, we believe that we will be less impacted than most of our peers. We’re probably the reciprocal of what they’re somewhere between 35% and 40% equity and that would mean [ph] fixed income in many markets.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, we are definitely trying to trend away from relying on outside services, typically across substantially more than what we can do internally. We’ve even seen that on the legal side as well as temporary services that are provided in various functions. We follow it very closely. Anytime somebody has been -- outside service has been around for a while, supervising that service gets a notification, questioning why it’s still around and why we haven’t internalized it. I don’t know Brian, you might want to comment; you’ve done a lot of things there.
Todd Gibbons: The drop in deposits is consistent with what we saw what happen when rates moved and there were better alternatives than staying on our balance sheet for low yield.
Brian Shea: Yes, sure. I mean the clearing revenue fee pressure is really driven by few large client exists, primarily driven by the exit of Barclays and Credit Suisse from the U.S. wealth management market entirely, which were two large clients. And those -- Barclays exited in the middle of the fourth quarter and Credit Suisse began their exit in the fourth quarter, so they are partially out. I think you will see continued pressure on the fee revenue line in clearing services for the next few quarters. I think it will be partially offset by a couple of things. We actually had a really strong new business year in clearing services in 2015. We were benefiting by the exit of a large clearing competitor from the market and picked up quite a few high quality clients. Those clients tend to be less fee revenue driven and they tend to be a little bit more balance sheet and lending driven, so that the growth they drive will partially offset the fee decline but you will see some other growth in the NII instead of the fee line. And we also have pretty strong growth in the RIA custody and the prime business, and Pershing is also going to benefit immensely from the fee waiver restoration as rates rise which will help the fee line win as the Fed continues to move over whatever period of time they act on. So in the meantime, we’re focused on strong expense discipline in the clearing business. And as Todd mentioned, we think we can keep the PTI flat in 2016 despite pressure on the fee line.
Brian Shea: I can add something there for you. The clearing fees are about 12% of our total revenues, so that’s what we’re talking about. And it has been a decent grower in the 5% to 6% range. So, it’s going -- I think the team has done a great job managing our expenses and responding to the consolidation in industry that we’ve seen here little bit. So, for a year, it might pause on its growth.
Brian Shea: It’s been an interesting year. You’ve read I’m sure many articles about sovereign wealth funds. At our Investor Day, we described that we were the second largest manager of sovereign wealth fund assets. So we obviously have a lot of clients in this client channel -- clients and assets. And I will tell you -- and I think we highlighted this at Investor Day, a significant portion of that is indexed assets. Todd and Gerald both referenced our flows. And a big portion of our outflows, both for this quarter and this year have been indexed related assets where the fees are quite small. So, we have absolutely -- you can see our outflows and index for the year. And without -- may not be appropriate to talk about any specific clients or client activity but in line with what you’ve seen from the industry. 
Brian Shea: I would add Todd, I think you and Gerald covered many of them already but our mentality on this is, it is continuous improvement. So, we are going to keep driving this business improvement process regardless of the market environment whether it’s worse or better. Even if rates rose 100 basis points, we’d still be driving this because we think we can create sustainable shareholder value. So, all of the things that Todd mentioned, we are excited about the potential from these three pilots in robotics and the ability to start to scale that impact in 2016. The real estate portfolio, you know what we’ve done in New York but that’s actually a global process, so we will be getting more yields from that over time. We’ve in-sourced a lot of application development, our cost per unit for development is better, and our capacity has actually increased. So, we see the opportunity to continue to do more on that. We’ve talked about executing the private cloud; we have moved to significant amount of our legacy servers to a private cloud environment but we have more to do still, and that will create ongoing structure of cost savings. We continue to reduce our dependency on contract developers and temporary services and lower our people related expenses. And as you can see, even from the severance charge Todd took, we’re executing global location strategy. We moved a 1,000 people to global delivery centers last year and I expect we’ll do a similar amount in 2016. So, we continue to execute every component of this process. And I think we have more value to leverage from this franchise. One other part of this, which is enterprise team work, which is they were really collaborating more effectively between investment management and investment service, a great example is the private banking partnership between Pershing’s broker-dealer and RIA clients and our own wealth management group. We are now -- have established now something like $2.3 billion in credit facilities for the clients of independent RIAs and broker-dealers who are trying to compete in the wealth management market. And that’s creating some real lift for the wealth management business and some real leverage to our clients. And it’s another example of working differently.
Brian Shea: Yes, I think we’re just -- in general on our major strategic projects and investments, we’re relying more on our team and developing our own team whenever we think it’s a sustainable need and a capability we need rather than rely as much on contractors, consultants. Part of that’s also the ongoing IT application development in-sourcing which is reducing contract consultant cost, and actually we think improving our speed to market and our actual development productivity at the same time. So, it’s a variety of things, not one single thing but we’re really focused on every part of these expenses.
Gerald Hassell: No. So, it’s a good point. There has been another large U.S. wealth manager that’s announced the exit; it’s another global SIFI that’s announced their exit from the U.S. wealth management business. That transition out will probably take place in the fourth quarter of ‘16. So, that’s not positive. On the other side of that though, we continue to have a strong pipeline of new business in clearing services. And frankly, we have a number of self clearing firms that are considering outsourcing their clearing. So, I hope that we are able to attract some significant new business that offsets that potential loss or the likely loss in the fourth quarter.
Gerald Hassell: Most of -- almost all of the exposure in the energy sector is to investment grade names. So, a lot of integrated firms, we do have some pipeline and refiners, and there is a little bit of E&P but that is to very high quality names. So at this point, we think it’s a pretty solid growth. We might see some transitions in credits, but I do not expect to see any losses.
Gerald Hassell: Ken, I think one way to look at it is revenue growth is a challenge. I mean look at everyone across the marketplace, trying to generate significant revenue growth is a challenge for everybody. We are winning in the places that we want to. We would certainly like to deepen our client relationships and provide more services to many of our existing clients. And I think we have a great solution set to offer. And so that’s one of our key priorities is doing more within existing client base with great set of value-added services and solutions. But revenue growth is tough and that’s why we’ve said and remain incredibly diligent on the expense side. And that remains a focus and we still think we have more opportunities there. And that’s what really propelled our earnings growth this year. And it’s going to be one of the reasons for our success in 2016. So yes, it’s a bit soft, we acknowledge that. We are redoubling our efforts on our client relationships but we’ve got to pay a lot of attention to the expense base to deliver the earnings that you all are looking for and that we are looking for.
Gerald Hassell: So Mike, if you look at the expenses, almost every single category with the exception of total compensation, which Todd explained was largely affected by the severance costs in the fourth quarter, every single category our expenses are down. So all of the things that we’ve talked about, whether it’s custody platform, transformation or conversions, whether it’s simplifying our operating structure, whether it’s taking advantage of technology and robotics, it’s showing up in our numbers, it’s showing up in every single line item. So, I would dispute to your claim that it’s not showing up in the numbers, it is. So, I think you’ve got to look at it across every single line item, look at the positive operating leverage, the improvement in the operating margin, it’s there Mike.
Gerald Hassell: Regulatory headwinds are included in our expense base. We’re offsetting those regulatory headwind costs with aggressive reductions in the operating expenses in all the other categories. So yes, we’re funding investments in resolution and recovery plans, better analytics, better CCAR process, better controls across the Company, improve risk management capabilities. All of that is being funded and we’re still reducing the operating expenses year-over-year and improving the operating margin of the Company. Now on your question on investment services fees and asset servicing in particular, yes, it’s a tough revenue environment and we have to up our game, [ph] engage with our own client clients even stronger than we have in the past and really try to put our best solutions and best services in front of them to gain more traction there. So that is one of our objectives and priorities for 2016 is enhancing our client experience and gaining revenue growth.
Gerald Hassell: We are spending a lot of time and energy in different parts of the Company on the block chain technology and where it can be applied. I think last quarter we commented we have two pilot programs actively engaged internally. We’re participant in a couple of consortiums on blockchain technology. Interestingly we’re hosting a blockchain technology day, next Monday with our own technologists and outsiders, exploring all the different opportunities that we see and others see. So, we’re very actively engaged in the dialogs and the concept of where it can be applied. I think here are some real opportunities for us to be a disruptor to the existing infrastructure. I think it’s going to take quite a bit of time to get there. But we are not sitting back waiting; we are actively engaged in the dialogs. 
Gerald Hassell: Yes, it’s too hard to say. We are all very intrigued with it, we are very intrigued with the concept of it and how it could structurally change a lot of the processes we do. And by the structural change, i.e. reduce costs for us and our clients. And it’s going to take some time to get there to become fully functional.
Gerald Hassell: We don’t comment on the size of the assets under management for sovereign wealth funds specifically. But given that we’re a significant player, we’re seeing what the rest of the industry is seeing and that is certain sovereign wealth funds are liquidating their assets and continuing to follow their social agendas and using money within their own country. So, we’re no different than the rest of the industry in that regard.
Gerald Hassell: Well, thank you very much everyone for dialing in. We really appreciate it. If you have further questions, Valerie and her team look forward to hearing from you. And I’m sure we’ll run into all of you pretty soon. So, thank you very much again everyone.
Curtis Arledge: First of all, we’re very excited about the acquisition that we announced yesterday afternoon of Atherton Lane. And it’s consistent with the strategy that we’ve had in wealth management which is to go into a market. We actually have a team in San Francisco and in Palo Alto who are BNY Mellon employees and have been there for some time in San Francisco and then about a year ago in Palo Alto. But then to find a firm that fits culturally who has a great client base, as Todd said, 700 clients, very fast growing economy, and have that firm fit culturally with what we’re doing, meaning that they think about the entire -- the holistic client need, everything from financial plans to how they think about generational wealth transfer, using trust, insurance and then obviously investments. So, we’re going to bring them the sixth largest asset management firm in the world and all of the banking capabilities of BNY Mellon. And they are eager -- a big part of what makes this work is that they are eager to transition a firm that they’ve grown very nicely since 2005, really to the next level and become part of a global franchise. So, we did this in Chicago with Talon in 2011, with I(3) in Toronto in 2010 and acquisitions that precede that. It’s pretty much our strategy to get a toehold and then bring the full power of our institution to the clients in that region. And we love that strategy. And to the extent that we can -- in other MSAs, other markets where there is -- we think there is real opportunity for what we can do for clients to grow our capabilities, we love to continue to look at those acquisitions. I’ll tell you that we’re extremely thoughtful about not just the terms and conditions of the acquisition but also that cultural fit is there. And it takes some time to identify and ensure that we have that in place. So, it’s a pretty methodical process.
Curtis Arledge: Yes. So, I think that we’re certainly spending time looking for other opportunities like Atherton Lane. So, I want to balance this, so yes, we would love to find other opportunities like that in other markets. And we look at them all the time. It’s one of the great things is we’re connected, Brian talked about Pershing and the rest of our Company has a lot of insight into high quality RI firms around the country. So, we’re always monitoring it like scouting report as to who would be a good fit, who culturally is positioned and yes, we absolutely would love it. We also want to make sure that we execute because we want to make sure every time we do one of these that it works for both acquiring party and their clients.
Curtis Arledge: I think it’s exactly what you’d expect it to be, which is a mix of the uncertainty; the volatility has been very significant. And I think August really shocked people and then you got a little bit of recovery and the first part of this year has been challenging. People are trying to understand that this is a beginning of something greater. We’re talking with them a lot about the differences between now and the financial crisis. Banks have substantially more capital and are a lot less averaged. Obviously the China impact is something we’re really trying to understand, with everyone struggling for the data and really be insightful. So trying to help our clients understand what’s happening is something that they’re all interested in. I’ll tell you that there are also many who have been since the financial crisis underinvested; there’s been a lot of people who have been more in cash and we stressed them that having a solid investment plan and overall financial plan is critical. Being too conservative is not a good thing and many of them have been so. So, we’re seeing some people who are beginning to put money to work, they’re scaling in. I wouldn’t say it’s a -- until volatility settles down, I don’t think we’ll see the dramatic shifts. I will tell you that flows in the industry and we see -- as we’re in both investment management and investment services see so much what’s happening, a lot of clients rebalanced when the equity markets did well. And I do think that we will see people who reduced their equity exposure earlier, they are absolutely going to rebalance, see it in the other direction; as markets decline, they may wait from a timing perspective for things to settle down a bit and just make sure they understand what’s really happening with the economy, the impact of lower energy prices. I still think there is a pretty significant lag effect on what it’ll mean for the real economy which would ultimately be positive. So, I think our clients are uncertain but also interested in figure out whether this is an opportunity to add investment risk to their portfolio.
