Gerald Hassell: Well, as you know last year, we took an increasingly aggressive action on the headcount side and were able to get some structural changes to our headcounts. We saw actually a continued positive trend in the first quarter of this year, except for the fact we’ve acquired a couple pieces of business. And we’ve been building out some capabilities for some new clients in certain key areas. Clearly, our goal as part of our business improvement process is to drive down the labor component of our company and use technology as the strategic asset. So, one of our goals is to get to revenue per employee up, the employee expense down and use technology as a strategic asset to get there. So clearly part of our plan is to reduce that employee headcount per revenue.
Gerald Hassell: Sure, Luke. Thanks. There is a couple of things that you should factor into your thinking on a comparable basis. One, we’ve been in-sourcing our application developers where others have been either outsourcing it or moderating it. They were actually getting more capacity or less dollars in our technology application volume, sourcing those capabilities. And we’ve laid out some of those numbers for you last week and in prior weeks. The second issue is we do internally transfer agency businesses, both in the U.S. and in Europe whereas our principal competitor actually does it through a joint venture or outsources it. Transfer agency services are very labor intensive and therefore, if you were to combined the outsourcing or joint venture arrangement with a competitor you’d probably find a larger headcount on a percentage basis than we may experience. Last but not least, we do have things like corporate trust and clearing services, treasury services that some of our competitors do not have. They do have a labor component associated with it. But they are also good operating margin businesses. So, I think that’s where the comparable basis starts to bring in a question that headcount versus revenues. That’s why we are focused on a revenue per employee. And I think we compare very favorably to other institutions. Our goal is still to improve in that category and our goal is to still improve the operating leverage of our company. That’s what we laid out in Investor Day, that’s what we are committed to delivering.
Gerald Hassell: In terms of the deconsolidation, we think it’s probably in the ballpark of about 2% of the assets. So if it’s 2%, we’ve got a 4.5% ratio, you can kind of do the arithmetic about 9 or 10 more basis points there, Betsy. It’s not a huge mover, but every little bit helps and there is -- obviously there is no cost to doing that. As we disclosed in our CCAR, we are giving some consideration to doing a preferred and preferred could be an additional, it’s a cheaper source of capital obviously than common. And it maybe something that we could do on our path to compliance if we felt it was appropriate based on what we see happening to deposit base. The deposit base is relatively stable. It might be up a little bit what was since the end of quantitative easing. But I think there is going to be some shifting around and the future of the deposit base is going to be a function of how the fed actually conducts its monetary policy.
Gerald Hassell: Yes. I think Ken there are couple of items there. I mean, we -- a lot of our purchase services are things like data sources and information that we used to our business. Our procurement activities are actually helping us drive some of those services. We think actually it’s a little bit more room there. In terms of the management consulting and some of the consulting expenses that we’re incurring related to some of our major platform initiatives, those will probably be running at the rate that we’re seeing now or in the ballpark, there was quite a spike in the fourth quarter. We wouldn’t expect that to recur, but they could be in the same level that they are at today. Legal is a little bit early to call. It should be a piece driven with our settlement, so we might see some benefit out of that through some of our litigation defenses which also fall on that line. So I think in the short term, I look for it to stay down at this level that we saw come from -- down from in the fourth quarter. There might be some room going out, but I am not going to -- at this point I don’t think I really give guidance to a big number yet.
Gerald Hassell: Thanks, Mike. We certainly aspire to be best-in-class in everything we do. And to be recognized as the industry leader in the areas we operate in. We do metric ourselves against the variety of different institutions and a variety of different metrics to try to achieve those goals. We challenge our teams across the company to aspire to those metrics. For the public consumption we give you broad metrics. It’s tough to give you every single metric that we operate in the company within. And so things like fee to expense ratio across investment services, you see continuous improvement there. The revenue per employee is admittedly a broad metric but it’s an indicative metric of one other things we’re trying to work towards. We look at client survey and client satisfaction surveys. We measure those that we shared with you at the shareholder meeting last week are extremely high scores. We want to get to 100%, I’m not sure we will ever get there, but those are some of the things we’re trying to work towards, things like straight through processing rates, accuracy rates are all things that we measure in investment services. Investment management side, we look at the investment performance of the boutiques and the asset classes versus their fee realization. So we have a lot of metrics across the company where we’re aspiring to be the best to everything we do. Will we always get there? It will be a challenge to get there in every single category, but that’s certainly our aspiration.
Gerald Hassell: Okay. Mike, whether it’s revenue per employee or net income per employee, I think they are a metric. But I think the metric ultimately that you need to follow is what is happening to our operating margin and how are we performing, because if we in-source or outsource, whichever way you go is there is good reason for one company do one way versus another doing it another way. Ultimately, it’s got to drop to the bottomline. And I think what you’ve seen in our performance this quarter a 300 basis point increase in our operating margin is pretty substantial. And we continue to focus on driving the margin. We think the strategies ultimately will pay off. We think the in-sourcing of our application developers not only do we have the intellectual property close to our clients, which can make us the best-in-class in terms of providing technology solutions, we also have it at a lower cost because we own it. And that’s being reflecting in our technology costs, which are declining. So I think that that’s how ultimately you have to measure us, because it’s just too hard to tell exactly what’s going on with headcount and how people compute it and whether they’ve got contractor in versus full time employees and so forth. In terms of Meriten, I’ll turn it over to Curtis.
Gerald Hassell: And I think, Meriten is part in by itself, it’s not going to move the needle a lot. But as we pour over the portfolio, as we change our derivatives businesses we streamlined our capital markets activities as we exited the futures clearing margin, as we exited two corporate trusts activities in Japan and Mexico, now throw Meriten into that. As we continue to pore over what makes sense in aggregate, they’re starting to move the needle.
Gerald Hassell: Well why don’t I start and I’ll turn it over to Todd. Well, it’s a very dynamic situation. Supplemental leverage phases in and we work our way towards it. Obviously the level of the balance sheet becomes increasingly more important. We’d like to earn some money on those deposits in the short run. We are watching our deposit base and our client activity. We clearly want to try to drive the deposit base towards operational deposits which are having more favorable treatment. We are educating all of our teams around the company around client activity and whether it's operational deposits or not and therefore the value associated with that. That helps us engage with our clients better and really drive better outcomes for our clients and ourselves. So it’s a very dynamic situation. We are very engaged with our clients on it where we think it’s appropriate as we’ve done in Europe where we are charging for deposits we are but we are modeling this and watching it very carefully.
Gerald Hassell: Yes. So one of the things that we announce recently was the formation of a actually a new investment boutique from start with the state of Texas as a cornerstone investor. We actually launched a firm called Amherst Capital and it’s designed in many ways to benefit from a lot of regulatory change that we are talking about where banks are having to hold more capital, much of the changes in real estate finance have been impacted by that. And so that boutique will actually manage funds in real estate finance as result of this change. And so that’s an example of the kind of thing where we are continuously looking for places, where we believe our clients can earn some very attractive returns, relative to their liabilities and also to their needs. And so we -- one way that we manage our portfolio was by starting new things, launching new things. And it was a great thing to have a very well-known, sizable institutional client launch that with us. On the other hand, the Meriten sale very much was looking at our portfolio and seeing the great growth that we’ve seen from other investment firms in our mix and so both, Insight, Standish, Alcentra, Newton even had some very good European fixed income capabilities. So when we feel like our capabilities get to the point that there is more attractive owner of the firm, we have sold it. And in the past, we closed firms that become subscale and didn’t deliver the investment performance, we’re always looking to find those investment capabilities that we think are excellent that fit, meets that we think our clients have and that are in line with market trends such as I described around the Amherst. It is a continuous process. I will tell you that we are not traders of our investment boutiques. I want to make sure that we don’t send that message because the truth of the matter is we are trying to have investment lineup that satisfies the complete solutions for our vast global client base. And again, the Meriten enterprise by itself is not our core strategy of ours to sell firms but really just made more sense to do something different. The Cutwater acquisition again expanding pension derisking capabilities into the U.S. is a major market trend and that’s why we made that acquisition.
Gerald Hassell: Yes. Thanks for that question. It’s a good one. Again, most of the assets under management that we have are with institutional clients who are very disciplined around rebalancing. And so as equity markets have performed well, the client base that we have is very thoughtful about managing their overall asset allocation. And so rebalancing has absolutely been a big part of the trend we’ve seen not just this quarter but in previous quarter. If we look across the industry and some of what we see in retirement channels and in retail channels that have been -- there has been less volatility. There are actually inflows into some equity products and a lot of the investment we’ve been making in our wealth management business and in our U.S. retail intermediary business have been around being able to capture those flows. And just year-over-year, I can tell U.S. retail across all products had a very nice uptick, about 60% increase in sales. And our wealth management business is also showing some very nice growth. In active equity, we’ve seen some impact at the institutional level where clients have moved from active to passive. I’d tell you that about a third of what we’ve seen in our business in this quarter was a move from active to passive. So that’s a dynamic at play as well.
Gerald Hassell: No, Geoff. I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the impact of the increase in the operational risk capital will be offset by the deconsolidation of certain assets, as we believe we are going to be an early adopter of the consolidation standards. So that will bring us back closer to the 10% range and then there will be some natural accretion of capital, as we both increase our SLR requirements. And we like to be about it. I think being optimal is being about 2x. So if we have 5.5% of the SLR based capital, leverage capital that would probably put us in about at 11% or so for a common equity Tier 1. So, I’d still keep it pretty close to the range of 11% to 12%.
Gerald Hassell: Yeah. This refers back to the consolidation of the variable interest entities that we are just talking about in the balance sheet. So effectively what happens when we have a small interest in our fund, we have to consolidate the entire fund. And as we consolidate that, we recognized the revenue not only from our own small interest but of our clients. And then we take that revenue -- so in the first quarter, it did very well. So it went up substantially and our clients saw much more in the form of revenue that we typically see. And if we go through the balance sheet, you’ll see there is deduction on an after-tax basis of that minority interest. And so what it looks like is we have a large pre-tax income and therefore have a very low tax rates and that’s not our income, doesn’t get included in the tax rate but in effect it’s best just to take the way we report our numbers on an adjusted basis. That’s why we didn’t say our revenue grew 6%, which is what the GAAP number was. It actually grew 4% because we took the client revenue out of the revenue line. As we adopt the new standard, we’ll get a lot less noise from that because it will eliminate most of what you see coming through there.
Gerald Hassell: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. And we really appreciated you dialing in. If you have further questions, please give Valerie Haertel a call and we look forward to catching up with you soon.
Todd Gibbons: Sure, Ashley. Why don’t we start with duration? So what we’ve effectively done is we’ve got about half of the duration of the portfolio or we call, half of the sensitivities of portfolio in held-to-maturity about half in the available-for-sale accounts. And the duration of the total portfolio is probably around 2.5. So we softened the volatility, dampen the volatility pretty substantially to our OCI for movements in interest rates. We still are structured to see a pretty significant benefit from a rise in interest rates. So if we wanted to in our net interest income, as well as in fee waivers and other parts of our portfolio. So if we wanted to, we could probably continue to increase the portfolio a bit. LCR is not necessarily a limiting factor here because we can increase the duration of our HQLA assets, which is effectively what we’ve done here. So, I would say there is a little bit of room there actually but not a lot.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. You had a couple of questions there, Brennan. In terms of DRs, DRs were a little stronger in the first quarter and some of that was timing from things that we’ve seen in the fourth quarter. So we did get a benefit of that, and there is some FX related to corporate actions in DRs. And so we dig at a pickup there. And then some of the FX was substantial increases in volumes, which is somewhat market related as well as just trying to capture on the systems more of the volumes. And then the remainder of the pickup was market driven with some of the events in the Swiss and the higher volatility that we saw in the first quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. I think, A, there is greater clarity or there is perfect clarity now around the -- I shouldn’t call perfect. There is better clarity around the LCR, Alex, which gives us some confidence. And now the HCM account would be traded under the LCR. So we have put prudency limits around how far we would go with that. So if you can see in the quarter I think cash declined by about the size of the increase in the securities portfolio. We do have a very stable core deposit base well in excess of the amount of cash that we -- or securities that we have in the high quality liquid assets in HTM account. There is probably a little bit more room for that. I think most of what you will see us do now is work on both the assets in the non-HQLA to see if we can bump up the yields a little bit in the assets in the HQLA with the same push. But we are kind of sticking -- we are at 97 basis points in NIM. Our guidance is 95 to 102 rate environment that we try to stick with that out. So I think that’s probably the best estimate of where we are going to be there.
Todd Gibbons: It is not. As you look at into the details out, you will see it’s not in our deposit base and deposit base is about flat to up slightly, where you see it is in other borrowed funds. And occasionally, we do put securities out in repo and we will take advantage of some interest earning opportunities. There were less of them, so we bought down the balance sheet by $10 billion. That was self-induced by our treasury team.
Todd Gibbons: And Brian, I would just add that, we’ve learned the lesson of announcing a big program and then delivering on the program and unless it shows up in the operating margin and the operating leverage, it doesn’t count and it’s showing up in the operating leverage and the operating margins. So our margin went up by 300 basis points in the first quarter of last year. Our fee-to-expense ratio has improved in Investment Services and we produced over 500 basis points of operating leverage. Those are the facts.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. So, I think, going for the company as a whole that if interest rates were to stay at zero and you did see a movement for prime, again let’s talk with, what Curtis just indicated is the movement you are seeing into treasury funds not necessarily coming from prime right now, it’s coming from bank deposits. But if in the event as we -- as we move forward money market would fund reform, we would expect prime to go to more toward treasury. And that -- if interest rates stayed at zero that would be a negative for us because there is lower yield in treasury and therefore they are going to be a modest increase in fee waivers as a result of that. If interest rates normalize than the recovery track of fee waivers would be as we’ve described.
Todd Gibbons: I’d love to -- let me clarify that and make it absolutely clear. So yes, we do -- we are paying the double rent. We had a little benefit from currency translation. We also had a little benefit from our outsourcing of maintenance which falls through that occupancy expense line. And in addition, some of the costs associated with the move have not been reflected in that line. So I think the best guidance I could give we had indicated that we thought the line would be up about $30 million for the full year, it’s probably best to think of it at about that amount.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. Jim, I would just add to that, that it’s hard to predict how deposits are going to move until you are clear about what the Fed monetary policy is going to be. So if they are drained in a traditional way which would be through reverse repo then we would think deposits would be -- would run off and it would be price based. Another alternative is literally just to price them. So there are going to be non-operational deposits which mean they aren’t very attractive under the LCR. And I think banks will be not willing to pay a lot for them especially if they are somewhat constrained by the SLR ratio. In the event, net interest rates rise and those deposits want to stick with institutions that are very strong institutions, there will be a cross over at 60 or 70 basis points that looks pretty attractive as a return on capital even just leaving it at the Fed. So there might be a point where you probably race in for further capital just to keep the balance sheet -- keep them on the balance sheet to make it very -- actually a zero risk return but a decent return on regulatory capital.
Todd Gibbons: It’s relatively stable. So you’ll see a little bit of a higher one as the buyback increases but not a lot. So you should still I think, think in the same terms that you just mentioned that there will be share issuance with the employees.
Curtis Arledge: Yes. The marine business was not a huge contributor to our overall pretax and was a large contributor to both revenues and expenses. But the strategy around our divestiture being that we really do have strong fixed income capabilities in Europe and other boutiques and the business didn’t drive a significant amount of pretax such that it made sense to continue to have as much of an offering in Germany as we had there. So it’s not going to be a dramatic impact on margins, but absolutely positive.
Curtis Arledge: Yes. So fee capture when you blend assets, we have fees that are very different in each asset class. And so what we have seen is the fee capture declines really have been result of the success of our rapidly LDI business. So LDI, again the U.S. LDI and European, UK specifically LDI businesses are somewhat different. The biggest part of our LDI business is in the U.K. and Europe through Insight and they have continued to garner assets as pension plans are derisking. The business -- that business is actually quite active business as you’re trying not just to manage against an interest rate liability but also an inflation liability. They earn both base fees and performance fees. So when they perform well, their fee realization is actually meaningfully higher. But again, what’s happening on the total fee capture is that the declines -- we cover this at Investor Day you may remember Ken that it really had a lot to do with the fact our LDI business is growing so rapidly. But again, it’s not a passive business, it’s very much an active business, and much of our performance fees over the past many quarters have been from our LDI business.
Curtis Arledge: Yes. Thanks. One thing I would want to make sure that we highlighted that we in addition to selling Meriten, we also acquired Cutwater. There is actually a net reduction in staff as a result of that, but it’s not going to meaningfully change any of the metrics that you’re looking at, Mike. So that really was a strategic repositioning of our portfolio. Again, we had more fixed income capability in Europe than we felt like we needed. And we also want to grow Insight’s terrific LDI capabilities in the U.S. So partnering them with an excellent firm at Cutwater really was we thought fantastic move. So I just want to make sure we capture both of those.
Curtis Arledge: And I would add to that Brian, all the actions that we’re taking to streamline the organization and transformation that, Brian, just talked about make us a little simpler, a little less risky, but there are also continue to be significant regulatory requirements for us, the resolution planning, meeting some of the data requirements that are substantial. So the regulators continue to increase the bar and we need to be prepared to be able to fund those investments and some of this will drop to the bottomline and some of it will enable us to fund the increasing demands from the regulators.
Curtis Arledge: Hey, Glenn. This is Curtis. Let me give you the view from the Investor Management perspective and then maybe, Todd or Brian, talk about it on the other side. So, first of all, you are seeing people reposition their money market offerings, as we get closer to next year’s floating rate NAV for institutional prime funds and we’ve actually been spending a lot of time on that as well. And so not ready to announce anything just yet, but I think, it's fair to say, that the industry will position itself for, what we do believe will be a shift in asset, there are a lot of people who currently -- institutional clients that use fixed NAV prime funds that will not be able to have them be in floating in status. So we know assets are likely to move. We continuously survey our clients and not just across investment management but the whole company. We are obviously a very large player here. And we do believe that -- between the third and 50% of the clients will shift to treasury funds. And so to answer your questions about what that means from a fee waiver perspective, I actually has -- it’s very significant where interest rates are when that occurs fee waivers are more challenging in treasury funds. And so, if in October of 2016 interest rates haven’t moved, there will be a negative impact from fee waivers from that activity.  One of the other thing, it is somewhat offsetting that though and you’ve seen some banks begin SLR is having an impact changing their views on deposits and so we have absolutely seen hedge funds and other clients who would have left the deposits on bank balance sheets move those two money market funds. And so we are actually in the first quarter across our platform and within investment management, we saw balances remained relatively stable, the seasonality would have suggested that they would have been down somewhat. So there is a growth in money market funds occurring as a result of regulation, so there are some countervailing at play here.
