Bob Kelly: Thanks, Andy and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our EPS for the quarter was $0.49 or $601 million. On an operating basis that was $0.59 or $715 million. Earnings were reduced by about 10% mainly due to increased litigation reserves for several existing matters.  Overall I would characterize the quarter as an encouraging quarter. Fee revenue was positively impacted by higher market values and we demonstrated superb asset quality in both our loan and security portfolios. Offsetting this was money market fee waivers, lower trading volume and lower volatility quarter-over-quarter.  As you know our business model is really levered to rates edging up and financial flows beginning to normalize at higher levels and we have yet to see that at this point. Fee revenue has been unchanged sequentially, mostly due to seasonality in some of our businesses which are somewhat unique and off 6% versus a year ago. Asset and wealth management fees were up 13% over a year ago.  We had net positive long-term flows of $16 billion in client assets. Asset servicing fee revenue grew by 17% year-over-year. Security lending spreads and FX volatility levels remain muted. NII is down slightly compared to last year but up 6% sequentially principally reflecting the higher yields related to the restructured assets in our securities portfolio. Operating expenses remain very well controlled.  Together with our success in winning new business we achieved another quarter of positive operating leverage. On the new business front in addition to strong inflows and asset management we had new asset servicing wins of over $200 billion in assets under custody cutting across all client segments and geographies whether it is corporate, financial institutions, endowments or international.  [Inaudible] a number of mandates which we expect to be able to announcement shortly and wealth management had its 17th consecutive quarter of net long-term client asset inflows. Realize too that since the beginning of our financial crisis a couple of years ago we have been successful in creating new products to help our clients fulfill more difficult and stringent reporting requirements. A couple of examples might include our new portfolio of stress testing capabilities and our Derivatives 360 product which improves the transparency and helps clients reduce risk overall. Both of these products are strengthening our ties with clients and creating new revenue streams for the company overall.  Credit quality trends are improving nicely. You may notice the provision is down 46% and nonperforming assets were down 17% sequentially and our unrealized pre-tax loss on the investment portfolio is not quite at break-even yet but it is down 77% from year-end which was the last three months.  Service levels remain very strong. The last annual R&M survey of custody clients and fund managers BNY Mellon Asset Servicing was ranked number one overall in six key categories and ahead of our peer group in a further seven categories. In Global Investor Magazine’s annual FX survey we were ranked number one in 25 categories including four overall performance categories and 14 of the 20 service categories. This is the third consecutive year in which we have essentially dominated this survey.  On the capital side all of our key capital ratios strengthened during the quarter. You may have noted that our Tier 1 common and our Tier 1 capital are up over 100 basis points sequentially. As you know we are using our capital to make accretive acquisitions and to support organic growth in both our core asset management and security servicing businesses. Our asset management results this quarter are already benefiting from the acquisition of Insight which was closed last November.  In this quarter you may recall that we announced two asset servicing acquisitions; Global Investment Services with operations primarily in the U.S. but also in Ireland and Poland and BHF Asset Servicing in Germany. Both of these deals are expected to close in the third quarter and will be immediately accretive to earnings. Also as previously reported we still intend raise about $700 million in common equity to fund these purchases and also to maintain strong capital ratios in spite of the spreads we did see in the first quarter.  So in summary what I would say the positives for this quarter are that nice year-over-year growth in revenue, AUM and assets under custody. Second we had new business inflows which are encouraging. Credit quality is excellent. Expense control is evident and capital generation is strong.  Maybe with that I will turn it over to Todd so he can review the numbers with you in more detail. 
Bob Kelly: Clearly the capital ratios were stronger than even we would have expected a quarter ago.  Having said that we believe in having a really strong balance sheet and we want to make sure we can continue to invest organically and maybe after March at least some small acquisitions. The way I kind of think about it is this is less than 2% of our market cap. It is like 1.8%. So it is not a lot of money incrementally and we don’t need it until the third quarter and we haven’t been in a rush frankly since the last quarter and our stock is higher. So at the margin it has been helpful for us to wait. 
Bob Kelly: There is certainly nothing on the horizon here. Anything I would see I would expect to be fairly small. It would really depend upon the geography firstly and that is the advantage of BHF in Germany versus PNC being in the U.S. so certain teams backed up by basically the same technology so we have to be careful. In other businesses we would still have some opportunity to do things. We don’t worry about it too much but I would think we are more or less done for the year other than perhaps a few things outside of the U.S. perhaps. It is still early. 
Bob Kelly: The other thing I would say is that this is a pretty core strategy. As you know we are in the business of attracting an awful lot of cash and that is why we have been signaling that if rates come up it would be really profitable for us. We actually think of this business very holistically, i.e. on balance sheet, off balance sheet for our owned businesses and off balance sheet for third-party and we think about it so holistically we actually have our Corporate Treasurer now running all of these businesses. 
Bob Kelly: We do currently include in our economic capital the risk of the MMF business and it really depends on the implicit [report] of it might be embedded in it. It is a retail 287 fund and that attracts a pretty significant amount of our economic capital. 
Bob Kelly: We do. The feedback we are getting as we have talked to the regulators is the initial consultative paper is out there for discussion. It has a few issues as you would expect in the first cut of a whole new capital regime. We would expect it to change quite a bit from where it currently stands. At least that is the feedback that we are hearing. I think there is a good dialogue between the regulators in the U.S. have had a couple of sessions in New York and in Washington where they are getting the industry feedback and I think they are listening. 
Bob Kelly: Thanks everyone. I think that was the last call of people who were dialed in. We very much appreciate your support and the level of questions. On to Q2. Thank you. 
Ron O’Hanley: Let me talk about asset management. In terms of the stronger dollar, it actually offset market [inaudible] growth almost dollar for dollar. Market effect was $19 billion for the quarter. The stronger dollar eroded assets by about $19 billion. So that was a wash. In terms of AUM flows we had about $16 billion overall across asset and wealth management and positive net long-term flows which was very strong; it’s strongest in certainly the last five years for a quarter coming off the $13 billion we had last quarter.  Short-term flows though you are seeing everywhere were negative. For us it was a negative $25 billion. We would expect to see until you get some kind of stabilization in interest rates we certainly wouldn’t expect to see a lot of inflows in the short-term. 
Ron O’Hanley: We think about our cash business quite holistically. If you think about all of the various businesses we are in whether it is our securities services business or wealth business there is a lot of associated cash. Some of it goes onto the balance sheet. Some of it goes into our own proprietary products and some of it we put off to third parties. We have one of the most sophisticated liquidity platforms out there. Our view is this business is quite an important part of our overall business. We have to manage it sensibly. We have to be careful of the risks here but we view ourselves particularly relative to most others as [at scale] player and one that wants to be able to not just survive but thrive through the cycle. 
Ron O’Hanley: I think you are thinking about it in exactly the right way. As you see our AUM shift and it will shift as money moves out of cash into other assets and as we enjoy positive net long-term flows you will see the realized fee go up. That is obviously something good here. That coupled with, I am not predicting the market here, but as long as we continue to have positive market effects that tends to, as you know, get the higher value assets and the higher fee assets. We would expect to see; all things being equal, realized fee continue to go up. 
Ron O’Hanley: I don’t know that I can give you guidance but what I can do is tell you our pipelines remain strong. Both outside the U.S. has been consistently strong and they have started to strengthen in the U.S. as decisions are being made. These tend to be areas that are non-cash so again there is a higher fee rate. We would continue and expect to see a higher revenue rate and a higher realized fee rate. The other thing that I think you are aware of and I would point you to is the comparison between the fourth and the first quarter is a little bit hard to do because of our performance fees. You have to take that out and I assume you are doing that. Leaving that side, given the pipelines and given the change in investor behavior and given our investment performance we would expect to see these numbers continue to trend up. 
Ron O’Hanley: What we have historically seen in the past in this kind of rate environment even though we have never seen this kind of a rate environment typically what you should see is as there is an expectation of rising rates you start to see some client erosion. As rates start to go up you see more client erosion particularly the most sophisticated institutions who we think will go direct and not go into a pool like this. The other thing we have seen given our position is we always end up after one of these cycles with more share than what we started. So once this period is over we tend to once this period is over we tend to, if you will, bottom out at a higher level than we did the last time and with slightly more share. If you think about, and that is for a long history of being in this business, if you think about now we are three years into this merger and we have fully integrated and insinuated the money market business with all of our other security services businesses in essence we are serving a lot of our own clients and we would expect to bottom out at a much higher number. 
Ron O’Hanley: We are actually coming out with, it is in SEC registration now, but we are actually coming out with a floating product. I think it is up in the air of what the demand will be but it certainly will have a higher yield so it could be at least for some clients quite attractive. We are prepared for this. Again our client tends to be sophisticated institutions so we want to have a full range of products and we expect to be one of the first out with one of those kinds of products. 
Jim Palermo: On the AUC side on asset servicing, as I think you know and as Todd mentioned earlier, we are more over-weighted on the fixed income side. So we don’t see as dramatic an effect in the AUC when you see the equity markets rising. That is principally the difference in what you are discussing. 
Jim Palermo: When I think about the expense space and asset servicing we are focusing on two things; core process re-engineering and leveraging our global growth centers. I would like to share one statistic with you. Last year we had about 29% of our staff in low cost locations. For this quarter we will be at 33% and we will make continued progress through the year. That affects our total comp base here where we will drop compensation by 6% or $4,000 per person on average. We will continue to focus on leveraging the global growth center and continue to focus on core process re-engineering. 
Jim Palermo: I think the other thing I would add to that is all of our high margin businesses whether it is net interest revenue, FX or securities lending are at relatively low levels right now because of where we are in the capital markets. So as we see a little bit of volatility or a little bit of rate that drops right to the bottom line. 
Todd Gibbons: As we see prepayments we would expect the Grantor Trust to wind down more quickly and then we would see the [same] number of cash flows and yield goes up pretty significantly. There is some rate sensitivity from that perspective. So it is pretty highly levered to the direction of interest rates. 
Todd Gibbons: We can’t really comment as you would expect when we are in discussions with any specific litigations. It probably doesn’t surprise you or anybody else that given the environment we are in the violent activity we have had during the financial crisis here there is a little more litigation. We feel where we are at the time we are adequately reserved. 
Todd Gibbons: It really is coming from two areas. It is coming from the release of the compression on our net interest income and also having a little higher yield on the money market funds maybe means we won’t have to waive so many fees. It is not linear. The first 25 basis points is more valuable to us than the last 25 basis points of that 100. I would say we probably capture close to 50-60% in the first two, we will definitely capture more than 60% in the first two but almost all of that in the first move. Then it kind of slows down. The assumption that we have made assumption we have made, and it is hard for us to do it in any other way because we would just be speculating, is that our deposit levels remain where they are today and that the money market funds remain where they are today. Typically you may see some money exit money market funds if you see a rise in rates but who knows, you might see people actually attracted to that.  In order to give you the statistics and give you the sense of really what is driving what we know that is really how we came up with that estimate. 
Todd Gibbons: There is. We are assuming it would be kind of a coordinated global effort, primarily dollar related and to a lesser extent the Sterling and Euro. 
Todd Gibbons: Like I would say in this environment we think we are adequately reserved for what we know now but it is a tough environment and I would expect both legal expenses and litigation costs run a little hot right now. 
Todd Gibbons: We actually run four different cash flow models against; two of our own and two external. We are starting to see severities finally peak and we are starting to see some modest improvements in various components. Sub-prime is actually doing a little bit better than what we had. We had been pretty severe in our assumptions around the accretions. So we do a projected cash flow it has been positive. In addition the market value of the underlying assets have risen quite nicely. It is not directly correlated where we expect the projected cash flows but it is nice to see the market is also supporting our own assessment. 
Karen Peetz: We actually had client deposits growing, similar to [Dave’s] comments. The core fees were flat but we had some seasonal activity in DRs and the money market fees in corporate trust declining. 
Karen Peetz: Exactly. So we would expect the DR business to pick up towards the end of the year because of seasonality and we are also seeing a very good pipeline in corporate trust. 
Karen Peetz: Yes and to keep driving market share gains as well. Overall we are pretty positive about the end of the year. 
Karen Peetz: I would add the same thing for Issuer Services and Treasury Services we are particularly looking for places where we have similar processes in different businesses that can be done the same to look for expense reductions. 
