Charles Scharf: Thanks, Mike. As we look forward to 2018, we think about our performance in 3 distinct pieces, first, any additional charges resulting from the review underway that I've spoken about; second, the impact of tax reform and the effect of investments we will make in our employees and businesses a result of the tax reform; and third, the core underlying franchise performance excluding these 2 items. While we aren't giving forecast or guidance, I thought it would be helpful to put some specificity around our thoughts for 2018 by talking about these items individually. First, regarding additional charges, as we finish our review of the businesses, we would expect to have additional charges during 2018. These can include severance, real estate, the impact of programs to bring more automation to our activities and other items. As of today, our expectation is that it would be something similar to the charges we reported in the fourth quarter, but this, of course, could change. Second, regarding the impact of tax reform, we are anticipating that the impact of the lower tax rate would be almost entirely offset by the actions we will take to reinvest this benefit in our employees and our businesses. I believe we've been prudent in how we've thought about our excess capital generation. We believe that the first call should be on building the appropriate capital base for the company; second should be on organically investing inside the company when those investments meet the appropriate hurdles; thirdly, acquisitions if they meet the same criteria; and lastly, return to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. We think we have done this and have returned in excess of $9.8 billion to our shareholders over the last 3 years. We still intend to return substantial capital to our shareholders this year, subject to approval through the CCAR process, but we've thought how best to use this additional ongoing benefit from the change in tax law. We believe that we've got a responsibility to our employees to share the benefit as well as to invest as much as we intelligently can to build the company for the future so we can serve all of our clients, communities and shareholders for the long term. We believe these investments are the right thing to do and good for all. This includes increasing minimum wages for all employees to $15 per hour in the U.S. and other actions we're currently contemplating. In addition, we intend to meaningfully increase the amount we spend on technology. We know we're a bank and are proud of it, but we're different from other banks. 75% of our company is a technology-based processing business and 25% is investment management, where technology will continue to become a more important tool for success. Our technology will define our future, and we need to ensure we're investing to create the highest quality infrastructure and a platform which allows us to both drive significant efficiencies in the future as well as be agile enough to allow us to move quickly as we expand our product offerings. We are well into this journey and seek to accelerate the effort. The third item is how we think about our performance excluding these items and also excluding the significant items in 2017. As an illustration, if you were to use the revenue growth included in your models, which is roughly between 3.5% to 4%, and our expectation that all other non-technology expenses would grow at a very low rate, this would result in EPS growth of low to mid-double digits, which is consistent with our actual performance over the last few years. Now I know this is high level but we thought it would be helpful to give you some context. As I've said several times, we hope to answer all your questions on March 8, and we'll do the best job we can. But for now, we'd love to answer whatever questions you have, especially about this quarter.
Charles Scharf: Thanks, Brennan, for the question. I guess the way I would say it is the way we're thinking about it is -- I mean, this is -- it's clearly a step up in the level of technology spend that we have going on at the company. So when we get to 2019, we certainly wouldn't expect to see anything like this. We would expect to see just however we would normally manage our expenses, which hopefully would be very prudently, but nothing like this. I think relative to the benefits that we would get, I think, listen, there are obviously a couple of different reasons why we spend money in the world of technology. We do want to make sure that we've got the right kind of infrastructure, right risk resiliency, but, certainly, to build products and to create an environment here where we can continue to gain more efficiencies. So we'll try and spend more time on this on March 8 when we have more time together. But certainly, we do hope that post 2018, we would be able to start seeing some kind of benefits, whether it's on the revenue side or the expense side, because of the amount of money that we're investing. But at this point, hard to put a number on it.
Charles Scharf: Sure. Listen, I would put a lot less -- I mean, relative to the amount of money that we're spending and the emphasis on this comment, I'd put a lot less on that, quite frankly, than on the technology piece. We do think that we should look at what's fair and right amongst our employees given the changes that were made and, certainly, what some of the goals of it are. Moving minimum wage to $15, I mean, I'd love to sit here and tell you that we're leading this country to some place where it isn't but that's not the case. It's just others have done it. We're -- we'll do what it feels like the right thing to do. And so it feels like sharing that portion with our employees is the right thing to do relative to the tax law change. Again, in the big scheme of things relative to the impact of this, it's a small number, and there are other things that we're thinking of. But I would also put them in the context of thinking of other things relative to all of our compensation plan and all of our benefits that we have here. And so I wouldn't expect anything else that we would do from your standpoint to be material. But it might -- hopefully, if we do things, it'll be things that our employees here appreciate.
Charles Scharf: I want to say almost all of it, if not all of it, is for the existing businesses that we have here as opposed to businesses that we're not in. But I would think about it in several different categories. I think about it in terms of infrastructure, I think about in terms of cyber and I think about in terms of just technology development work to expand the product set that we have here or to electronify things that are done manually, and that can be both in operations functions or in businesses where we create electronic products. The focus that we have is on continuing to build the quality of the businesses that we have and build adjacencies where we have, and that's where the money is intended to go.
Charles Scharf: Well, you said a couple of different things in there, and so I'll make just a couple of comments, which is, first of all, as we look at our performance in terms of where we're going in 2018 -- I want to make sure that at least there's some degree of clarity on this comment, which is we still expect to see operating leverage improvements next year even with this additional technology spend. Now obviously, it will be less than it otherwise would have been because it's a meaningful number. But when we think about the dynamics of our business and what we're shooting for, that's not something that we're just putting on hold and saying we'll revisit that in 2019. That is very much still part of our core thinking. And quite frankly, as we see the revenue environment pan out through 2018, we still have levers to pull. So when we talk about the way we're thinking about spending, you and I both know that you don't make these commitments on, what is today, January 18 and put yourself in a position not to be able to do something about it. So that's something which is still very much part of the psyche of the way we think about the company. And I know you've asked something else beyond that but...
Charles Scharf: Yes. I'll deal with 30,000 feet. And then maybe -- Mike and Todd are here and may want to chime in a little bit. I think -- listen, I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, I think, when we think about expanding the product set that we have, whether it's improving or building adjacencies, sometimes the things that you do support the price you have in the marketplace and make you competitive when you're sitting in front of a client. Other times, they insert you into a market that you're not necessarily in. And still, there are third times when there are things that you can charge for because clients directly see the benefit of something and are willing to pay for it, and we've got examples of each. And Mike and Todd, you guys might want to talk about it a little bit.
Charles Scharf: So a couple of things. So on the first piece, as I said a little bit earlier, I mean, there is -- we don't, as I -- we don't make budget decisions, planning decisions and then tell everyone just, "You're done and go off and do it, and we'll see you next December when we're planning 2019." We have a high degree of flexibility with a significant portion, certainly, of our technology spend. I personally would like to do as much as we possibly can. If we didn't want to do it, we wouldn't be doing it, meaning we're not just sitting here saying, "Okay, there's this big tax benefit coming through so let's go figure out how we can go spend it." In some respects, they're related; in some respects, they're totally independent, right, which is we've been -- you all know we've been going through this review thinking very much about what we think we need to do for the future, and we came to the determination that we think we can intelligently spend this amount of money. But as I said, there are -- it's not one big spend. There are hundreds of discrete things that are embedded in there that we could decide to delay or go forward with in the time frame that we're planning for. So -- and then relative to the rest of the expense base, as I said in the comments, I think we're going to continue to be very, very prudent about watching everything else that we spend. And if pushed, there's probably more that we could do there as well, but that's something that we really need to think through. So as I said earlier, I think this business, run properly, creates operating leverage. That's something that we continue to believe is important. It's important for you all, but it's important for us to be able to remain relevant in terms of how we price and how we deliver our products and services. So as we look through 2018, it's very much like you're sitting in the cockpit of an airplane and we're ready to pull different levers. The way I described how 2018 could pan out is what we would like to do based upon what we know now, but we're very much willing to rethink it if circumstances warrant it. But again, it's what we think is prudent right now. And the second part of the question about how to think about the base, I think you captured it right, which is it's 2017 adjusted for tax and adjusted for the significant items that we spoke about. And I just want to mention one other thing real quick just as we think about 2018 because, again, we haven't thought about these things in a vacuum. One of the things that's -- I mean, which I just feel very good about the operating model that we have is, even if you exclude the tax benefit that we have for next year and when we think about, again, the -- 2018 the way it was laid out, our ability to spend this additional amount of money in technology. And if you work through the math, the effect on -- the effect of tax is something like 4 points or so on the EPS growth rate. So the ability to still get close to a double-digit EPS growth with this kind of step up in the technology spend says an awful lot about the model and the company. And then beyond that, as I said before, our anticipation is we go back to a more normalized increase year-over-year.
Charles Scharf: Yes. So a little bit definitional here. I mean, meaning year-over-year, we might have had some technology increase anyway. But the way we think about it is, again, you can think -- the minimum wage increase is not a big number in the context of this. Your calculation on going from 25% to 21% is a little less than $250 million or so. And so that's a good way to think about it in terms of range, the way we're thinking about the increase in technology spend. And away from that, we would assume that there is very, very little other expense growth as of now.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, I have no way of knowing what peers will do and what they're currently doing other than what we all read about. I would say and I think this is a -- as we've been thinking about Investor Day, one of the things that we hope to spend a fair amount of time on is to talk about the uniqueness of the Bank of New York Mellon franchise. And the -- meaning, we're not just -- I mean the word trust bank, it's like the word boutique. It's just they're kind of funny words given the size and the scope and the breadth of what we do. We do some things that some of our competitors do, and we do it well and they do it well. But we also have some things that are very unique to what we are and to the kind of conversation that we can have when we sit across the table from clients. And so one of the things which is high in our list to talk through in detail on March 8 is exactly how we think we're differentiated versus the other people that you often think of as our competitors. So more to come on that.
Charles Scharf: So let me just make sure -- I've tried to cover this in my remarks a little bit, which is we've given a tremendous amount back through dividends and buybacks. And so as we think about what the future looks like, that hasn't changed. And so relative to the core incremental capital generation here, we would assume that through dividends and buybacks, you would continue to see the same types of trends that you've seen in the past, subject to CCAR. So that hopefully does mean increasing dividends and whatever the difference is in terms of buybacks. So when we talk about the increment -- the capital needed for the incremental spend, the way we're thinking about it now, this is it.
Charles Scharf: And the only thing that I would add, Mike, is just a couple of things, which is, first of all, on brand. You might sit here and say, "Well, why haven't you chosen a brand?" We've got -- if you look across the company here, we've got lots of things going on with brands, and so the work to consolidate these 3 entities does take quite a bit of time. And so what we've said is let's try and be really smart, do some real work to try and figure out what makes the most sense for the long term for the brand as opposed to just pick something which feels good in the moment. And my own comment just on this, because Mitchell was obviously well underway with this before I got here, is it just -- I mean this makes all the sense in the world. We have 3 entities that are relatively subscale who we think we can drive significant benefits by creating more scale both internally in terms of the things that we spoke about, the efficiencies in the back office and the trading operations and things like that, but also how we present ourselves to clients in the consulting community. So we do have a year of consolidation work to do, which is never easy in these businesses. But for the long term, just -- to me, it makes all the sense in the world.
Charles Scharf: And on the first part of your question, again, we would -- the $250 million, that is -- assume that's P&L and assume that's, at this point, a way to think of ongoing P&L as well.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, these guys know it better than I. We're spending -- I'm spending more time on it. When we were sitting here last quarter, there were some very, very large specific transactions that we did not win that we were all very knowledgeable about and, quite frankly, we're fine not winning, either because of price or because of terms. As we sit and look at the business levels this quarter, it doesn't look like we've lost anything significant. It looks like we maintained share in the business. It was a question of business activity. Hopefully that helps.
Charles Scharf: Listen, that's a great question, and I probably wasn't as clear as I could have or should have been. When we think about how we invest inside the company and how we invest outside of the company and just -- I've been critical of things here and I've been supportive of things. I would say we have a very strong analytical framework for how we think about how and where we're investing. And when -- so when I talked about -- I forgot a word I used. I used the word -- when we look at the different criteria that we look at for these things and I talked about hurdles, I mean, we're clearly making a decision whether we're investing inside the company, whether investing on acquisition or we're buying our stock back. Those are all investment decisions, and we look at what all of those things return on behalf of the shareholder over the long term. And so the way I laid it out, we would -- we're here to build the company for the future. We think there's tremendous opportunity so we would love to spend -- to build if it has the right returns, but those returns have to be better than returning it to you and what you could do with that. So returning to shareholders is part of the criteria that we will continue to use to evaluate that option versus doing other things with the capital.
Charles Scharf: The sizable wins, they are episodic in nature. And so as we look at what was won in the asset servicing business, these are things that people are working on here for a long time, hopefully get implemented within 2018 and we can do the work on the things that go beyond that. In clearing, I think we've talked about this. We have -- we've won and lost from some of the consolidation that's taken place in the industry over the past bunch of years. There were couple that we have lost. But we feel very good about what, I would say, as we get towards the end of 2018, 2019 looks like based upon other wins that we've had and how long it takes to implement some of these things.
Charles Scharf: I'm excluding the significant charges that we had in 2017 and whatever we could have in 2018 when I say that.
Charles Scharf: That includes the full incremental technology spend and what we expect the growth to be in the rest of our expense base.
Charles Scharf: So just on that for a second -- and Todd's sitting here. Todd has been very, very direct about what we've done and not done in Corporate Trust in our conversations over the past bunch of years. And I think we have a -- Corporate Trust is an important and a strong part of our business. We went through a process here several years ago where we thought about whether it belonged here or not. We -- after going through a process and thinking it through, the conclusion was made that it does belong here, it's an important part of the future, and we suffered from that. We suffered from that in the marketplace. And even internally -- again, this is -- Todd, I'm echoing what you've said, is, we moved very, very quickly to reestablish ourselves in the business and we lost salespeople. We didn't necessarily invest in all the places we should have, and that's what resulted in the decrease in share. When we sit here today, when we think about some of the things that we've got to do, we've got new leadership in there, Frank La Salla, who is laser-focused on doing the things that are necessary, which include hiring back salespeople, building out the appropriate product structure and ensuring that we do everything we can to our -- with our Corporate Trust business to leverage all the relationships that we have with those people that make the decisions on who the trustee is going to be. So it's very much part of the investments that we're making and what we've talked to you about, and it's very much part of the talk track we have with Todd's GCM organization.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, I mean, there's no easy answer to the question. It depends on the type of investment that we're making. I mean, we are increasing our cyber spend in these numbers by over 50%. Honestly, we don't spend a lot of time talking about the payback in those terms. We talk about what we can do to strengthen the walls around the company and the monitoring and protection process inside the company. We're spending a tremendous amount more on infrastructure, a great deal of which provides us with a platform to create more efficiencies and to create a different kind of product set than we have today. And so when it comes to an infrastructure spend, very, very hard to put specifics around that. When it comes to product development spend, there are 2. I think it becomes -- it's very different in terms of what we're willing to accept in terms of payback relative to the strategic nature of what the investment is. Maybe we'll think a little bit about whether we could put a little bit more clarity around that when we get to March 8 for you.
Charles Scharf: Yes. Listen, I think, one of the things that we -- one of the benefits I think that we have when it comes to technology is we're not dedicated in any one specific part of the country or part of the world. We have technology resources in Pittsburgh, in New York, in India, in different parts of Europe. And I think the -- I had to say this. It's -- I don't feel like the war on talent in technology is something, at this point, which is holding us back. I think it's there. I think it's real. But I think the more interesting things that we do as a company and the more people in that space understand how what they're doing impacts what we can do as a company, we become an even more important place to work. When you look at our turnover, not excessively high in any way, shape or form, so I feel okay about where we are there.
Charles Scharf: Yes. So on the first point, just a point of clarification. We're not assuming is using your estimates for revenue growth, when you look at the analyst estimates for revenue growth. We haven't told you what we think revenue growth will exactly be or what our embedded assumptions are within that. But I would say just, if you were to characterize it, it's a continuing relatively strong business environment for the places where we operate, not worse, not substantially better from today, but looking very much like where we are. That's the way we're just internally thinking about it. The second...
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I'd add a couple of things. I think it's actually pretty exciting, some of the opportunities we're seeing. Mike alluded to one in collateral management. We're also building out in our tri-party operations an automated rules engine so that the buy side or the sell side for that matter could more easily change margins on collateral, and therefore, we think that will enable them to do more with us. So I think it'll help the growth and not necessarily change the pricing. We're also looking into making things smoother and connecting our multiple -- our domestic and our global collaterals so clients can easily and seamlessly move collateral around the globe. That would be a unique capability that we can offer, and we think that should build greater adoption. We're investing in things like enhanced FX trading platforms. We should -- we're already seeing some benefits of improved volumes there. We're investing in real-time payments. There's quite a few choices that we have. I think the challenge is we got to pick the right ones.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure, Ken. This is Todd. I'll take that. We had 3 very significant wins in the quarter, some of the big players. So we do feel some -- now it's particularly in asset servicing. So we see some pretty good momentum there and some continued pipeline, but I think it was a little bit episodic. And your second question was around the termination fees in the clearing business, and that did have a positive impact. Probably it was about 4% of the year-over-year growth. And we've probably called this out in the past. But I looked over the last 10 years. Over the last 10 years, we only have -- of our 10 largest customers, only 2 of them are with us 10 years ago. So there's constant change in here, as you would expect, with consolidations and other things. And during the quarter, we also won some very nice business in the clearing business, so I'm still feeling pretty good about it.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. So right now, we will still get the benefit of those renewable credits. So if you think through our tax rate, we effectively expect to be at the statutory rate of 21%. But remember, we're paying still the state and local taxes as well, so it would have been higher if it wasn't for the benefit of things like the renewables. We do invest in the bank on life insurance, and we also have some tax exempts on -- in there as well. So the combination is what's holding it down. So there was a little bit of restructuring in the value of those, which run through the asset investment and other income, and so the negative drag on investment and other income is going to be slightly less than it otherwise would have been. But the net benefit is still there's still credits, and we still are going to get the benefit of those credits.
Michael Santomassimo: Betsy, it's Mike. Obviously, as you know, we need to work through the whole CCAR process to sort of get that all approved and worked through. I think the only thing I would say is there's no need to sort of stay within sort of 100% payout as we look forward that we're aware of. And so I think we're sort of thinking through that now as we go through the CCAR process.
Michael Santomassimo: I think, Mike, this is Mike. What we said last quarter was we spend a little over $2 billion a year on technology. So that's the disclosure we've given.
Michael Santomassimo: Well, I think, I mean, I think, of the $2 billion, that includes all the centralized spend plus our estimate of all kind of decentralized spend that takes place in -- within the company. And so I mean, I would expect -- the way we'd think about is that it's a little less than $250 million, but that would be additions to the infrastructure spend, the cyber spend and the core development spend that we have at the company. So I'm not sure if I'm answering your question, so tell me if I'm not.
Michael Santomassimo: I'll start with the last piece, Vivek. The software and equipment line jumped up as a result of the charges we took, with an asset impairment there. So don't think of the fourth quarter number as the new run rate for that line.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, we haven't disclosed the exact number, Vivek. But it'll be a little bit higher -- as we go into Q1, it should be -- it'll be a little bit higher than what we saw in Q3.
Michael Santomassimo: Vivek, I'll start. It's Mike. I think the linked -- the primary driver of the linked-quarter decline, as you probably know, is the seasonality that we see in the third quarter. I think the volumes that we saw in sort of the core issuance, cancellation, cross-border settlement area was a little bit lower than we expected, and that really drove the further decline.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, Brian, as you can imagine, like getting exact numbers on market share -- this is Mike, by the way. Getting exact numbers on market share and some of the subcomponents on -- in Corporate Trust is pretty difficult. But when you look at the structured product market like CLOs, we saw a big decline in market share over the last 3, 4, maybe 5 years, probably down 30% or 40% over that time period. And so we're very focused on making the investments we need to sort of regain some of that share in some of those particular products. Having said that, there are parts of the Corporate Trust business where our market share has been stable or growing over that time period as well. So this is really a focused effort on some particular product sets in that business.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. We said before, think about it as the GAAP number adjusted for the fourth quarter impact of tax and the other significant items that we disclosed.
Michael Santomassimo: Brian, the way I would look at that is -- what Charlie explained is it's not $3.72 because that includes both the tax benefit as well as the significant charges that we called out. So if you take that combination, that's, I believe, about $0.17. That's what you have to start with for those numbers to play themselves out. You'll be able to work through all that information. We don't need to triangulate it with more.
