Emily Portney: So Brennan, good morning. I just taking a quick step back, I do want to do a shout-out to our CIO because I think that really did – do a great job in terms of both optimizing NIR but also protecting against AOCI volatility during the quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks and I’ll give a bit more color, we shortened the duration of the AFS portion of the portfolio. It’s now a little over 1.5 years, down from more than 2 years at the end of last quarter. We’ve transferred longer-dated securities to HTM. You’ll notice that HTM now as a proportion of the securities portfolio is about 40%. That’s up from about 36% at the end of last year. We’ve also reduced convexity and credit risk in the portfolio. And so all of these things, I mean, we did – obviously, there was a reduction in AOCI of $1.5 billion during the quarter, but it would have been larger had we not taken these actions. And as you rightfully point out, these actions have also made us a lot less sensitive to rising rates going forward. And as I also, I think, mentioned, we’ve reduced – just to put a finer point on it. We’ve reduced DV01 in the AFS portfolio in excess of 25% just through the actions that we carried out this quarter. So as you can tell, we’ve been managing the portfolio very actively, we’ll continue to monitor it and be very nimble.
Emily Portney: Sure. So when it comes to deposits and runoff, what I’d first say is that we’re just using the forward curve. So assume that it’s just as baked into the forward curve, Fed funds is about 2.5% by the end of the year. Also, we’re just assuming that betas largely retraced what we’ve seen in the last cycle. It means that we will get to the end state faster, but they’re going to largely retrace it’s correlated to rates and largely are chased what we’ve already seen. So with all that said, we would expect deposit probably run off maybe about 10% over the course of this year. And that’s from where we are in the average of the first quarter. We’ve already seen them come down a bit from the fourth quarter. And just as a reminder, our deposit base is largely institutional NIBs. Part of the growth you’ve seen has been in NIBs and so we expect that to kind of normalize to over time. And the other thing I would mention is that as we see deposit runoff, we also could see a migration to money market funds. And if that does indeed happen, then obviously, that could be a nice tailwind for us as well.
Emily Portney: Yes. We are – we’ve obviously shortened duration across the portfolio. We’ve swapped fixed floating. And considering just the uncertain environment, we’re also continuing to be cautious and nimble.
Emily Portney: Sure. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we still intend to return 100% of our earnings to our shareholders over time, and that’s, of course, across dividends and buybacks. We’ve been cautious, and I think it’s been appropriate to be somewhat defensive in this environment with the uncertainty and, of course, the reduction in AOCI. But given the assumptions in our forecast, we feel pretty confident that we would expect to return at least 75% of our earnings to our shareholders over this year. And the nice thing about SCB and the SCB framework is that we can be nimble, we can be flexible. And ultimately, depending upon the runoff we see we might be able to do more.
Emily Portney: So from a beta perspective, as I said before, we just expect betas to largely retrace what we’ve seen historically. It does mean you’ll get to the end state faster. In the first rate rise, it’s generally and what we’ve experienced is very much as we’ve been expecting in line with expectations, kind of betas of 35% to 40%. By the time we kind of get towards year-end and we have many more rate hikes, that will be probably closer to – betas would be closer to 70% plus, which is kind of where we ended in the last rate cycle. In terms of – what was your last – sorry, I missed the question.
Emily Portney: Yes. It was helpful this quarter. I don’t have it right off hand. But it was obviously – definitely helpful this quarter, but – and we just expect it with rates rising as we go forward, it will continue to be a bit helpful, but frankly, at a more modest level.
Emily Portney: It’s definitely not so much on – at all on the mandate side. We still – fundamentally, our businesses are in really good health. The growth is really just considering the more challenging environment that we are in. And specifically, when you look at market levels or client activity across some businesses have slowed down, you are seeing or we are expecting a bit more risk-off behavior. And so the particular businesses, which are probably most – which are going to be most impacted, we think, are investment management, corporate trust, depository receipts to a lot lesser extent, asset servicing. And so that’s what’s all baked into the 1%-plus guide. But the fundamentals are very good and we feel pretty good about that considering the challenging environment.
Emily Portney: So, what I would say is, look, we are very focused on driving positive operating leverage. And I just would remind you that overall, for – if you look at total revenues, we will be – our plan is to deliver positive operating leverage this year. And frankly, that’s with the impact of the Russian notable items. So, I think that’s pretty good. In terms of fee – when we think about just fee revenue versus expenses, what I would say is that when you look at our – the guide that we gave for the rest of the year, it does – our expense guide does include slightly more inflationary pressures as well as the investments, of course, that we have talked about extensively that we think are very compelling and some will pay off sooner and some will pay off a bit over the course of the next couple of years. And as we talked about, it’s way too early to kind of talk about like what it’s going to look like in, say, 24 months, 36 months out. But we have said that, ultimately, over time, we would expect expense growth, the rate of growth to moderate.
Emily Portney: Yes. We really decided a few more of a full year guide for the second quarter. But I mean to size what you are thinking about, I think specifically on waivers, we do see the Fed raise rates by 50 basis in May as I think we are all kind of expecting. Obviously, that will be a nice uptick in terms of recouping waivers and it’s to the tune of, call it, like $100 million or so is what I – is how I would estimate it.
Emily Portney: So, I will take a couple of parts to that, and Todd or Robin might want to chime in about the inorganic opportunities. But in terms of organic growth, I mean just remember, when we define organic growth, we are normalizing for market appreciation or depreciation, but it is fair that risk-on or risk-off behavior associated with that could also impact organic growth. And so what I would say is, it’s hard, we don’t really say like what’s the sensitivity. But yes, there certainly could be more upside if you see more risk on behavior and ultimately, that means more trading, more transaction volume, etcetera. So, that is upside. So, it’s certainly not out of the realm of possibility that it could be higher. In terms of – what was your second…
Emily Portney: Sure. Yes. We have disclosed this. I think you can find in the K. So basically, any like a 5% move in equity markets is kind of happening gradually throughout the year is about an additional $75 million in revenue.
Emily Portney: Sure. I mean on inorganic, what I would say and Todd and I have been very consistent on this, is that we are – of course, we always are evaluating inorganic opportunities. But at the same time, the bar is really, really high. And it’s not high just from a return perspective, it’s also very high from an execution risk perspective. So, we have been doing several deals, but they have been mostly kind of digestible bolt-on things that are adding capabilities or markets or clients. And we will continue to look out for those.
Emily Portney: So actually, we have been – we are very proactively growing the loan portfolio. So yes, as you mentioned, it’s up 3% on average and 18% year-on-year. We will continue – it’s our expectation to continue to grow that over the course of this year. And where we are seeing it is really on a couple of different areas. So, capital call facilities, certainly, trade finance, likewise, margin loans, CCLs and mortgages and well, so let pretty much across the board. And that’s – we want to be there and leverage our balance sheet for our clients when it make sense.
Emily Portney: I am not going to really comment on kind of how it’s going to be paced throughout the year. I think you can kind of look at all of our ratios and make your own assumptions. But – and the thing I would just remind everyone again is that the SCB framework is really allows us to be very nimble and very flexible.
Emily Portney: It’s – we don’t – we will obviously be updating that when we release the Q. What I would say is we are much more sensitive, of course, to short-term rates and long-term rates. That continues, of course, to be the case. And you will see more of that when we actually release the Q.
Emily Portney: So, in terms of Tier 1 leverage, we have always said that given the extraordinary circumstances we are in and all of the excess liquidity in the system that we would be – it makes perfect sense to dip into our buffer to a degree, which is what we have done. We would expect, of course as we start to see some probably deposit runoffs that will take a lot of pressure off Tier 1 leverage. And what I would also just flag is that by the end of the year, it’s not – it’s likely – actually not out of the normal possibility, but frankly, probably likely that our binding constraint will become CET1 versus Tier 1 leverage. And frankly, I think if you are toggling between Tier 1 and turn leverage in CET1, that actually is very good. It means you are managing your balance sheet optimally.
Emily Portney: There isn’t a limit per se, but we obviously do that very with our partners in risk, and we are always making sure that whatever we move there is high-quality liquid assets that generally speaking, you can repo it. Repo those assets, etcetera. So, I wouldn’t expect it to increase a lot more from here.
Robin Vince: Sure. Good morning, Brennan, and I appreciate the comment and the question. So you’re right. I’m not completely new to the firm, which is certainly an advantage for me in coming in and taking on the role. But I will say that I’m being very diligent, as Todd referred to earlier on in his comments about the transition. And so we’re working very closely together. And I don’t want to be complacent about the fact that there’s a great opportunity for a CEO-Elect to have the opportunity to come in and to really benefit from a transition. Having said all of that, when I joined the firm, I was really struck by the breadth of the franchise. I mean, 93% of the world’s top investment managers or clients of ours are as are 97% of the world’s top 100 banks. And that breadth, coupled with the depth of the franchise, that real client trust that we’ve talked about before is a super powerful foundation. And so job number one for me is to really build on that. And that’s been an investment that Todd has been very focused on during his time as CEO. Now what I also would reflect on is some of the things that I’ve been focused on in the Market and Wealth Services businesses. And the first of those is innovation. You’ve seen that we’ve launched Pershing X. We’ve been very focused on real-time payments in the treasury services space. And that concept of really driving innovation across the enterprise is another important pillar of how I think about the firm and the opportunity that’s ahead of us. Another thing that we’ve been doing in that segment, which I’m very excited about across the company is really deepening the wallet, connecting the dots across the firm, helping clients that are existing clients of the firm to do more with us. And that whole ethos of on BNY Mellon, I think is a real important and deep vein for us to continue to mine. And then the last point that I have mentioned is operating leverage and focus on margins. In that segment, we had a 41% margin in the first quarter and having run operational businesses in the past. I’m very focused on operating leverage, and that will continue to be a focus of mine along with these other pillars. So that’s how I’m thinking about the world. But I’d just remind you that I’m still in the transition and enjoying working with Todd, and we’re really focused on making this a smooth and effective handover.
Robin Vince: Sure, Mike. Well, I’m all about being a great all-around CEO. But to answer the sort of question a bit more directly in terms of my background, I feel like I’ve been prepared for this role over the course of my career. I started off in the markets business, and I ran the money markets business at my prior organization, which was a great opportunity to really get into the markets, capital markets, interest rates and really the client franchise. And of course, a lot of those same clients are clients of ours and so that was a great formative start for me. I ran operations at my prior firm. I was a treasurer. I was the Chief Risk Officer. I was the CEO of the International Bank. I operated internationally. And so when I put all of that together, I think it really gives me the opportunity having touched a lot of different aspects of our franchise and our activities to really bring all of that to bear in the role going forward. And I’m very excited about that. And as I joined the firm, I commented before, I’ve been struck by a few things, including the depth and breadth of the franchise, but also the culture of the firm. And I think that there’s a lot of opportunity for us, and I’m excited to have at it.
Robin Vince: So, I think there is a couple of questions there. So, Russia was – it was a material component of the total DR revenue. And the indication that we gave is there was a contra hit on kind of prepaid expenses there. So, that got reversed in the first quarter, and that was the most of the $88 million that we were talking about. And on a go-forward basis, we would expect probably something like $20 million – probably $15 million a quarter specifically from DRs. There are – I mean, China is an important market to us, too. So, we saw what we have seen, Alex, is a little bit of fewer transactions. Fewer new issuance in China a little bit down, and that’s reflected in those numbers. We don’t break out the entire DR revenue line. It’s a small – a modest percentage of the total Issuer Services. But it is impactful and it did, as you can see, it hit the bottom line in the first quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. We haven’t disclosed that publicly, but what I would say is we have grown with our clients, and we have continued to increase market share with our largest clients over the past couple of years especially in our servicing business – our Asset Servicing business. And I think some of the stats that we even did disclose this morning that Emily mentioned. We retained 90 – actually, I mentioned that. We retained 97% of all of the business that we re-bid on, which is an enormously high number. And we’ve got some capabilities, I mean, the investments that we’ve made in service quality. And some of that is in some of the technology that we’ve got around that, keeping us much closer to our clients, much better informed, much more responsive. The investments that we’ve made in our data management and data analytics, we have where I think we are the leader, not only in the servicing capabilities, but also the fact that we can – we’ve got the ability to bundle all of the back-office service is not just custody and accounting administration. But TA as well as a differentiator. So I think we are seeing increased market share. I haven’t disclosed it specifically against the major clients. But I think the fact that we are with just about every one of the major clients reflects that.
Todd Gibbons: I would just add to that, Emily. So, if you look at our investment and other income, it was about in line with the guidance that we had given. On the asset servicing, we do have some investments that we have said and some fintechs that we work very closely with strategically and they have performed pretty well. But as you might imagine, in this down cycle in the first quarter, we got hit pretty hard in our seed capital and some of our other things. So, net-net, they basically offset each other.
Todd Gibbons: Sure, Ryan. So, look, it’s an investment that we are excited about. As we step back from our Pershing business, where as you know, we are a real market leader in that business. We touch about 15% of RIA accounts in the U.S. We touch a little over 30% of all RIAs with $1 billion or more in AUM. One of the things that we have heard from our clients is that the world is getting increasingly complex for them as they think about how to really pull all of the capabilities that they need to run their businesses together. And as we have really listened to our customers on that point, we decided that there was a great opportunity for us to help solve some of those problems. And so collecting the various different capabilities focusing on the data and the smooth movement of data across those various capabilities we saw that as an opportunity to really deliver something new and incremental to our customer base. And we have tried to speed our way, along that we hired, as you know, Ainslie Simmonds to run that for us. She has recently completed the rounding out of her top leadership team. We tried to speed our way to market with the acquisition of a direct indexing capability in the fourth quarter, Optimal Asset Management. That was an example of a bolt-on capability that we think can just help us to accelerate. But as we have disclosed before, we are not expecting this to drop much to the bottom line over the course of the next couple of years. This is an investment in positioning Pershing and the aggregate wealth management platform services platform for the future. And so this is an investment in the medium to long-term, we think it’s important our customers very much want it, and we are excited for it.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, why don’t you go ahead and take it. Before you do Emily, I will just add. So Brian, just that 5% was – that was not an average at $75 million. That means if it goes up on average over the course of the year, at above $75 million…
Todd Gibbons: Gerard, it’s Todd. I will follow-up. I just want to add to – I mean, Emily made, I think all the right points around the capital ratios and the Tier 1 leverage. But remember, we are probably too precise when we give you a number of something like 550. If you remember, that’s a 150 basis point bunker to what the requirement is. And the reason it’s there is because we recognize that you could have a spike in the balance sheet and for us, it’s not a risk spike. It’s because deposits have increased, and we have certainly seen that through the quantitative easing over the past couple of years or you could have a sell-off and some impact in the OCI. That’s exactly why the buffer is there. So, eating into the buffer in this type of situation is exactly what we would expect. And it’s not really particularly constraining to us. as we still have that 130 basis points to Emily’s point and in our modeling, if things run the way we would expect them off of the forward curve those deposits are going to come down 10% or so, and that’s going to free up quite a bit of Tier 1 leverage. And basically – and we are estimating that we are going to get pretty close to common equity in Tier 1, which is a great place to be. And it also means common equity is a little easier to manage because that’s a risk-based asset ratio where we can manage. It’s not just what comes on to the balance sheet. So, I want to make that clear. Probably in the future, we should give you guidelines that are more ranges, and we can kind of calculate where we are in that range.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. Thanks everybody. Thank you for joining us today. Look forward to following up. I guess you can call Marius if you have any follow-up questions. Be well.
