Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As you saw from our release, for the third quarter, we reported earnings of $0.82 per share. Now this includes the benefit related to our recent favorable tax ruling, and after netting out this benefit, we had earnings of $0.60 per share. Now looking at how our business model performed, we believe we earned about $0.58 per share on a core operating basis. And Todd will take you through those numbers and how we get there. For the quarter, I see 3 key takeaways. First, we had strong year-over-year core fee revenue growth, reflecting our focus on driving organic growth, our ability to deliver enhanced solutions sets across our entire company and improved market conditions for most of our businesses. Second, we continue to exceed the goals of our operational excellence initiatives while making targeted investments to drive future growth. And finally, our businesses continue to be a strong generator of capital. And in fact, we generated more than $1 billion of capital this quarter. For the quarter, we had total revenues of $3.8 billion, which is up 3% over the third quarter of 2012. Investment Management business performance continues to be strong and resulted in the 16th consecutive quarter of net long-term inflows. Net long-term inflows were $32 billion in the quarter, for a total in excess of $100 billion over the last 12 months. We continue to have particular strength in the liability-driven investments, but we also enjoyed nice flows into more active asset classes which have a higher fee realization. Our success in attracting new assets helped drive our -- drive a 13% increase in assets under management year-over-year to a record $1.53 trillion. This organic growth, along with higher equity values, helped mitigate the pressure from higher money market fee waivers, and Todd will talk to that in a few moments. I would also note that Investment Management continues to invest in its franchise, including the wealth management sales force expansion, enhancements to the U.S. retail distribution platforms, and leveraging our Investment Services businesses, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region, to deliver solutions our clients need. In Investment Services, we had a nice year-over-year fee growth in most of our businesses. This growth was driven by new business, increased volumes and improved equity values. We're continuing to see increased interest and dialogue around our Pershing or advisory services technology platform, and that services advisors and wealth managers globally. We see that as a long-term trend that we're well positioned to capitalize on. We have both scale and a leading technology platform to deliver what the market is looking for. Global Collateral Services also contributed to the Investment Services growth, as changes in the regulatory marketplace have created new business opportunities, particularly in collateral segregation and optimization. Investment Services also benefited from better foreign exchange results. Certainly, increased market volumes and volatility contributed to this growth. However, the enhancements we've made to our electronic trading platforms also contributed to our improved performance. On the expense front, we remain ahead of our operational excellence initiative targets. Our team has been focused on reengineering our processes and creating a simplified, end-state operating platform. We have also leveraged our procurement function and reduced our real estate footprints to reduce costs. These savings have provided us with the flexibility to make targeted investments for future growth and help absorb the impact of regulatory costs, which are not insignificant. On the capital front, they said [ph] we generated over $1 billion of new Basel III Tier 1 common capital, and we achieved an excellent return on tangible common equity of 21%. The supplemental leverage ratio remains a focus for us and the market in general, and we're certainly supportive of strong leverage ratio standards and good liquidity management. However, we've been meeting with policymakers to provide an opportunity for them to understand how the proposed SLR affects the market, and we hope to see final rule which does not create a disincentive to hold strong liquidity positions. In sum, it was a quarter with solid fee growth, good progress in our operational excellence initiatives and a continuation of our strong capital generation. So with that, let me turn it over to Todd to go through the numbers.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, we're a little defensive around the AOCI issue, too, Betsy. And so until we got the portfolio better positioned so we had less volatility to our capital account, that made us a bit defensive, and then we had the good things at the end of the quarter play themselves out. And we're just in a much stronger position.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, Alex, we don't know what the stress test is yet. We -- our understanding is we'll get the instructions around November 1, what the actual environment would look like. But obviously, we've grown our capital, our ratios have improved, so we are well positioned to approach the stress test. But I think it's too early to say, and obviously, I wouldn't -- I can't -- there's no way I can talk about what our future actions would be, but we're certainly in as good a position as we were last year.
Gerald L. Hassell: Okay. Lots of questions in there, Alex. Maybe I can start and then turn it over to Tim. On a year-over-year basis, you can see that our assets under custody and administration are up about 4%, and our fees are also up about 4%. The third quarter was a bit of an anomaly, both in our AUM, and Curtis can talk to that, and AUC, because we saw a quarter where the dollar was stronger for most of the quarter and then weaker at quarter end. We saw fixed income prices down for most of the quarter, but then strengthening at quarter end, and, as you know, we're largely a fixed income shop. So I don't think -- I think you'll, from time to time, see these kind of anomalies on a quarter-to-quarter basis, so it's not necessarily reflective of the -- of what you might see in the fees. And -- well, Tim, why don't you do a little more -- do a deeper dive on the fees.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. Howard, it's Gerald. Obviously, we're taking this very seriously, and we have a variety of contingency plans in place with a variety of different scenarios because we're not quite sure what may come out of Washington. And that being said, I think we're as well prepared as anyone going into this. Client activity, not surprisingly, we've seen some various money market funds and various clients get more defensive and put more into cash, so our balance sheet's up about $10 billion since quarter end. We are prepared to handle that. We've talked to clients about utilizing our balance sheet, at least on a short-term basis, to accommodate their needs. And so we're sort of acting business as usual as it relates to clients -- client activity. As every day goes by, more people are getting more defensive and liquefying more. No real impact on tri-party, per se. The market has been deleveraging for quite a period of time, and you're seeing what's happening in our tri-party balances. They've come down a little bit, but generally, holding pretty steady. So that's about it.
Gerald L. Hassell: I would just add to it. It is our philosophy to run a very conservative investment portfolio. Our clients entrust their most precious assets with us as a custodian or as a trust organization or as an investment manager. We don't want to do anything that has the appearance that we don't have the capital strength and liquidity to be able to manage through any crisis or any cycle. And so our posture is to run a very conservative investment portfolio, short duration, high quality.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, Ken, it's Gerald. Obviously, we have a philosophy of continuous improvement in our operations and technology areas. We talked, in terms of the opening comments, that we are working very diligently and very focused on simplifying our operating platforms and models. We think there's more upside to be had from that. We're finishing out sort of what I call the lifted shift in terms of labor movements. We're pretty -- we're towards the end of that. But we do see a lot of upside still to be had in continuous improvement in the operating and technology areas. So you'll hear more about that as time goes on.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, let me put it this way, Gerard. I think we have so much opportunity internally to invest in our existing businesses that our operations and technology platforms is not a high priority. And we think we can get a much better return on investments in our own businesses and our own products and services, that we have so much on our plate right now and so much in motion right now that I think is a much better return to our shareholders, even considering what you're suggesting. So I don't want to comment on the regulatory part. It's really a matter of our choice to invest in ourselves.
Gerald L. Hassell: Thank you very much, everyone, for dialing in. We really appreciate it, and you can contact Andy Clark for further follow-ups.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. I think, in the fourth quarter, you're likely to see NIR, given those actions and the rate of the amortization premium -- premium of the -- amortization of the premium. I would expect it to be somewhere in the range of what we saw in the second quarter, Betsy.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. The -- it's a little over 2. And we target the duration of the AFS to be in the 2 range. So we're pretty close to where we want to be.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, it had gotten a bit higher when we saw the extension that came late in the second quarter, so we did sell out some securities. And then we just let some -- we didn't add aggressively to the portfolio in the third quarter, and that's why it's down, so we just let some securities burn off, a natural duration burn off.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, just to add to that, Alex. I think we feel very good about the strength of our capital and liquidity going into the stress test. We think the earnings are very solid. So we feel pretty good about our position. We'll wait to see what the parameters are at the stress test and then layer into it what capital actions we think are appropriate.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. It's about -- sequentially, it's about $70 million. And the -- and just to give you a heads-up into the fourth quarter, that fourth quarter tends to be our weakest, so it can be even larger than that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I mean, the way I look at it, that was probably a little more than 20% reduction in the amortization that we had seen in the previous quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. I mean, I think there's a number of things that we can do. We actually, on that big balance sheet right now, we've consolidated some asset management funds, which the accounting is likely to change, and we'd be able to deconsolidate that before these go into effect. The other thing, as you've pointed out as well, that a lot of those are central bank deposits and cash. And we would think, Glenn, just in the normal course, we are sitting on an awful lot of balance sheets -- awful lot of balances because of the very unusual interest rate scenario that we're in right now. And we would expect at least $50 billion or so of that to be reduced just in a more normalized interest rate world. And then we are -- even if we continue to pay out at the same levels that we pay out, we're also creating quite a bit of capital. And we can also manage the balance sheet more tightly in a number of places, including we make some loans out of the holding company. We don't need to do that. So there's tens and even twenties of billions of dollars of things that we can do outside of just the normalization. So we don't see any business model action that we need to take. We think that during the normal course, it will work through it. It's also -- and we don't know what the final rules are going to be, so there is some possibility they could change in our favor or not, and we will adjust to them as we need to.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, they are. I mean, I think it's a very important trend to understand and -- in the big debate about the great rotation, that this -- in the top of everybody's mind, I think it really is important to understand the accounting changes that have happened in the pension industry, and that will start to also take place for public funds after June of next year, where volatility in pension plans is less welcome. And so there are a lot of pension plans globally, both corporate and public, that are focused on being able to manage against their liability stream. And Insight is the world leader in being able to help those plans with that. The fees as well as the mandates -- because the liability is fixed income in nature, a lot of the fees are oriented more towards fixed income-type fees that are lower fees in general on an absolute basis, but as you pointed out, the size of the mandates are very large. So as rates go up, actually, it becomes easier for pension plans to address their managing against their liability and as they become more funded. So again, I would tell you that we're very excited about the business. One of our initiatives is to -- we've actually invested in helping Insight grow its business in the U.S. and in Asia. They have been primarily focused in the U.K. and also growing in Europe. And so really excited about what they're doing there. And I would also say, is their products extend. When you have the ability to evaluate liability streams and hedge them very effectively and manage portfolio through assets that are outperforming liability, those are a lot of the same skills that are broadly needed by a larger group of clients in the absolute return space, where we think a lot of clients are growing, everyone from wealth clients to other institutions that are just simply looking for less volatility, but still trying to get some return on their investment portfolio. So very excited about it and think they have a great future, as many of our other investment firms do as well.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we have very few, but we do have a little bit that mature within this year, probably in the $60 million range or so.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So we have -- Gerard, we have done a couple of small things and we have done something at asset management, where we closed on our German JV, where we had a partial ownership of it, and then we owned all of it. And we took Pershing international a little bit more, too, in some of the -- in our strategy. So we've done some fill-in things, but I don't think we believe we need to do anything major, certainly not in the asset servicing space.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Alex, it's Tim. There are 3 things I'd point to worth mentioning on this call. One is we saw a pretty significant drop from second quarter to third quarter in out of pockets. These are the things that would come from our subcustody network and CSDs largely to support growth in handling corporate action activity in our network. The second thing, which we expected to see a seasonal drop in overall activity, I would say, across the board, whether you look at middle-office outsourcing, transfer agency or accounting, we saw an across-the-board drop in activity, a bit more, frankly, than I would have expected to see. And then we also saw redemptions. I didn't quite expect to see the level of redemptions that we saw third quarter over second quarter. I think if you would put all those things aside, I would have expected to see us flat to maybe up just slightly. And on your pricing question, it's still way hot at the high end, which is why we keep repricing the low end of our book. But the story I would maybe draw your attention to is around expenses. Both Gerald and Todd talked about this. You see expenses down for the quarter 3%. If you adjusted for the seasonality of DRs, you would have seen that our coverage ratio, so fees to expenses, actually improved by 0.5 points, despite increased fee waivers and soft sec lending. And then year-on-year, you see the expense story is, well, we continue to be very, very disciplined, and our operational expense initiatives are paying off. So a bit of an anomaly on the quarter-to-quarter drop, but we're razor-focused on operational excellence initiatives, and they're showing up in these results.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, absolutely. I think what Todd talked about earlier around assets under custody and some of the dynamics actually played out for us as well. So AUM, quarter-over-quarter, up 7%. Almost 3% of that came from the movement in FX. So a weaker dollar means our non-U.S. revenues -- non-U.S. AUM, I should say, were boosted by weak dollar, really, right at the end of the quarter. So we didn't -- we charge management fees primarily on an average FX rate. And the 7% number is actually a spot AUM comparison. So we didn't get, in this quarter, the benefit of the weaker dollar and what it does to the AUM or nondollar assets. Just to remind you, about 46% of our revenues are non-U.S. So it's pretty meaningful to know what's happening on the FX front. And then the remaining portion of the story really is about the AUM growth that we had in short-term assets and, more importantly, the overall impact from fee waivers. So this is the second-worst quarter we've had in terms of fee waivers. Very low fed funds rates and short-term market rates significantly depressed the management fee revenues in our business there. And so, I think that is really the -- those 2 really tell the story. I would tell you that the -- sort of the organic activities are pretty promising. We have, as you've pointed out, we've had good AUM growth. Todd and Gerald mentioned that, that has come from some of the lower-fee LDI-oriented products over the past several quarters. But in the third quarter, we actually began to see some of the confidence that I think the market was feeling earlier in the third quarter show up in our growth. We had good growth in active equity. We actually have been positioning our platform around a number of alternative and absolute return products. They actually had great AUM growth in the quarter. Some of that came later in the quarter, and so the revenue impact is not felt in the quarter. You may get new revenues in the quarter, but not out of earnings as much as the revenue yet. And in fact, so we look very closely at forward revenue streams from our asset growth. But third quarter is seasonally a low quarter. Generally, clients put money to work in the first quarter and it remains reasonably strong in the second, the third quarter is lighter, and then the fourth quarter is not usually as strong as the first quarter, but picks back up. We actually, this year, have a very different seasonal. Our third quarter was quite strong in terms of what forward revenue from new mandates. Additionally, last thing I'll say is that our one not-funded pie client is also growing. The forward revenues from wins that have not yet funded for various reasons just haven't happened yet, or some of them are triggered based on market outcomes, has grown by over 20%. So I think the organic AUM story is more promising, both in an AUM basis and a revenue basis going forward. Performance across the platform, as you can imagine from our size, was over $1.5 trillion in assets under management. We have a number of strategies, quite large strategies that drive revenue. There are an array of investment performance outcomes. We continue to see pretty strong performance in some of the larger categories that I've just gone through. Our LDI team continues to have exceptional performance and has done a great job for those clients. That's why Insight, most specifically, has won a number of awards this year for the great work they've done. Our -- if I had to characterize our overall platform, we have a firm that I think is more built around equity and fixed income management that is more conservative in nature. So we don't have big momentum strategies, sharp increases in the market all at once. Again, this is a very blunt statement. But generally, we lag in those types of markets and then do better as valuation analysis and finding value in markets becomes more important. Again, we have a big index business that follows the market, and so it's important to understand the mix of assets that we have on our platform.
Timothy F. Keaney: Luke, Tim Keaney. Yes, we're watching the situation very carefully. This is a large hedge fund that's appointed us for their middle office. The reason why this is an interesting space for us, Luke, which we're watching very carefully, is the regulators are putting more and more pressure on clients that outsource activity to make sure that they lower the risk of their operations. That's happening in Europe first. It's also gaining traction here. And there are some companies that will look to provide or have shadow providers for contingency purposes. So that's what's happening. This is the first major hedge fund to do that. I think there's a lot of interest, and people are watching to see how this plays out between now and next May, June. I suspect we'll keep that on our radar screen. So it's unique. But I think it's a function of risk management and risk tolerances and the fact that the regulators are putting a lot of pressure on those that outsource activities to make sure that they've got good risk management plans.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Luke, we don't buy private label. Well, it's -- there's no production of it anymore. But we don't buy private-label MBS, and these are remnants from what we owned back in 2008. So if you look at the quality of our securities portfolio, it's primarily agencies, treasuries and other top-rated sovereigns. So it's extremely low risk. The legacy assets that we've chosen to continue to hold, we actually like their interest rate characteristics a lot because as rates have moved up, those things have performed very nicely, and they've held their value. So they were so depressed back in 2008 and '09. We elected -- we reviewed the portfolio very carefully. We sold about 30% of the portfolio, we retained the other securities and we're letting them burn off and act as a very nice interest rate hedge, and they've performed exactly as we hoped they would.
Timothy F. Keaney: And that spills over into our loan book as well. So it's a very clean, high-quality loan book. Our philosophy is not a lot different than what you just said, to be a buyer of securities, we don't think it's creating too [indiscernible]. And perhaps if we were an originator, we might think of it otherwise.
Timothy F. Keaney: Okay. Pardon me. Yes, Cynthia, we had 3 things happen. We've -- obviously, currency and the market helped a lot in the 5% linked. We did have some new business convert during the quarter, about $145 billion. It didn't all convert in the beginning of the quarter, but I -- one point I made to an earlier question was around redemptions. We did see an awful lot of redemptions in the market that basically ate away what we did convert during the quarter. But just more broadly, to your point, it is a competitive environment. Pipeline in asset servicing year-on-year has grown substantially. It's up about a 30%. We pay very close attention to our win rate. That's been pretty steady on the last 4 quarters, a little over 50%. So I don't know if that directly answers your questions, but that's what I'd -- the way I'd describe it.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, there's really only -- it's a pretty clean quarter. We had a little bit of unusual gains on the asset gains, and one of them was related to equity accounting. One of our minority interest sold a building, and the gain on that sales -- our percentage of that, our pro rata portion of that is in the P&L. That was about $0.02. The rest of it is pretty straightforward.
