Mike Santomassimo: Well, again, I mean that is what we're shooting for. Obviously, it depends on what the market is but that is absolutely true.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I mean, obviously Mike, between now and the second quarter of 2019, our remaining buybacks are already sort of defined based on what got approved in CCAR last year. So, that should be pretty easy to sort of think about for the first half of the year. And as we look to CCAR 2018 -- or 2019, sorry, a lot of the work that we put into getting the incremental $800 million -- $830 million approved, sort of flows right into sort of the modeling that we'll do as part of that process. That process kicks off sort of as we speak. And so over the next couple of weeks I think we'll all have a better sense of sort of the inputs that go into that.
Mike Santomassimo: I mean, look, the expenses as we -- I'll start the last piece first. So in Pershing, as we said, most of the expenses that we're incurring to onboard that business are being spent as we speak. And so, the profile of the Pershing expense base isn’t unexpected to change substantially in 2019. And as Charlie mentioned, that revenue will start to kick in, in the second half of ‘19, and more substantially in the first part of 2020. So, you'll sort of see come in that trajectory. As you sort of think about volatility for us and sort of --- if I sort of tick through each of the businesses, just to give you a sense of where we see it. So, in Pershing, we do see increased transaction volumes at times during periods of volatility. Having said that, much of the accounts that sort of that are underpinned are book of business, are managed accounts. So, we're not in a -- we're not necessarily supporting sort of retail, self directed retail brokerage type clients. And so, you won't necessarily see the peaks and valleys of transaction activity as sort of volatility spikes up and down, but you will see that sort of positively impacted. And as you look back over the last few months, transaction volumes were up a little but they weren't outsized in sort of any way in that business. And then in Asset Servicing is where you'll -- you may see some of it as well. And so that -- we give you disclosures around our foreign exchange revenue. So, obviously, if volatility picks up in foreign exchange, you'll see that come through the revenue line. And then the volumes that we see will be dependent upon underlying client activity. And then, in the core asset servicing business, think of that revenue as probably about a third of it is sort of transaction-driven revenue. And so that piece of it will move up and down based on what you see in the market. But, keep in mind that as I said in my remarks, about a third of our assets in our custody are equities. So, just because you see big spikes and valleys in sort of the equity markets and volatility there, doesn't necessarily mean that's going to translate into huge upticks in sort of transaction-related revenue.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. Look, Brennan, underneath -- we don't disclose the components of corporate trust, as you know. But, the CLO business has been an area of strength for us this year where we have picked up market share. And so, it has been a contributor to that underlying growth. And we've been talking consistently now for the last year or so where we've been making some investments in some of the underlying technology for to better support that business. And we're seeing the benefits of that come through, through some of the market share that we've been picking up this year. And so that has been a contributor.
Mike Santomassimo: Alex, maybe just to correct that. So, I think what Charlie was referring to was the quarter. So, if you look at the spend on a full-year basis for ‘18, then we spent probably just over $300 million.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. As Charlie mentioned, if you sort of unpick both corporate trust and DR, Alex, I think the corporate trust fee line is a pretty consistent sort of story, right, where you've seen that sort of tick up sort of gradually over the over the last number of quarters. And given the trend we're seeing on a full-year basis, we would still expect that to sort of tick up a little bit in 2019. I think the DR revenue I think is the place where you've seen a little bit more volatility sort of year-to-year. So, in ‘17 to ‘18 it was up a little. And given some of the things that Charlie talked about in terms of some timing of corporate actions that happened, the volatility that we saw that drives transactional volume in some of the different quarters. And so, as we said, as we sort of as we sort of look to 2019 we think that the 2018 numbers plus or minus sort of a little look like a good way to think about the full-year story for next year.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. And in my remarks, Rob, I mentioned that the severance charge is little over half of notable items -- expense notable items for the quarter.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. The three components of the notable items, Vivek, this is Mike, obviously are the severance, the real estate charges, and litigation. Correct.
Mike Santomassimo: All right. We're happy to talk later, Vivek if you want. Thanks everyone for -- I think that’s the last one. So thanks everyone for joining. We appreciate it.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I think, I don't think we want to give you a number for the full year, otherwise we would have. But I think the way you're thinking about it is right, which is the benefits that we will get on the severance actions that we’ve taken this quarter will really start second quarter and then in the second half of the year. And so, there will be more benefits in that period of time. So, overall, again, I think the words are the words that we intended to use. It's obviously early, but I think the point we want to make sure you understand is number one is we're highly, highly focused on driving efficiency inside the Company. We think that and I've described this before that when we -- when you take actions, the next set of actions become even clearer. And so, that is something that in our business we're going to continue to do. And we're going to do it at the same time that we are going to increase the spend where we need to expend it. So, all-in-all, we feel very good about our ability to really control expenses, while investing where we think we need for next year.
Charlie Scharf: No. Listen, certainly we hope not. I mean, it's something -- these things at some point have to become a -- just part of what we do is we right size the employee base. I mentioned on the last quarter call that we were taking a step back and really thinking about how the Company was organized. I talked about the spends and the layers and the managers that have very few direct reports. That was a very specific initiative that we looked at across the entire Company. I think, what we would hope is as we go forward, it becomes more ordinary course as managers manage based upon attrition and things like that. And hopefully these things do go away.
Charlie Scharf: This is Charlie. Thanks for the question. Why don’t I start and then Mike will comment along the way. I guess, as we said, we've talked about the fact that given the nature of what our business is, it does take time. Having said that, there are some businesses that are further along and we see a clear path towards increasing the rate of revenue growth; others is still evolving. Let me start with Pershing as an example. In the world in which Pershing operates, we've talked about the opportunity to expand our offerings and grow in the RIA category. Historically, we've been very, very strong in the broker- dealer category. So, that’s still a significant opportunity that we see. And just more generically, there are more banks and broker dealers that are looking at us for outsourcing. And I just -- when you just think about the increasing technology needs, the increasing complexity of what's required, other priorities they have, they're looking to us to figure out how to help them, both wind up as with the better product but also allow them to focus on what they can actually create value in. Today, we mentioned that in our remarks that Pershing revenue declined 2% year-over-year, even though it was flat year-to-year. Big portion of that is driven downward by these two clients that we have mentioned. Excluding that, we were up 4%. And I think the most important thing beyond that which we've mentioned is, we have a very significant pipeline of signed business within Pershing where we're actually spending the money today to onboard those clients. As I mentioned in my remarks, that will start to happen in the second quarter of ‘19 and into 2022. But, the pipeline as we see it, I asked the question and it's hard to get the exact answer because of the size of the pipeline. But, it's as big if not -- it is bigger than any pipeline we’ve had in at least five years and probably more than that. And the wins and the opportunities are in the U.S. and then there is Europe as well. In Europe specifically, we see continued opportunities as the Wealth Management market here develops. So, it's a lot on Pershing, but we feel really good about it because of what we actually see in the pipeline, even though we've got to wait a little bit to see it in the revenue line. But longer term, Pershing is a -- it's a hugely important platform for us to participate in the growth and the Wealth Management in the U.S. and in Europe. In addition to that, our own Wealth Management business, I've spoken about, this one is early on. Catherine Keating was just showing this in the third quarter. She's working on developing exactly what the plans are and she's starting to move towards implementation of what those are. It’s products, it’s banking infrastructure, it’s sales products, it’s incentives. And so, that's not something we would expect to see in the next couple of quarters. But just given what we know we've done there, as I said, we've been a consistent performer. But, we have more and should be able to grow faster than we're growing. Mike, maybe you want to talk a little bit about Treasury Services and Clearance and Collateral Management.
Charlie Scharf: This is Charlie. I want to add one quick thing, which is, all that's very -- that’s kind of what should drive some of the steps more mathematically, but to state the obvious, which is the reasons behind the volatility really matter to us. There's good volatility and there's less good volatility. What we've seen this quarter is that kind of volatility which drives assets away from the businesses that we benefit from. And so, the why will really matter to us as we look out over the next year.
Charlie Scharf: So, let me try and remember all three of them. I’ll do backwards. On the third one, it was across the entire Company. As I said before, we really looked at spans, layers and the series of things like that across the entire entity from the staff areas to investment services to our investment management businesses. And so, I think it's very consistent. In addition, ongoing efficiencies through our operations areas on top of that are things that we've seen, and then, just tactically, some spots in different places. But overall, I would say, it was pretty consistent. On the second question about expenses relative to the environment, I would characterize it as, we're thinking about what the right level for us to invest in. And so, I think with a cautious eye towards next year, that's where we plan for. To the extent that the environment gets even worse, we always have levers we could pull if we thought things were going to really get bad and actually stay there for a period of time, and maybe spend a little bit more, if all of a sudden the world changed very dramatically. But, I don't want to overstate either of those two cases up or down. I think where we're planning for is where we feel the right level of spend for us is within a reasonable range of outcomes for next year. And I'm sorry, the first…
Charlie Scharf: Sure. So, first of all, Mike's referenced and I, both referenced the work that's ongoing in Pershing to onboard these clients. A lot of the work to bring on these clients isn't just bringing -- I mean, it takes a long time, because you have to build a set of capabilities. And you build a set of capabilities that you can then scale and provide to others. So, there's a significant amount of technology work that has to go into bringing on those Pershing clients. And that's embedded in the overall spend numbers that we talked about. We've talked about in the corporate trust business how we continue to build out our technology platform for things other than just pure traditional products. That’s embedded in the spend. As we think about asset servicing, we're highly focused on automation; we're highly focused on figuring out how to continue to build our data infrastructure. So, I think those are just some examples.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. The only thing I just -- in my mind I'm just thinking, I think we -- one area that we haven't mentioned is our markets business. And as we think about where we would make the investments, we’ve talked about this in the past. We’ve talked about the progress that we've made. You’ve seen it in the numbers, you see -- we've talked about some of the new products that we've offered. And a lot of what's happening there is really based upon technology spend.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. My remarks were in total, Brennan. Thanks for the question and clarify that. And the reason why I think you sort of need to look through the -- look through into sort of what's happening with your client deposits. Obviously, wholesale funding is more index-based pricing for the most part. And so, you really want to try to understand what's happening with your clients in those conversations. So, that's why we’re trying to give you that color. I think as you sort of think about the wholesale funding, I don't see it moving in any substantial way from current levels.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. So, M&A closing activity no; volatility, a little bit, I guess I would say. And I think relative to the question of sustainability, I guess, the way to think about it is -- and we've talked about this, which is within issuer services that's corporate trust and DR. Corporate trust, we are seeing revenue growth, it's not huge but it is growing. And based on the actions that we've taken, hopefully that will continue. That is deal by deal. And we feel better about our calling efforts, we feel better about the capabilities that we continue to build. So, hopefully that growth will continue. Within DRs, you know this and we've said this is -- it's quarter-by-quarter can be very volatile, be very, very seasonable. And if you look at our yearly performance from I think it’s ‘17 to ‘18, while the quarters matter a lot, overall, when you look at the full year, relatively -- I don't remember exactly but relatively flat. When we look at 2017 to 2018, same thing is true, albeit within the fourth quarter we had strong performance. And part of that by the way is driven by in the fourth quarter of the prior year, we actually had a very weak DR quarter. So, that's a long way of saying that as we look forward, we would think that the full-year performance is sustainable, albeit it's going to be volatile quarter-to-quarter.
Charlie Scharf: We have eliminated, depending on where you are in the Company, call it 2 to 3, as part of this exercise. And the actions, as we said, a bunch of them have already happened in the month of January. And so, over the next couple of months is when we’ll actually see the impact get into our run rate.
