Emily Portney: Sure. Good morning, Glenn, and happy New Year. I'm actually really glad you kicked off with NIR because it's the first time in a long time we've got something positive to say. So NIR, as we mentioned, is expected to be up about 10% year-on-year. To give you color, just specific to the questions you asked, yes, we just use the forward curve and, as you know, at the moment, anticipate the three rate hikes, 3 25  basis point rate hikes, the first being in March. Although, of course, there's talk about the first one being a bit more and we can talk about the sensitivity there. Deposit betas obviously come back into play. The expectation in our outlook is that betas will largely retrace what we saw in the last cycle. They could be a little bit higher just given the change in our deposit mix. So for example, Treasury Services, the deposit base there is about twice as big as it was in 2015, and obviously, that business has higher betas. We expect our securities portfolio to be roughly flat. Most of the reduction on the asset side will be coming from cash held at central banks and lower-yielding HQLA. We do continue to be cautious on duration. In fact, over the last six weeks, we've brought duration in a bit, and we've actually moved some HQLA into HTM to preserve capital. Also, we are expecting some healthy loan growth and for premium amortization to reduce a bit. The one - just, Glenn, one thing I do want to just point out is that for the first quarter, just given that the first rate hike is not until March, also it's just worth mentioning we've already seen deposits come down a bit from the fourth quarter average where they were really at elevated levels due to kind of market dynamics. So you won't see much of that benefit sequentially in Q1.
Emily Portney: Sure. So a bunch there. So let me take the waiver outlook first. So remember, waivers are a function of both balances also and rates. And you're correct, we are just looking at the full - and our guidance is baked in the forward curve with three rate hikes. We have pointed out in the past that with the first 25 basis point hike, we would expect to recoup about 50% of the waivers. Having said that, we do also expect that balances to begin to decline a bit, especially by, call it, the third or fourth hike. So we do see -- expect some runoff in balances. So when you put it all together, we would expect money market fund waivers to be a little less than half of what they actually were in 2021. Having said that, it's very important to note that as waivers dissipate, we also do see a rise in distribution expense, and that's been captured in the expense outlook. To give you an idea just - sorry. To answer the second question, which was more about sensitivity, just I think something that would probably be helpful. If we size the impact of both waivers and, frankly, NIR, if we had, say, a 50 basis point hike in March versus a 25 basis point hike, that would be about $100 million more in recouping waivers than what's in our guidance. And it'd probably be about $50 million more in NIR. So a total - if the March hike was 50, not 25, it'd be about another $150 million more in terms of revenues versus what I've guided. And then I think you had one more part, but...
Emily Portney: Sure. So just to step back, total fees - total fee revenue up 7%, roughly 4% driven by the reduction of waivers, roughly 2% organic growth and then 1% from market-driven factors. Market appreciation is kind of a little over 2%, but it's offset by lower fund fees and some currency headwinds just based on the average for FX rates over the course of 2021.
Emily Portney: Sure. So ultimately, from a deposit perspective, we don't really expect much runoff in deposits from here until kind of, again, third or fourth rate hike or the Fed starts to actually tighten. So it's - ultimately, balances, as I mentioned, have already come down a bit from average fourth quarter levels. And in terms of betas, in particular, just speaking specifically about betas, which is what I think you're probably getting at, we do think they'll be largely in line with the past. Like I said before, maybe a little bit higher, Treasury Services deposit balances are higher. Also just always keep in mind that our deposit base is largely institutional. Also in the '15, '16 period, we were trying to come into compliance with SLR, so we were pushing some deposits off balance sheet. But all of that is baked into the NIR guide that we gave.
Emily Portney: Sure, sure. So I mean I'll just - taking a step back first, just the overall expenses, 5.5%. And just to be clear, about 30% or 170 basis points are really revenue-related. And think volume-related, compensation, as well as, as I mentioned, the distribution expenses that we will see an uptick in from money market funds as the waivers come back or as we get the dissipation, I should say, of waivers. About another 30% or 170 basis points again is merit, the normalization of business expenses and some also expenses just related to occupancy as we return to the office, and baked in there too is inflation, which is not insignificant. And then the remaining 40% or 200% is due to higher investment spend. But just to be clear, half of that is annualizing investments that we have made in the second half of this year. As you all know, we had an uptick of investments in the second half of this year. I would think of it as - we're not breaking it down too much. I would say that it's a bit higher in, ultimately, in Market and Wealth Services given some of the investments that we're making, especially in Pershing X, as Todd alluded to, but we are making investments across the firm. So I would say a bit higher there and - but the rest kind of in and around the average.
Emily Portney: Yes. We do - I mean just further to Todd's point, Securities Services, the margins there are depressed. They're in a little over 20 - 21% for the year. And we do expect, and I talked about this at the last conference I was at, we do expect that to grow in excess of 30 plus percent over the medium term. And as Todd alluded to, part of that is certainly profitable growth and, of course, efficiency. And the other part of that is obviously just more normalized rates.
Emily Portney: Sure. So I think you're getting at operating leverage, and we're always incredibly focused, obviously, on operating leverage and delivering positive operating leverage. And next year, we are expecting, just based on my guidance, to grow revenues more than we're growing expenses, so that's good. And when we think about the future and just the expense spend, we do see that ultimately moderating in 2023 and 2024. So you'll see that coming down a bit in 2023 and 2024. And of course, we have - we'll continue to see an uptick in rates, and higher NIR will recoup probably the remainder of our waivers. That, plus, the additional organic growth that we also will be delivering, we feel pretty confident that we'll be delivering even higher operating leverage in 2023, 2024. But we are delivering positive operating leverage in 2022.
Emily Portney: Sure. Yeah, just more flexibility. We were also just opportunistic in terms of rates. And ultimately, too, you have to prepare for, if rates rise, there obviously will be a corresponding impact on OCI, so all of those factors.
Emily Portney: Sure, Mike. I'll take - yeah, I'll take a stab at that. I think what you're asking very specifically is what portion of the uptick from rates, both in NIR and recouping waivers, are we kind of reinvesting. I mean I think that's what you're getting at. And I mean, just to be clear, and you can do the math, I gave you the math, that the higher rate environment, both from an NIR perspective and from a waiver perspective, is a bit over, call it, $700 million in revenues for the year with this forward curve, et cetera. The way I think about the expenses and what we're kind of reinvesting of that and based upon the expense guide I gave, you can also do the math that, call it, $100 million to $150 million of the expense growth is related to incremental investments net of efficiencies. So call it 20% or so of that is being reinvested.
Emily Portney: I mean, ultimately, there is many factors that go into our NIR guidance. So it's a mix of - I suppose probably the main reason is deposits coming off a bit. That would probably be the largest reason.
Emily Portney: I can take it. Yes, ultimately, to be clear, we did see -- just a reminder, we did see balances already come down from fourth quarter averages. We don't really attribute that to kind of run off obviously from rates -- from rate rises. It's more about just elevated levels and market dynamics in the fourth quarter. And then from here, the way I kind of think about it is we probably won't see much more runoff until the second half. But like I said, it's really after the Fed really hikes a few times. And I'd say kind of single-digit reduction in this year, yes.
Emily Portney: Well, I guess - so thinking about just the payout, and we can talk about AOCI, I'm not sure I recognize the number that you're talking about, the $2 billion. But in any event, the - our - we were fortunate, obviously, this year, or 2021, I should say, to be able to pay out 160%, obviously helped by the fact that we had excess capital, limited by a lot of what we could do in 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. The guidance that we're going to pay out around 100% of earnings is baked into that our AOCI assumptions, et cetera. So it's all there. Basically, our capacity and the pace of the buyback is you're going to depend certainly on future earnings, the economic outlook, the size of the deposit base in any given quarter and what we're expecting and, you're right, the trajectory of OCI. But all of that is baked into the guidance. And the thing that's, frankly, that's nice is that for these days, in terms of capital management, we're now under the SCB framework so we certainly can be much more dynamic and flexible.
Emily Portney: Sure. So I can take that, and Todd, you can add. So Tier 1 leverage this quarter, as you guys can see, the fourth quarter was 5.5%. If you really do the math, which you all have the - all of the factors to be able to do it yourself, it was 5.46%. So we did dip into the buffer just a bit. We always talked about the fact that, that would be entirely appropriate given the excess liquidity in the system and the growth in our deposits. So going forward, we're going to be managing to 5.5%. And we're optimizing around a lot of different things, including OCI. So baked into our guidance is the - certainly, our expectation that we'll be above 5.5%.
Emily Portney: Okay. So a couple of different things there. So look, the talking about reinvestment yields, we don't really disclose front book versus back book. What I would say is that - and this probably answers a bit of Mike's question earlier, which I hadn't thought about, but reinvestment yields will still continue to be a bit of a headwind over the course of 2022. So the yield that we're investing in now is still lower than ultimately the yield of maturity - securities that are maturing. I think we would expect that to probably be a lot better matched or equally matched almost by the fourth quarter. It's really in the fourth quarter. So that will still be a headwind. And look, we're thinking about and certainly paying attention to OCI. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we did even move some HQLA to HTM exactly for that reason, to preserve capital.
Emily Portney: Sure. So I'll take that, and Todd, if you want to add. So you're thinking about the expense, the distribution expected largely in the right way. And look, your question about operating leverage is that our level of investment is not planned by nor dictated by operating leverage. It's based upon the investments that we see and the future growth of the company. In terms of what you call fee operating leverage, yes, you're right, in 2022, it will be negative. But we're not going to be apologetic about investing in the future of the company, and we've continued to do that over the course of the cycle.
Emily Portney: Yeah. I'm not going to break it out by line of business. But in the last cycle, I think the first 25 - with the first 25 basis point hike, it was about - betas were about 25%. And in this, we're kind of expecting closer to like, I guess, 35 to 40-ish percent, and that's overall on average across all of our businesses.
Emily Portney: Sure. So when we think about NID, if you will, what we call non-interest-bearing deposits, we probably think we still have anywhere - well, actually, sorry, when you think about it, and it's actually disclosed, so actually I can talk about real numbers, I think net interest deposits are close to $90 o -so billion. What you'll see as deposits, as rate hike, what generally will happen is that they will - some will roll off, for sure, but others will actually just kind of migrate into interest-bearing deposits, so all of that is baked into our guidance.
Emily Portney: Sure. I mean we're obviously very involved with the conversation with regulators. And you're correct that the inclusion of operating risk will be a bit of a headwind in terms of capital, but there are other factors that are coming off. So net-net, we think it's going to be relatively - will be relatively neutral.
Todd Gibbons: So Emily, maybe I'll take that one. So a lot in that one, but couple of things. When I look at collateral management, that's one where we have been investing for quite a while. And we invest in what we call the Future of Collateral, which was really making collateral interoperable around the world, which we thought would lead to growth in our - especially in our international assets, which is exactly what it has done. Also benefiting from some of those capabilities is the unclear - the responsibility now for derivative players to have collateral against their uncleared margins. We have - now we're now going through phase 6 of that. So we are picking up significant assets as a result of that. And we've also added certain innovations to our capabilities. For example, the ability to have ESG criteria established in a repo and what you'll accept on repo. So that's something that's shown some pretty interesting growth. So that's something where we have been gaining and have shown up in the numbers and we continue to expect to continue to gain. I mean, one of the other interesting things that we've brought up is what we're doing in our treasury services and payments business. And I think we've reinvigorated that business with some meaningful investment. We were the first, as you know, to do an RTP, real time payments, through the New York Clearing House. That was done essentially to test it, but now we are actually putting practical product in place. So we announced late last year a request for payment service that we're providing to utilities. That operation, we have multiple players on that platform. And we see opportunity, whether it's brokerage firms, insurance companies, corporates or white labeling it for midsized banks there. So I think some of the innovation that we're seeing in the Treasury Services, we have not seen that drop to the bottom line yet. We've picked up, we've captured a little bit of market share and a little bit of a better price itself coming into this. We've talked a fair amount about Pershing X, which is a significant multiyear investment that we are making in our Pershing platform, specifically on the advisers, to simplify and make the advisory function much more productive for our clients. We made an acquisition of a direct indexing firm in the quarter. We decided to buy rather than build for speed to the market. And that group is going to be able to tailor portfolios and provide tax optimization down to the individual level. That hasn't started yet. So that will start probably by the end of this year, and we'll be continuing to invest. So we see that not as a 2022 event, but a 2023 and 2024. Nice growth in our Wealth Management business. And here, we've invested in some of the technology. And we've won some recognition for the quality of some of the advice path and kind of the wealth management tools that we put in place for our clients there. On the Asset Servicing side, we've talked about the digital assets unit that we put in place. It is garnering assets quite rapidly as we've gotten most of the pending ETF crypto assets that are coming in the US and just in a very high percentage offshore, especially in Canada. We've also got the - we developed an ESG app where we're starting to see some revenues flow on that. And we're investing just in the basics of custody because we think we can capture more of the developing markets custody. So it's kind of a mix. Still some on to come, but some of it embedded in our run rate today.
Todd Gibbons: I'll take it. Yes, thanks, Betsy. This is Todd. I'll take this one. We - right now, it depends on when they actually start to actually shrink the balance sheet. The guidance that we've heard is that's probably not an event until the second half. And so that's the estimates that we have put in to both our - the betas and the size of the balances, whether it be money market balances because it will certainly impact them or it is deposit balances. But assuming that they don't start really letting stuff run off until the second half of the year, we don't see an enormous drawdown in the combination of money market balances because the Fed's balance sheet just isn't going to contract that much in 2022. We might see that a little more rapidly in 2023, unless they were to do something even more aggressive like selling. So we took the basic assumptions - market assumptions that we've seen and kind of that's implied in all of the guidance that Emily just gave you, which is a little bit of runoff of balance sheet - of the Fed balance sheet in the second half, which starts to impact both deposits and money market balances as well.
Todd Gibbons: I don't think they'll actively - our estimate is that they won't actively sell, but they will actively let maturities run off. That's...
Todd Gibbons: Yes. But I do think, Betsy, we will see the operating margins in our Securities Servicing business. Those are depressed right now, and I do think you'll see those expand, both combination of greater efficiency and revenue mix.
Todd Gibbons: And let me add something to that. We're doing something that's a bit unusual for us. For example, with Pershing X, we're making a very significant investment here that's probably got a 2 year payback. We've also been continuously investing in resiliency, and I think we're getting - we're starting to get in front of that. And the inflationary pressures, hopefully, this is just a onetime kind of step-up. But those will have to - the market will have to play itself out. So we do think that we're spending a little faster than we would in a more normal environment. And we do expect that we will get more leverage out of our business model as we just continue to make it more scalable.
Todd Gibbons: Mike, we do anticipate contraction of the balance sheet. So it's going to come from more shorter term cash that's paying a little bit lower yields. So - and I think your follow-up question is, are we being conservative? We're trying to reflect what exactly the market is indicating through forward curves. We're not trying -- we're not -- the guidance that we've given you isn't speculation. It's our -- it's only speculation in the sense it's the best estimate for betas and for what's going to happen to the yield curve using the forward yield curve as the guidance for it.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. So we had run for a couple of years there, Gerard, we were literally running negative organic growth. And so maybe 4 years ago, I would be - I would say some of the service levels weren't up to par, and we turned that around. So we made a very significant investment in the quality of the service that we're delivering. We did make some - we did provide some innovation whether it's around our whole bundle, what we can deliver, some of the connectivity that we made to some of the OMS providers, our data and analytics capability and, most importantly, the quality of our service in the asset servicing space, and that became noticeable. And both the combination of investing in technology and the quality of service that we delivered, we started picking up some market share. And so I would say that was the primary driver, and it's been a mantra here. And in fact, when Emily was back on the Asset Servicing side, she did a great job of putting together real analytics to support and understand exactly what was going on with our clients and adjust accordingly. So I think it's a combination of the two. Clients are going to be with you. They expect that you're going to be investing for the long term, that you've committed to it, and we've demonstrated that. And number two, you got to provide - you've got to do the basics, the meat and potato stuff for them as well.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. So I think your estimate of excess deposits is probably pretty close to what we're currently thinking. But you got to remember, underneath it, there is some organic growth as well. So if you take the 10% to 15% and then you're growing 2% to 4% organically, and then you don't look to see the Fed really contracting their balance sheet very aggressively until later in this year, we don't see a huge impact on this year. It's really going to depend around the betas. So you might see money bouncing around based on what we and others are willing to actually pay for it. So that's what's factored into it. But ultimately, I think those excess deposits will come down with mitigated somewhat by just normal growth.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, I'll go ahead. We've been pretty consistent in targeting dividends around 30%, Alex. So I think probably you will see the adjustment come in the form of a buyback, if there is one.
Todd Gibbons: Well, we've seen - I'll add a little color there. What we've seen historically through these cycles is we're operating somewhere around 30% of our total balance is non-interest-bearing. We've - and it's a little bit tricky to pick up because of the US versus non-US. But that is definitely very high because of the level of interest rates. We'd expect that to drop into the low 20s, something like that.
Todd Gibbons: Nothing to add. Thank you very much for your interest in the firm, and you can follow up with Marius and the team afterwards if there are any further questions. Thank you very much. And have a good day.
