Thomas Gibbons: Thank you, Magda. Good morning, everyone. Let me start with a brief summary of the fourth quarter financial results, which Emily will then review in more detail, and then I’ll come back with some thoughts on our franchise and our outlook for 2021. Starting on Slide 2, in terms of the fourth quarter, we reported revenue of $3.8 billion and earnings per share of $0.79 or $0.96 after excluding notable items, which Emily will cover in a few minutes. Turning to the full year 2020 financial results on Slide 3, and I’m referring to them on an adjusted basis. Earnings per share of $4.01 were flat to the prior year on revenues of $15.9 billion. Fee revenue increased over 5%, excluding notable items and almost $370 million impact of fee waivers in 2020. Expenses were flat as our cost discipline and productivity gains essentially offset incremental investment, and the operating margin was solid at 30%. Now, we have a lower risk fee-based business model that positioned us well for this environment. We had no net charge-offs. We also delivered strong results from the two rounds of Federal Reserve stress tests announced in June and December. Our model is highly capital-generative, and our Common Equity Tier-1 ratio increased to 13.1% from 11.5%. When I shared my 2020 priorities with you a year ago, of course, no one expected that the world would change so rapidly and dramatically. Throughout the pandemic, we have supported employees, clients and our communities and we are proud to provide the infrastructure for several critical government programs for COVID relief, including the term asset-backed securities loan facility, the municipal liquidity facility, the primary dealer credit facility and the payment protection program. Now, while navigating the extraordinary environment, we continue to advance our long-term growth in net agenda across all of our businesses. 
Thomas Gibbons: And that is assuming – who knows where the dollar is going to be, but we just, we’ve used spot dollar at year end. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I think, I can start and I am sure Emily will join in on this. I would expect that the Fed is going to continue to buy securities which kind of adds to the deposit base and there is still some question exactly how the very large balances that sit at the U.S. treasury at the Fed was going to align those down. So the two of them could increase the overall reserves and deposits in the system. That being said, we can manage some of that and now that we are back – and we did that a number of years ago. So, we targeted some of the less valuable balances and once we are able to use our capital, that’s not how we are going to use it, because it’s not lumpy – it won’t be particularly efficient. So, we’ve demonstrated that we can do that and of course, any valuable deposits we will take on. But if they are just short-term with very little benefit to them, we’ll discourage that. 
Thomas Gibbons: Hey, Brian, I just add it to make sure it perfectly clear. I mean, when you think about the steepness of the yield curve, we’ve seen that. But we’ve also seen short-term rates come on in a little bit and that’s meaningful. So, if we do continue to see it and we continue to – and that starts to slowdown prepayments fees or even more it’s – than we would expect prepayments fees. So that, but all we do is we use the current markets expected future rates really the forward curve. So that’s what you saw. It’s actually in that estimate. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I mean, a little bit of both. So, part of the – with very strong sales in the fourth quarter, but most of those won’t be implemented right, until the end of – towards the end of the year. So we can have de minimis impact on the revenues for this year. But they’ll go into next year. Some of those are because of the – of what we’ve done around the Data Analytics, the Data Vault and with Janus Henderson, they are the early adopters. So, that will take some time to implement. And then, we think we are gaining some additional traction. When we look at some of the applications, we’ve had many, many, many demonstrations and many users on a trial basis, for example on our ESG. So that’s starting to build some momentum. The Collateral Management program that we are investing and we don’t expect – we expect to start seeing some of the benefits of that toward the end of the year. So, there is a little benefit in the organic growth rate this year. And we would expect that to accelerate a bit next year. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. We – one of the big transactions that we are closing with entirely in virtual, that was with a very large – and a lot of these have been entirely virtual. And we’ve built a very good relationship with that particular organizations, large European asset manager, in fact and we are right before the pandemic, right at the time, I was going to travel to see them and unfortunately wasn’t able to do it. So, there have been from soup to nuts, things slowed down for a while. But it’s getting a little more normalized on the institutional front. I’d say, on the wealth front, within the digital, that’s a little bit more challenging, Mike. But on the institutional front, it’s certainly not on a deal. But we’ve had many instances of where we’ve been able to handle that. In terms of your question around Pershing, I mean, we are only a couple of weeks into the New Year and volumes generally have stayed pretty strong relative to the fourth quarter. I just think it’s a little bit too early to call. Our estimate is certainly – we’ve normalized a bit. Maybe they won’t, maybe we’ll stay up here. But that’s our best guess at this point.  You had a third question in there and I don’t recall what it was, Mike. But I’ll try to take it. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I think that’s right. I mean, you are seeing more retail activity than you’ve historically seen. 
Thomas Gibbons: And part of our pricing schedules too are graduated. So the value of the assets increase, the pricing does reflect that volume. So, - but this is specific to repricing for existing clients and they benefit from some of the operating efficiencies and the growth in their own business. And typically, it’s fairly – it’s been fairly stable for a number of years. The down draft on that and it’s just a little lumpy this year. We see it going back to normal. But that lumpiness will have a little bit of an impact on 2021. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. And so, we are growing faster in the registered advisory firms and then the broker/dealer side of business. But the broker/dealer size of business is a still meaningful and it’s a large component of it. And so, as we look into next year, some of the consolidations, the self-clearing decisions at last had very strong growth that we’ve seen. So, that’s going to be a little bit of a drag for Pershing for this year. It’s basically offsetting that the pipeline continues to be very strong especially in the advisory space. 
Thomas Gibbons: Okay. Sure. So, I mean, we’ve integrated now with six platforms, partnerships with Bloomberg, Aladdin and so forth and through that, we are offering custodian size information around liquidity and it’s kind of a unique capability that we are able to do transactions holdings and so forth. And I think what it does is very much enriches the experience of doing business with us. So I think it’s helped us to retain relationships. I think it’s helped us to grow a couple of relationships that I just indicated. So we are starting to get some traction with it.  Moving on to the data business, which we’ve been in for some time. But now we’ve cloud enabled it and made it much richer capability. We’ve had a number of large data clients that have operating it – we are now starting to convert some of them. So, I think it’s not just what they can do with us, but for the first time now, we are starting to see some meaningful wins that I would attribute, maybe not entirely to it, but certainly that was a helpful driver. 
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. As we look back historically, more often, we are winners to it. But there are – there can be different locks. And so, the acquirer had a – I think it was self-clearing or had some other approach - and so, or some other provider. So, typically, we’ve found that we’ve won more recently. We had a couple losses. 
Thomas Gibbons: Brian, the other thing that I would add to that, Brian, is that we have excess deposits right now. And so, since we are not able to do anything with our capital, we did – we are not really pushing them away or managing on this as carefully as we could. Once we get back into a normal capital management cycle, deposits that aren’t worth anything we are not going to keep them here. 
Thomas Gibbons: But Brian, if money market mutual funds increase as the balances increase, we will certainly waive more fees. But net-net, we have more fees. And so, it’s just that we wouldn’t get the 100% of the component that we get. So they’ve basically been relatively stable. So when we do these comparisons, the lines have been relatively flat. So that has increased any noise. So if money is moved into money market funds, there probably will be even much less fees than they typically would have been, but there are probably still some dips on fees. 
Thomas Gibbons: No. Thanks for your interest and obviously if you can – you can call IR to follow-up on any clarifications. Have a good day. 
Emily Portney: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I will walk you through the details of our results for the quarter and briefly review the full year as well. All comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless I specify otherwise. Beginning on Page 4 of the financial highlights document, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we reported revenue of $3.8 billion and EPS of $0.79. Both the current and prior year quarters included a number of notable items. The fourth quarter 2020 results included an unfavorable $0.18 per share impact from charges related to litigation, severance expenses, losses on two non-core business sales and lease exits and real estate sales.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, just – I guess, just to, I will break that each and every piece, but ultimately if you look at our full year 2020, if you actually take into account and try to spell as, as best as possible the impact of waivers likewise, we are expecting an increase in our market appreciation, as well as we are going to have some favorability in terms of the weakening dollar, if you put all of that together, year-on-year revenues will be essentially flat and up 3% ex fee waivers.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, ultimately, we are projecting deposit to be relatively flat from here or potentially to decline a bit. Now in turn, as we could see excess liquidity in the system, but of course, we are monitoring our capital ratios and we have to optimize the returns to shareholders so we will be actively very proactively managing the size of the balance sheet. So that’s what we – that’s ultimately, roughly track from here, or slightly lower. 
Emily Portney: Sure. So, when we think about organic growth, we define it as pretty much growth excluding market appreciation or depreciation excluding currency impact and excluding waivers. So, I mean, that’s generally how we think about it. I think Todd had mentioned that we – in – over the course of 2020, it was around between 1% and 2%. We are expecting it to remain pretty much stable at that – at those levels. So that’s embedded into the fee forecast that I’ve just given.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, we had – in Asset Servicing in the fourth quarter, we had higher – we were helped by higher market levels, higher FX and other trading and higher liquidity balances. But that was offset by waivers. Sec lending was down a bit. And yes, you are correct. There was a bit of some lumpy repricing in the quarter. Ultimately, we don’t control actually the timing obviously of repricing we happen to have had two or three large relationships repriced on the back of renewal. So we ultimately retained the business, but that was a modest headwind as well. 
Emily Portney: Sure. Sure. So, as you all know, repricing is very lumpy. You will see the full impact of those repricings throughout the year. But it’s not like we’ve seen anything structural or underlying – an underlying change in the trend of repricing. It’s always been a modest headwind that we’ve offset with greater efficiency and net new business. 
Emily Portney: Sure. Hi, Brian. So, you got that spot on. Our guidance is, take the fourth quarter runrate. This came about, call it about 3% and that’s a good proxy not only for the first quarter but when you think through the average runrate for the rest – for the year, based on what we know now, we don’t try to get queued. We just use the forward curve and despite a steepening of the curve, we are still very sensitive to short end rates which have actually come down. Also, when you think about where we play the duration of our investments, that part of the curve is actually not up as much as the longer end. And I guess, the last thing I would just point out about prepayments fees that you’ve mentioned is that, despite a steepening of the curve, we really haven’t seen mortgage rates increase that much. So we are not expecting those at the moment anyway to really decline much. So, that’s really all of this of course is subject to change based on the rate environment. But that’s how we are projecting. 
Emily Portney: Sure, I’ll start and we’d see that. So, I mean, repricing pressure is just the norm in our businesses. So, it’s always a headwind, but a very modest headwind. And we routinely and always offset that more than offset that with greater efficiency and net new business. So, look, there has been some lumpy repricing, but we don’t see any underlying structural change or trend. So, from that perspective it’s not hugely material. 
Emily Portney: Just, Todd, just going back about, it’s still on the causes – just I didn’t have it on my fingertips. MBS prepayment fees or MBS prepayments were about a headwind of $173 million in the quarter. And yes, you are correct, we just are expecting despite a steepening yield curve at the moment for that to remain stable. 
Emily Portney: Sure. And so, Tier-1 leverage is 6.3%. I think we’ve been pretty clear that we are comfortable running more the rate between 5.5% to 6%. So that does imply that we have significant excess capital. And you can assume that we are going to look to return that to shareholders over the course of the year. We are committed to do so. 
Emily Portney: Sure. I can take that. So, I mean, the fee waiver guidance and the increase in that is really tied to what we are seeing in the short end and tepo rates and repo rates have actually come down since we originally projected and that’s really what the 175 now that I mentioned. You are correct. There is a lot of excess reserves if that all ends up in money markets, that could ultimately put more pressure. So, that is a potential risk. The one thing also just what were on waivers that I would just would highlight is that, Pershing did hit its full runrate in terms of waivers in the fourth quarter. So, you will start to see those waivers increasing in other lines of business. So, Asset Servicing, Issuer Services, high end Treasury Services, for example. 
Ken Usdin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Emily, just a follow-up on the organic growth outlook. Just wondering if you could help us put in context like just what that measures, right? Is it’s not necessarily a stock measure, just a revenue growth. So like you say, it’s taking the core building blocks of the segments and just kind of measuring the unit growth and how do you put that 1.5 into context with the overall fee guide, right? Can you – I don’t know if you can maybe just walk us through that. Thanks. 
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. And that’s helpful. And then, just a specific question on Asset Servicing fees that on the income statement side, seeing that there was a little bit of a – there was an increase in fee waivers in that 11.38 number, but even if you exclude that, Asset Servicing was down. The press release mentioned something about some repricing. I am just wondering if you can walk through just what happened pushes and pulls there? Why the core was down sequentially? Whether it be organic growth repricing activity, et cetera? Thank you. 
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then, I guess, just as a quick follow-up to that, is that probably rebates? Does it kind of build off of here? Or how do you think about those repricing versus renewals as you think forward? Thanks. 
