Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our release for the fourth quarter, we generated net income of $622 million and earnings per share of $0.53. Just as a reminder, we recorded $0.42 per share in the fourth quarter of last year, which included restructuring charges related to our operational excellence initiatives of $0.06 per share. Now I'm pleased to report strong growth in a number of our businesses. Investment Management had another excellent quarter, benefiting from the 13th consecutive quarter of long-term inflows and higher market values. We've had $56 billion in net long term flows over the last 12 months, which included $14 billion during the quarter. Our success in attracting new assets helped drive assets under management to a record level of $1.4 trillion. In Investment Services, Asset Servicing, Clearing and Treasury Services all saw nice growth in fee income as well. Now that being said, the market environment continues to be challenging to some of our revenue streams as volumes, volatility, interest rates and tepid capital markets all continue to trend below normalized levels. These factors resulted in a decline in revenues in our lower variable cost businesses such as Depositary Receipts, foreign exchange and net interest income. And we were able to offset the decline in these revenues with growth in investment management and other investment services businesses, but the growth occurred in those areas that have higher variable costs. So the shift in the revenue mix was the principal cause of the growth in expenses year-over-year and sequentially above the level that you might have expected. In addition, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the West LB Asset Management joint venture, which we renamed Meriten, that brought with it a higher expense base. And finally, we had some seasonally higher expenses in the fourth quarter and we are investing in our brand, businesses and strategic initiatives to help our clients succeed in a very difficult market. Now we have a relentless focus on creating organic growth, continuing to drive some of the opportunities we've outlined for you in the past. Some examples: accelerating our asset management growth strategies, particularly in Asia and the retail space; capturing opportunities through our global collateral services business; leveraging our Pershing platform and distribution capability and building out global markets to capture more order flow. And we recently received approval to launch our new Issuer Central Securities Depository based in Belgium, which will enhance our offering for investment services and collateral management for clients in Europe. All these initiatives will help drive our long term growth, but do in fact require investments today that are showing up in our expense base. So we are not standing still waiting for the markets to improve, and we are in fact taking actions to strengthen our revenue streams. In that regard, we announced several executive appointments to accelerate our progress. Karen Peetz was named President of the company, and she will focus on one of the 3 key pillars of our firm: our clients and employees. So client management, the regions, innovation, collaboration, employee training and development and some of our key growth initiatives will come under Karen. The second pillar is investment services, and Tim Keaney is now CEO of all our investment services businesses, and this brings together all of our capabilities under one manager, which will improve collaboration and enhance our ability to offer integrated solutions. Brian Shea is now President of Investment Services and very importantly, Head of Operations and Technology for the company. These businesses are technology and operations intensive, and we want those attributes closer to the client and part of the fabric of any business decision. I also firmly believe that we have the opportunity to simplify our operating model and get better operational efficiencies across our businesses beyond the operational excellence initiatives we are currently tracking. That is one of Brian's challenges and I know he's up for it. And finally, the third pillar of our firm is investment management, which Curtis Arledge continues to run. We have built some very nice revenue momentum here, and the team is executing on our important growth opportunities. So we have a broad deep leadership team. We're sharpening our client focus, better collaborating across our businesses and driving further productivity gains in our operating platform, all while maintaining a strong capital position and returning capital to shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Todd to go through the numbers.
Gerald L. Hassell: Interesting question, Howard. What we did see towards the end of the year just as we saw in August 2011 was with the physical (sic) [fiscal] cliff looming, we saw a fairly significant increase in our deposits on our balance sheet, and so we saw a run-up of $20 billion, $30 billion in our deposits. Most of that has already moved back off the balance sheet, some of which has moved into traditional money market funds, some of which appears to be going into investments. I think we're going to be facing some ways a bit of a number of cliffs. I think the debt ceiling limit is going to put another potential concern in the eyes of investors. Hopefully, we'll get through that, but we are seeing people trying to put some money to work, but still there's an enormous amount of cash sitting on the sidelines, waiting for better certainty and clarity. I think some of the investment management flows, which maybe I can ask Curtis to speak to, he's seeing some activity pick up there, showing up in some of our numbers. So maybe, Curtis, you want to just touch upon that a little bit too.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, Brian, maybe you want to talk about what you see on the Pershing platform on the retail side particularly.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, so maybe I can add onto that a little bit. I think we're quite pleased with that 9.8% Basel III Tier 1 common ratio. I think it gives us an increased flexibility to consider capital actions. I would generally say that the dividend payout ratio and the 25% to 30% is probably something for all of us to think about. And the total payout ratio last year, we guided you to about the 65% range. I think we have the flexibility to see that north of that 65%.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. No, it's a very good question and something we're very, very mindful of. We obviously need to continue to enhance our risk management capabilities in this space and ability to liquidate collateral if we had to, but don't think of all of the transformation occurring on our balance sheet. Some of our role is to be an intermediary between parties where we act as the agents. So in some cases, we'll use our clients' treasury through our treasuries in that transformation process. In other cases, we'll simply be the agent between the parties. So we don't always have to be the lender. Obviously, there's a lot of value in that, but they're -- you're correct in saying there's risk associated with it, and we have to be mindful of that risk and manage it very, very well. And so we are enhancing and building out our capabilities in that space to be able to handle it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, the immediate quick hit this is -- net interest income shows up with virtually no expense, and therefore, bottom line income. So you're going to see the more quick revenue hit in that space. But longer term, we want to have it be more at an agent position, where we get continuous repeatable fees, and that's what we expect out of this. And so it's creating that neural network, as we refer to, and have all the parties use us, principally as agent rather than acting as principal and using our balance sheet.
Gerald L. Hassell: And, Alex, just a little bit of other color. The fourth quarter between the physical (sic) [fiscal] cliff in Europe and a variety of other things that were going on, I think people, particularly towards the end of the quarter, were really in a risk-off mode in terms of leaving a lot of cash all around the world. We're already starting to see some of that cash go back to work. Hopefully, we'll see some more capital markets activities and, therefore, demand for borrowed securities in the sec lending side, demand for further collateral transformation as people pick up their trading activities. So we're a little bit more hopeful than -- concerning the fourth quarter activity, that market activity will pick up in that space, and therefore, we'll be able to put some more money to work.
Gerald L. Hassell: That being said, Brian, given the environment that we're operating in, we just have to be very, very disciplined around our expenses. And it's one of the things I said in my opening comments, we're going to continue to try to drive efficiencies across our operating platforms and our expense base. So it's something we have a lot of focus on and a lot of attention on.
Gerald L. Hassell: Essentially, no. We're putting through the "tri-party reform," working with the industry, both the buy side and the sell side. Pricing for our services is held up as it has been in the past. There's been more activity. I think the main issue around tri-party reform is taking risk out of the system, and I think we're making very good progress on doing that. So it's not a pricing issue. It's really a reform issue on taking risk, intraday risk out of the system.
Gerald L. Hassell: Thank you. Well, thank you very much everyone for your interest and dialing in today. Sorry we couldn't get to everyone's questions. If you have further questions, please give Andy Clark and the team a direct call, and we'll be happy to follow up with you. Thanks again, everyone.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. At the end of 2012, as Gerald had mentioned, we saw a pretty sharp spike in our balances and most of that spike has since whittled away. But when we saw that, we actually saw a little bit of -- what could have been a little bit of pressure on our leverage ratio, and we thought it was on our interest to hold back on about $100 million or so of buybacks that we probably could have done to make sure that we had a strong leverage ratio and a strong CCAR that we could present for 2013. So we didn't want it to interfere at all with our 2013 efforts.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes -- no, I think mix will be key to it, Betsy, and the fourth quarter was particularly soft for DRs. So if you just imagine, $100 million with very little variable expense from quarter-to-quarter. So it's going to be the revenue mix and DRs was the noisiest component of that revenue mix. So we had expected to improve a little bit as the revenue mix gets more normal and just some of the seasonal impact. So I think in your model, you will have to average that out a little bit better. We probably should have given you a little clearer guidance on that...
Thomas P. Gibbons: We are -- yes, we're slightly ahead of where we would have expected to be. The cost are slightly less to get there, and the reason for that largely is because we allocated a lot of those costs in a restructuring charge against a gain that we took on the sale of a property.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I think it's going to be consistent with what we have indicated in the past. Effectively, what the operational expense initiatives are doing for us is they're offsetting some of the growth related to pension, related to other benefits expenses, related to merit increases and some slight inflation in our other operating expenses. So those are matching themselves off. So in order to generate operating leverage, it's pretty hard if we don't show a little bit of growth outside of that to generate a whole lot of operating leverage. If we can generate 2% or 3% or 4% of revenue growth, then we'll -- then we can see some operating leverage. But again, we want you to be mindful of the revenue mix in that. So if NIR is flat and FX is flat and we're seeing in the lower margin business the revenue growth, and you're going -- then the operating leverage is going to be more challenging.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I mean, a couple of questions there. The reason for the little improvement in the Basel III Tier 1 common ratio, the numerator accounted for about 10 basis points, as we did see about $150 million or 10 basis point increase in the capital, and that's pretty consistent with what we would expect to retain in a quarter -- in a normal quarter. The denominator, we'd expect to get some benefit as we see some runoff typically in some of the higher weighted -- risk-weighted assets. This quarter, for the same reason that we got some improvement on the reserve, we got some improvement using the similar models. We got some improvement on the risk weighted assets as our historical data against a lot of retail analysis and commercial loans has improved dramatically. So as we've improved the quality of our portfolio, which reflected in our risk weights, and we've readdressed those risk weights in the quarter so we picked up some of the benefit of that so that was a little bit more of it. The 40 basis points in the denominator is probably heavy by about 20 to 25.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Okay, let me make a couple of comments, and then Gerald probably want to make a comment or 2. Where -- the CCAR looks at things under normal and also under stress. And as we've indicated in the past, we intend to do pretty well because we've got some -- really, 2 things going for us. One is we don't rely on a lot of risky assets in order to generate our revenues, and the other thing is the mix of our businesses is a little less equity intensive so that a steep drop in the equity markets has a little less impact to us. So as a result, we can kind of continue to generate even through a pretty ugly environment like the ones that we've gone through for us. So it's really based on -- the payouts will be based on where we see our performance and what we see as being prudent, given where our capital ratios are. But certainly, it puts us in a position with stronger capital ratios than we would have expected at this point of the year to do a little better. I don't know, Gerald...
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. I think some of that, Glenn, has to do with the fact that Corporate Trust and DRs are included in the Investment Service revenues. And so I think our Asset Servicing fees have, in fact, been growing, but the Corporate Trust and DRs have been declining, particularly in this quarter. DR is more seasonal than structural, and at Corporate Trust, we've just seen a runoff in the structured products, which are impacting overall revenues. Asset Servicing fees have been growing, maybe not totally in line with the assets under custody. But maybe I'll ask Tim to comment specifically on that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Okay. There's -- there are really 2 activities there outside of -- or 2 key activities outside of FX and the other trading category. One of them is general fixed income trading, where we do make markets for our clients. So we saw that a little softer. And the thing that's more episodic is really around some interest rate trading. So we saw interest rate derivative trading. So we saw a fair number of interest rate derivative trading activity in the third quarter that we didn't see replicate itself in the fourth quarter. And the nature of that business, it is -- for us, sits on such a small number, Glenn, that a little change is a pretty significant impact percentage-wise.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Glenn, we continue to build out the capabilities. We've seen very good interest from the buy side. Traditionally, our collateral management has been supporting the dealer community, and we've seen some nice growth in our tri-party collateral balances. I think we produced a number for you. We are experiencing some fee growth in the area already where we're also seeing some net interest income growth in that area as we help optimize and transform some of the collateral for the dealer community in particular. So we're starting to see some good further attraction in this space. Part of the CSD announcement that we made is to support collateral services in Europe into the future. So we're excited about that. I know you all are anxious to see more transparency and information around this, and later in the year, I think we'll be able to put together some better numbers and direction for you. But we feel good about our progress, and we continue to see very good interest in it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Great question. I love that question. So, Tim, I'll -- yes, it's in your area. I'll ask you to address it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And, Luke, if I can add something to that. I mean, we're sitting on $90 billion or up to $90 billion in central bank deposits. If we can put a little bit of that to work to relatively short-term secured floating rate loans that effectively can convert a corporate bond to cash that can then be posted at a central clearer, that's a great trade and it comes with very little -- we certainly have the liquidity to handle it, and it comes with very, very little incremental risk and some incremental income.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Actually, I look forward to that date because it probably implies a little higher interest rates, Ken. But the -- I think the simple way to think about this is we try to maintain a portfolio about 2 years in duration, relatively very low credit risk, as you can see from looking at it. So each quarter a quarter burns through and as we take -- as some of those securities come down and they get very rich because there's strong interest on the short -- on the relatively short end of the curve for those assets, we'll sell some of the richer securities and then we'll reinvest back out on the curve. That gives up -- it can give up a little bit of NII on a go-forward basis, but it's not too much. And that's why -- and it maintains the portfolio balance to where we want it. And that's why as we started to look more and more of this, it's exactly what's been going on, and we wanted to make sure investors see that and that we would intend to do that as long as the interest rate environment stays where it is. If the rate environment changes, so if we see a rise in rates, we'd probably do a little of extension duration. There would be no need for that type of activity, but we would be making up for it in our NIR.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I don't recall. Off the top of my head, it was probably around $60 million. It tends to come in about $5 million or so a quarter, as we had indicated in the past.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. The assets under custody wins from quarter-to-quarter are pretty lumpy. If you get some big ones in 1 quarter, you won't necessarily see them in the next quarter. So that's not a steady state. But we are seeing a steady state in terms of the increased interest in mid-office and derivatives, servicing and a variety of other things. So -- some of which require -- that are slow to ramp up on the revenue side, even with the announcement that we make, and over time, that we expect those revenues to come in.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments there. First of all, let's split Issuer Services into 2 businesses, there's Corporate Trust and there's DRs. So DRs is a cyclical business. It's a -- it's really largely driven by the developing markets and the BRICs. So we're seeing softness in new capital development there and M&A and any type of corporate action. So that -- and that tends to be somewhat cyclical. So with the global downturn, it's reflected even more dramatically there. Back in September, when we did an analysis, unfortunately, we don't -- we haven't computed those numbers yet, when we looked at the total number of corporate actions in the DR space, it was down about 30% year-over-year and that's what really drives the revenue base there. So that's going to come with the cycle. So we -- if you expect an uptick and a little combinations and corporate actions in the developing world, we'll see that. And -- but if not, it'll -- it could get -- it'll stay here. And that -- then that will have some impact, as I mentioned, on leverage because it doesn't come both ways. There's not a lot of expenses associated with it. With -- in terms of Corporate Trust, that's more a reflection. We're seeing okay business in most components of it. But the non-agency book and the CLO-CEO book continues to run off. There are some CLOs being created, and we're getting our market share of those, at least. But it's not fast enough to stop that decline that we've seen, which we would probably expect over the next couple of years.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I'd say there are 2 things. Number one, the contraction rates was a little heavier than we had expected and QE3 drove some of that. And the one thing that hasn't moved as quickly as we had hoped is some of that secured lending that we just described. So our view is we're going to see some burn off of assets. We can fight that headwind if we have the growth in our collateral services business and the principal lending side of that business. That will basically moderate it, along with the repayment of some of our trust preferreds. And -- but spreads are tough. I mean, there's no question about it. And the -- with the Fed in there buying mortgages, they've become so rich. It doesn't really make sense to put some of the shorter-duration mortgages on our -- in our book. So that's -- the way we sustain the NII that we have is going to be -- and the securities gains is going to be a combination of managing the portfolio the way we had described and putting more of that money to work at a little faster pace. We weren't as successful as we would've like to have been this quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, it can be all over the place based on the counterparty and the collateral underneath it. But it would certainly be 35 to 75 basis points higher than which you would see holding the money at the Fed, Alex. And the way to think about it is we would like to see the book grow by $20 billion, and so that's some of the -- that would be our ability to offset some of that spread contraction headwind.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Brian. Answering the question around our initiatives, I think you should look at what we had -- the guidance that we had previously given, and we expect that we will be in line with that guidance for 2013. That's what we certainly budgeted for. In terms of some of the quarter-end driving expenses, I mean, we saw some seasonal things, like our donations were up, our marketing expenses were up. We tend to have a conference. In fact, we had 1 conference that we only have every 4 years was -- it came in this fourth quarter. As well, it tends to be -- we take a hard look at some of our assets in terms of software, and there were a couple of write-offs there. And typically, that will happen in the fourth quarter, and it can also be related to our operational excellence initiatives as we start to sunset some of the systems. We're also making some investment in our brands as well, and we'll roll that out in the first quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. The money market fee waivers were consistent with what we had seen in the third quarter, so there really hasn't been much of a change. There's actually slightly improved from where we were on a year-over-year basis. So right now, I don't -- of course, if you're seeing any -- I don't think we're seeing any real change into the first quarter as well.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And maybe a few of my colleagues can jump in here on this question but if you had a very sharp sell-off in fixed income, that would probably be a price change across the portfolio, pretty modest. If it was 5%, that would be a lot. And for most of our Asset Servicing businesses, our fees are not necessarily a function. They're not -- it's not like AUM where it's a basis points. There's a little bit of that. But most of the fees are related to transactions, as well as to accounts. So there's 3 different sources of fees. So you might see a modest decline in the AUC, assets under administration, and a very modest decline in the amount of fee -- related fee revenue to it.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, sure. Glenn, it's Tim. Year-over-year, just a reminder, the Asset Servicing fees grew at 7% versus AUC of 9%, and I think you see a couple things. I think you see a little bit of a mixed shift. I think some of it is timing. I would certainly say that more of our new business converted towards the back end of the year. And then, frankly, a little bit of it is loss business by maintaining our strong pricing discipline. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Timothy F. Keaney: Sure. Look, it's a bright spot for us. You know the regulations are changing, both Dodd-Frank and EMIR coming up on us very quickly. So that's driving people to make decisions, partly around the collateral question that was just asked to Gerald. But more importantly, there's a number of CSDs in Europe. We're the only one that provides the full value chain of services, particularly the notary functions, so the things that happened before secondary trading, and we think that's a unique differentiator for us. We started to do this initially to defend our Issuer Services business in Europe. But as the bond business and Issuer Services business grows, we think this could become a needle mover for us. So I would say watch this space. But you correctly connect the CSD strategy to collateral. Because in a post Target2-Securities environment, T2S should go into effect in June 2015, you have to be a CSD to play in Central Bank money collateral. So that's the other reason why we did this, which has a much more strategic aspect to it, and connects our collateral ambitions here in the U.S. to our collateral ambitions in Europe.
Timothy F. Keaney: I would say relative to our traditional trust bank competitors, I don't think -- see anybody that can offer the level of services that we have, that the landscape's changing in terms of the current players like Euroclear and Clearstream. But again, I would say they're missing one important part of the value chain. But again, just think of this in terms of impact in 2013 as being somewhat modest and building over the next, I would say, 2 years.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, sure, I'll take that. But first, let me take them in kind of reverse order. Don't get overly concerned about that new business win rate because less of the business is geared to AUC, and that's something we need to think about. I've gone back and looked at over the last 6 quarters in terms of win and pipeline, it's been pretty consistent. And the mix and the ratio between AUC going up 9% year-on-year and fees going up 7% I talked a little bit about earlier, I wouldn't be overly concerned about that, although the mix is changing a bit. And so we are doing more of middle office outsourcing and transfer agency and things. But there's also some good news in there. You're also seeing the repricing that we've been implementing now for some time has some traction, and so I wouldn't say -- I'd also just say that the business continues to be very competitive, especially in the large end of the market. So no, I can't tell you there's been any significant shift there, Ken.
Timothy F. Keaney: Sure. Why don't I start with something I haven't mentioned yet, Brian, which is we have an excellent pipeline of business that will convert over the next 3 quarters so -- of the wins that we have not converted yet, which is significant, it's a little over $800 billion, so that's 1.5 kind of quarters of activity in value that hasn't quite converged yet into the run rate. But on pricing, just to remind you, this is a long-term strategy for us, structurally realigning the business. We started with the low end of the client base, as you'll recall. The way I would think about is if you look at Asset Servicing fees, not Investment Services fees, but Asset Servicing fees, we think we've got pricing power over, let's say, 10% to 12%. We've been raising prices steadily where we're allowed contractually to do so. We're retaining 75% of the clients with about a 20% uplift. I don't think that's going to change at all. We're staying very disciplined on that. And the great news there is that'll drop straight to the bottom line. So we've only got about 10% of that showing up in the run rate yet, so I think there's upside there. But because of the nature of when clients are repricing, we're largely timing the repricing out to when client contracts come up for review. That will largely be done by the first quarter of 2015. And personally, I think the more impactful thing over time will be the other end of the spectrum, which is those very large clients where we see opportunity to do a lot more in places like collateral in our global markets capabilities, and that's something we focused on as well.
Timothy F. Keaney: It's really mixed, Brian. You would see a core bundle of Asset Servicing with securities lending and foreign exchange and accounting. And then you'd see about half of it, which are things like middle office outsourcing, transfer agency, fund administration and that is something. That mix has shifted slightly over time. So it's about 50-50.
Timothy F. Keaney: No, in Investment Management, fee waivers were the lowest negative impact to us that they have been in 6 quarters, and it's been pretty steady so far. We're still sorting through sort of the year-end flows and impact on repo markets and whatnot. So -- but I would say it's definitely improved from a year ago.
Timothy F. Keaney: And, Todd, if I could just add one other thing. Josh, it's Tim. Back to this whole collateral theme, I would hasten to guess we're the largest custodian of U.S. treasuries in the world. And as these regulations take effect, where we've talked a little bit about what the increase in volume will demand in terms of posting a collateral, a lot of those U.S. treasuries are going to be needed. And that's why we link that back directly to an inherent medium-term strength, whether it's transforming the collateral or through our traditional securities lending and financing capabilities. I think that's going to be a big plus for us.
Karen B. Peetz: Yes. And, Ken, the only thing I would like to add, it's Karen Peetz, is that we did see some great spots. It's not enough to kind of set a trend for Depositary Receipts. But December of the quarter, we had some optimism where the pipeline's up pretty significantly as we head into the new year. And then the only thing I'd amplify on Todd's comment about CLOs is we are the market leader as those new CLOs are coming to market. There are 127 all of last year, of which we won 33%. So hopefully, it will begin to offset the decline that's happening on the existing book.
Karen B. Peetz: Right. So it's Karen again. The high yield and the corporate debt types tend to be our lower fees. And there's also -- even though high yield, as an example, we always dominate, it's still a small number of deals in the realm of kind of global issuance. So that can't kind of carry the day. The other thing is the structured book has historically been the highest fee and margin. And so as that's runs off and also as new deals are coming in priced less than the old deals were, you get this kind of real churn that's happening in the business. So to a large extent, how we're reacting is to just transform the business model. We've gone to a more functional alignment so that we can manage the expenses. And we're in this kind of wait-and-see mode. We have a great footprint. We have a great kind of strategic capability, but we're very much going to have a lot more flexibility in how we can manage expenses as we go forward.
Karen B. Peetz: And the only thing I would add is that we have been pricing for daylight that hadn't been priced before, and so there has been some revenue benefit from that, but it's modest.
