Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. As you've seen from the release, for the third quarter, we generated net income of $720 million and an earnings per share of $0.61. Now that did include the benefit of approximately $0.04 per share from a lower tax rate. As a reminder, we reported $0.53 per share in the third quarter of last year. In a macro environment that continues to present challenges to all of us, we are winning new business, investing in organic growth opportunities, delivering on our operational excellence initiatives, improving on our already strong capital position, continuing to return capital shareholders and at the end of the day, our core revenues were up 2%, and core expenses were flat. We were particularly pleased with the strength of our investment management area, which benefited from strong investment performance and a 12th consecutive quarter of long-term flows. We had $58 billion in net long-term flows over the last 12 months, which included $9 billion during the third [Audio Gap] helped drive assets under management to a record level of $1.4 trillion. And during the quarter, we received a number of industry awards, which is very, very gratifying. Insight was named the Fixed Income firm of the year and LDI firm of the year by Financial News. ARX, our Brazilian investment manager, was awarded Active Equity Manager of the Year, and the BNY Mellon Emerging Market Debt Fund was named Emerging Market Debt Fund of the Year. We also purchased the remaining 50% of our West LB Mellon Asset Management joint venture, which further strengthens our franchise in Germany. We combined some of our Standish fixed income activities with Alcentra to create a world-class and sizable manager of credit strategy. We also announced plans to combine our Pareto currency risk management boutique with Insight to creating one manager of risk management solutions. So there's lots of good things occurring in investment management. Turning to Investment Services, we also benefited from new business, as well as typical seasonality in Depositary Receipts. In Asset Servicing, we had more than $520 billion in new assets under custody wins. Now with market values increasing and conversions to prior business won, assets under custody reached a record level of almost $28 trillion. Also during the quarter, we fully integrated the BHF Asset Servicing business onto our systems. So we are in fact integrating and retiring legacy platforms. And feedbacks on our newly formed global services organization has been overwhelmingly positive, as clients struggle to meet the current and emerging requirements of Dodd-Frank. Now offsetting some of these positives were seasonal reductions in volumes that affected our foreign exchange and clearing businesses. Also, Corporate Trust continues to be negatively impacted by low levels in new issuance versus a natural retirement of existing securities. We continue to make good progress on our operational excellence initiatives, which are focused on providing great client service while improving productivity and reducing risk. And on the capital front, we generated strong returns on tangible equity, continue to return capital to shareholders and improve our already strong capital position. Now going forward, we remain very focused on capitalizing on our core -- organic growth opportunities identified within our company that can help clients grow and navigate the current environment. Now there are some great examples of this. Take global collateral services where we're seeing real exciting opportunities. We're working to leverage the tremendous power of our Pershing distribution capability for our investment management products, and we're doing this globally, as we believe our technology and distribution platforms export well around the world. And we're also building on our trading capabilities to better service our clients to provide more opportunities to capture trading flows for a variety of instruments. We're a great counterparty and some natural extension of our business. So while we're certainly pleased that our core businesses are growing and we're succeeding in capturing new business and controlling our expenses, we're also creating our own long-term revenue growth capabilities. Now it's also imperative for us to focus on the great ideas and opportunities that exist in-house and to relentlessly manage our cost base to improve EPS performance. With that, let me turn it over to Todd to go through the numbers.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure, Cynthia. It's 2 main things. One is as we migrate some of our jobs to some of our global centers around the world, there's a little bit of bubble headcount associated with that. But most of it's associated with insourcing contractors, particularly on the software application side. We've been using third-party contractors. We decided it's much more efficient. And frankly, we retain the intellectual property and intellectual capacity of the talent by insourcing it rather than using third-party contractor. So there's a benefit both on the cost side as well as retaining the talent.
Gerald L. Hassell: So I'll make a couple of comments, Mike, and then perhaps turn it over to Tim. So a couple of things that we're doing: We are seeing better recovery on securities lending, and we're being more active there. And I think the numbers speak for that both in terms of securities on loan as well as the year-over-year improvement in that category. So we are seeing securities lending being reactivated in the marketplace, and we're being more active on that front. Tim will talk in a moment what he's trying to do on the core Asset Servicing side, where you're seeing certain kinds of fees move, and the core fees have actually moved up. But you're correct. They haven't moved up totally in line with assets under custody, and Tim will talk to that perhaps in a moment. And on the trading and foreign exchange side, we are investing on our trading activities and various electronic platforms in order to capture more flows that go through our fingertips. And so we're not going to rely on foreign exchange coming back to the degree that it did, but we are investing in the businesses to capture more of the other instruments that are traded naturally by our clients. And we think an opportunity gain some of that traction and some of the revenues around that will improve the overall returns on the business. So with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Tim.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. I'd say one other final comment, Mike, in terms of what are we doing. The effort that we're putting into and the resources around collateral services, global collateral services is for real, and we do see that as a real opportunity to capture revenues around assets that are within our custody base. And so I think that's going to be an opportunity for us to gain fee revenues off of the current client base.
Gerald L. Hassell: Okay, great. The fee side of it is, it is all fee-based so that's the good news. We are seeing increasing opportunities. I think we have one in the metrics on our tables, our assets collateralized, tri-party collateral, continues to move up. And we are seeing progress there. The dialogue with our clients, particularly I'd say the buy side, has dramatically increased because they're realizing what they're facing in terms of having to post collateral to either today or in the future as the regulations get crystallized around all their various trading activities. And so the dialogues are quite productive. It's still early stages in terms of the fee revenues that we're seeing actually translate or show up in our own revenue stream. So -- but we are optimistic and hopeful that this will be a significant item in the future. The timing of it's a little bit unpredictable because the regulations are still being written, but the level of activity and dialogue is quite real, and we are spending the money now investing in the technology, which is absorbed in our running rate on expenses, to be able to capture that opportunity. So we feel good about the future here.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. That is one of the potentials of "asset transformation", taking ineligible assets and creating them into eligible assets, and that's something that we are taking a look at. We think we have the expertise internally to be able to be able to value and look at that kind of collateral. And with proper margining with the proper counterparties, we think it's a good way to use our balance sheet and to support our clients. So yes, that is something we are looking at.
Gerald L. Hassell: And again, Brian, the metric that we keep focused on is that fee revenue to operating expenses. Our goal -- we're being very disciplined about getting our above that 100% mark on fees versus operating expenses, and that's the best metric to continue to focus on for us and that's in this space.
Gerald L. Hassell: No, no. I think it's -- for this quarter, it was right in line or unfortunately, negatively in line with the volatility index. So I don't think, based on what we've seen so far, that our foreign exchange trading was any different than anyone else's, particularly associated with the volatility or lack thereof.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, I think, it is because there's multiple levels to collateral services. There's the basic level of segregating the collateral, i.e. custody. There's transforming the collateral that we've talked about that Betsy asked the question on. There's optimizing the collateral within the day or over a period of time during which the collateral is being posted. Many of these things, particularly on the optimization side and the transformation side, actually can reduce the capital cost to both sides, both to dealer side and the buyer side. And when you reduce capital costs, there is ability to get some good revenues out of that. So don't think of it just in terms of a transaction, think of it in terms of how it improves the capital costs associated with the collateral being posted both on the buy side and the sell side.
Gerald L. Hassell: I think it points to some comments that Curtis was making earlier. Just investors around the world are sitting on the sidelines waiting for some greater clarity both in the U.S. and abroad. And when some of that clarity starts to improve, I think this is the kind of business that you'll see snap back.
Gerald L. Hassell: Howard, just a quick comment. We think being ahead of schedule and given the capital that we're generating every single quarter gives us enormous flexibility as we go into, as Todd said, CCAR season. And we'll go through this process and see where we can come out.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, let's start with the last part of the question. We are not interested. It's not on the table in terms of acquisitions because we think the organic growth opportunities internally are so evident, both on the revenue side as well as investing and retiring platforms, investing in some of those operational initiatives, so the capital that we're generating in that regard is really dedicated to the great organic growth ideas that we've identified internally and to support our clients as they face this marketplace. The balance between dividends and share buybacks is always an interesting intellectual debate, as well as a financial debate. We think the answer is yes in terms of there should be a good balance between dividend growth and share buybacks. And Todd, you may want to add to it.
Gerald L. Hassell: The quick answer is all of the investment and tri-party reform is in our run rate today. We are improving the technologies to address the issues that came out of the tri-party reform task force, and that's effectively to eliminate the intra-day credit that's being provided at the marketplace today. That requires a variety of technology improvements, as well as some change in behaviors on behalf of the investors and the dealers. That's progressing well, any of the expenses associated with that reform are in our run rate today. There are investments, as I said, that we are making on the technology side. I think we're making good progress, and there's still a lot more work to do. But we're making very good progress in meeting what the market is looking for.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. Just in general, Howard, the size of the pie is very, very large, and we're only getting a small fraction of it. So we can just take relatively incremental pickup in some of that activity that we're already the natural party that's servicing those transactions. So we just want to just capture more of the flow internally.
Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Gerard. And thank you very much, everyone, for dialing in and listening in. We appreciate it. If you have further questions, please give our IR team a call, Andy Clark, Izzy Dawood. And look forward to catching up with you soon. Thanks again, everybody.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, as we said in the past Cynthia, we're not managing to NIM. We are managing to NIR. So we're willing to take on deposits and place them at the fed even though that generates a very low NIM because you can only get 25 basis points on that. So our focus, again, has been to drive NIR up or keep it stable in this kind of an environment. All that being said, I think if you were to hold the balance sheet constant and the interest environment stayed depressed at this level, you would see some continued contraction over the course of the next 12 months in the NIM.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And that's why you don't see -- even though you see that number go up, you're not seeing an increase in salaries.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think there are a couple of things going on. We do feel pretty good about the timing. A couple of things have worked out, and some of the investments that we thought we would need to make are a little bit less than what we had first expected. In the fourth quarter, we are looking at continuing to invest in some actions that will generate ongoing benefits especially around the real estate side. So we wouldn't expect the bottom line to be as great as what we've seen in the past couple of quarters, Ken. That's why we're kind of guiding you to stay within the range that we had projected.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. Accretion was down about $7 million or so, Ken, and that's about the quarterly run rate we would expect. In other words, it should continue to come down at about that level. So I think it was around $67 million or something -- $67 million thereabouts. And your second question was around fee waivers. The delta on fee waivers is very slightly improved. Now I'd already projected the trough 3 times previously, so I'm not going to project it again, but maybe we have gone through it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Okay. Sure. So why don't we start with the fixed income and other trading. We have been investing in that as Gerald had indicated, and I think we had given some indication in the past that we thought that line would be around $50 million. I think there's opportunity for that to be a bit higher than that on a go-forward basis. And I think we've demonstrated a little bit of that in this quarter. But there will be some volatility around that, as you would expect, Ken. In terms of the investment and other income, we had given, I think, guidance in the past that if you look through those -- and we give a lot of disclosure in the earnings review of those -- if you look through the portfolio of items there, we would expect about $80 million to $85 million in core, but it seems like we've been seeing -- we've been harvesting some things or getting some benefits. There were seed capital that can be a bit volatile, and we did crystalize some gains on our seed capital this quarter. But I would -- I'd still target around that level and understand that there can be $20 million or $30 million of upside or downside to it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And Betsy, you'd ask about capital. And this is Todd, I'll take that. If you look at the various activities, they tend to be very well collateralized, I mean that, to us, wherever we act as a principal. So if it's securities finance or actual lending, we get collateralized with good securities at a reasonable margin. And on a risk-based -- a risk-weighted asset, they tend to be very, very low, so they can be easily absorbed into our balance sheet. It's a better allocation of our -- if it is coming onto our balance sheet, it's a better use of our deposit base than keeping it at the Fed or in cash in other banks.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. In terms of the agency RMBS, I think QE3 has made certainly the fixed agency RMBS a much less attractive asset. So we actually did get ahead a bit on our allocation to agencies before QE3 came about, and that's worked pretty well for us. So I don't think you're going to see us buying a whole lot of fixed agency RMBS because of the yield declines post to the Fed's announcement. We will continue to purchase and we haven't completed our full allocations to munis. There are some corporates both in the U.S. and abroad that we're looking at, some floating rate asset-backed securities. We kind of like CLOs, covered bonds. And we are looking at agency floaters in the quarter. For example, we did buy some agency floaters.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It's still in the $0.05 or so per share, maybe $0.05 or $0.06 or $0.04. It moves a little bit, but it hasn't moved much. We've kind of gone to that level and haven't seen a whole lot of change. There was one quarter we saw it got a little bit better but not a lot.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It's actually quarter-to-quarter sequentially, essentially the same. The "standing instruction" remains about 9%. It was the same percentage as last quarter. It hasn't dipped down, so it's still a valuable product to our clients.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So Alex, this is typical of what we've seen in this business. It tends to be hyper-cyclical. So we just went through a cycle, looks like we're coming toward the end of a cycle. And hopefully, if we get through the fiscal cliff and some investor sentiment changes, we could see this change pretty quickly.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. A lot in that question. So I think the -- where we had guided a couple of quarters ago was that we can continue to actually increase the size of the portfolio with the amount of growth in deposits and excess cash that we've done. So as we saw some of the higher yielding assets come off, we could reinvest at a faster pace, and that was going to offset the impact of that. The -- we got another headwind when the ECB cut rates to 0 on excess reserves. So that's why it backed off a little bit from where we were 2 or 3 quarters ago. But the gist of it is, is we can -- we will reinvest more than just what is maturing so the portfolio will continue to grow. We also -- just as a reminder, the investment portfolio is only about -- it's a little more than about 40% of our interest-earning assets. So we are seeing some growth in our loan volumes both in wealth management, both of it related to our global collateral services where we're increasing our secured lending, and we're seeing a little bit in our core businesses as well. So 2/3 of our NIM is generated by that. So it's not solely what's coming out of our portfolio. But we do think the maturities coming out of our portfolio will be a bit of a headwind on the NIM, all else being equal, and in the vicinity of 3 or 4 basis points.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, at this point, I think, it's too early to say. That's still under development. There are conversations, but we're not really in a position to make a definitive statement, a statement one way or the other, Luke.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, we are just heading into CCAR season right now, and we're taking a hard look as we'll go through our stress testing. And I think that given the strength of our -- the left-hand side of the balance sheet and we're ahead of where we had anticipated to be in terms of Basel III compliance, we will definitely take a hard look at this and see what the appropriate deployment is, whether it's going to be the same or more.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, we do talk to our investors and they help to inform of what that mix might be. And I think as we look out at the stress testing, there is sensitivity to percentage of the dividends relative to buybacks that we need to be aware of as well. But we will certainly look -- when we think of our capital deployment, we'll look at all of that here in the fourth quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think, as far as the areas of growth, we'll see growth in the capital markets services space across rates for sure. Interest rate swaps is a great business for us, particularly on execution. And then, we're not going to leave out foreign exchange. I mean foreign exchange is still a very important business for us, and we simply need to be a more competitive through technology resources. In addition, I'd left out the purchasing network, which our purchasing client base is a marquee client base that we can also sell these services into. So we're really looking at growth across, I'd say, the rates business, particularly on fixed income and foreign exchange as well.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Gerard. There are a number of items. We're, first of all, retaining income. We are watching our intangible amortization burn-off, which goes into the capital account effectively. We have benefited under Basel III, the other comprehensive income or the changes in the available for sale portfolio runs through the capital accounts, so that has improved probably $1 billion pretax, a little -- probably about $500 million or $600 million after tax in the quarter. So it's the combination of income, the combination of OCI. And also, the original BIS guidelines were strictly driven by ratings, and as they've been adjusted, we also got a benefit on some of the sub-investment grade securities that weren't quite as capital attractive as they otherwise would have been. So it's the combination of those 3 items, and that was a very significant one I might add. So those 3 items have put us well in advance.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes. Gerald, thanks. Mike, Tim Keaney. A couple of things, first of all, we're going back to repricing as I said on previous few calls. We started off Broadway with smaller clients, which is now done. That's not a needle mover, but it's a step in the right direction. We're moving up the chain to larger clients, as their contracts come up for review. We've had 29 of our larger clients out of 29 successfully repriced with about a 20% uptick in core fees, and we're just going to stay at that. That's probably going to take us about 3 years to go through the whole cycle, as contracts come up for review. But more to your question of the disaggregation between growth and AUC, I might just comment on that for a second. Year-over-year, we saw a huge amount of de-risking. We see about a third gearing for us to market and as Todd mentioned, a significant portion on the year-on-year uptick in AUC with market. We also had a little bit of a mix issue where about 60% plus of our assets under custody are geared towards fixed income. But I will make one other point. We have maintained pricing discipline, we do have some large clients year-on-year, particularly in Europe, that are coming through because we are maintaining absolute strict pricing discipline. So I think you do see that pulling through and also the mix in new business that we're winning. We do see a significant portion of new business coming from outsourcing and transfer agency that are key pillars for us, and that really isn't geared to AUC, and last point, we still have half of what we've won yet to convert.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, 29 out of 29 of our larger clients has their contracts come up for review Mike. We renegotiate higher fees.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Mike. Let me -- it's a good question. Our largest 100 clients, roughly 100 clients are super large, multi-product users of our services. That is much more about cross selling and share wallet and introducing some of the new things that Gerald mentioned. Collateral would be a great example, some of the things that Art's building into that client base. We have no pricing power with those names. But all the clients below those names, we have plenty of opportunity to up price.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes. Betsy, it's Tim. Just one other point I'd add. The flip side to not being geared on the asset side, the custody side as much to the equity market as we'd like is the huge amount of treasuries that we have in assets under custody and the majority of our clients that are in our securities lending program. So we think one of the areas that will benefit greatly from this kind of vertically integrated unit that we put in place will directly benefit our clients because of the amount of AUC we have in treasuries.
Timothy F. Keaney: Sure. Thanks, Brian. Yes, we won $520 billion, which was a great quarter, a continuing trend now for several quarters. As its financial institutions, particularly fund managers, most of it was growing current client relationships as part of our strategy where we move up out on the value chain. And so we continue to see things like sub-accounting, where we converted $6.1 million sub-accounting fees -- sub-accounting accounts, which is not geared to AUC. We continue to win transfer agency and middle-office outsourcing, and we make sure that we get paid our minimum target margins. The challenge and this is showing up in the $740 billion we haven't converted yet, is it just takes a little longer to convert. It's a much more mechanical process. So we still have $740 billion to convert. I think Todd mentioned the stats. 50% will convert in the fourth quarter and then the remainder equally over Q1 and Q2 next year. So I don't want you to be overly concerned on the mix because, as we've said, we're not going to dig the hole any deeper for us by lowering our margins for these products. We're maintaining strict disciplines on minimal margins.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes. Gerard, I would say just generally, I've seen a little bit of a tapping down of repricing. Clearly, the fund management sector and insurance sector, which are driving a lot of our business, are under pricing pressure, but that's why we stay really focused on quality service. And I think that's why we've seen a bit of a damping down. But the coverage model that we put on these names, which I really didn't talk about yet, we have a whole business dedicated to those top 125 names with a high-touch service model, and it's already pulling through. I mean half of the new business we won on the quarter directly relates to 2 big clients that we've been focusing on. So we don't have the ability to raise prices. We've seen a little bit of a dampening down over the last year or so on negative reprices. But it is really much more long-term by cross-selling and delivering the new things that Art is building in collateral into those clients.
