Michael Santomassimo: Yes, hey Glenn its Mike, let me just give you a couple thoughts there and then hopefully I'll answer the question. But, as you sort of think about the first quarter and we said this at Investor Day as well, sort of that we saw deposit balances a little higher than we expected in the beginning part of our first quarter and those have come back down to kind of where we expected them to be. And as we sort of think about the second quarter, all things considered, we still expect NIM to increase and we would expect that even with the lower deposit balances, the rate of growth of NIR will be a little lower than the first quarter. But we still expect it to be pretty healthy versus the second quarter of 2017. So we still expect to see both of that happening. And I think as we build - as we continue to build the franchise and bring on new clients, we would hope that our - any of the decline we see in our balances as a result of rates rising would be more than offset to or offset partially at least by new business coming in. And we have the room on the balance sheet to continue to do that.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, we took that stat out because and this came up a little bit at the Investor Day, and we agreed with the view that it just really wasn't a particularly worthwhile statistic it's a gross number not a net number. Our belief the way different people talk about it across the industry is very different relative to timing, relative to is it custody, is it fund accounting, middle office how you count it. And so our view so just wasn't a whole lot of value in it which we agreed with.
Michael Santomassimo: Hey, Alex, this is Mike. I think the impact on - you'll get a better sense from the other banks in terms of exactly what the impact they think it will have, but you would think that given the constraints they are all under now that you would see that have a positive impact on the repo market, which would then come back to us from a servicing perspective. To what extent, it's hard to know right now.
Michael Santomassimo: That's not something we disclose, but it's included in the clearance and collateral management line that you see in the disclosure.
Michael Santomassimo: As you noted, we're pretty much on the bottom of that range as we speak and so if rates continue the way - to increase the way the market expects, we would be getting into that range as we go out through the rest of the year. And as you know, there is a lot of dynamics that sort of play into exactly what the NIM will be in terms of deposit mix the level and rates as you mentioned, but we would expect to begin to get into that range as we go up through the rest of the year.
Michael Santomassimo: And just keep in mind with the business there are different things that go into the revenue flow, the core custody, core fee based business, obviously is impacted by the level of the markets. Wins and losses, it's a slow steady set of changes that happen based on what the trends on wins and losses. So you are not going to see dramatic shifts there. And so one client coming on doesn't materially change the number in a quarter, but it just gives you a point of view of what we're seeing in terms of wins and losses.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, good number of the clients from JPMorgan have been converted already. But it's a few of the bigger ones are coming in between now and the end of the year.
Michael Santomassimo: Hey, Betsy, its Mike. So on the first part on the volatility question. So, in the first quarter some of the volatility did impact and helped some of the volumes that we saw particularly in Pershing as Charlie sort of noted in terms of having one of our peak days in that business. So, in some ways volatility will be helpful right, but there could be negative effects of that as well depending on how that impacts the overall market. So we'll see. I think on the second part of your question, in terms of how we're positioned vis-à-vis LIBOR, we are weighted more towards - we have more LIBOR based assets - short-term LIBOR based assets than we do liabilities. So as LIBOR starts to move up, whether it's one or three month it is sort of helpful for us relative to how we are positioned.
Michael Santomassimo: Hey, Ken, its Mike, thanks for the question. In the Corporate Trust business Charlie sort of highlighted a little bit in his remarks, but we have seen some green shoots of organic growth there in the quarter. And so as Charlie mentioned that's a good positive trend that we're sort of hoping to build upon. I think on the DR space, we'll see sort of how it goes, I think there's a lots of seasonality in those numbers and a lots of timing around when certain corporate actions and other activities are happening in that business. We're hopeful that we'll continue to have - manage it as best we can and we still have a very strong market share in that business and continue to sort of win our fair share things that come to the market. But it can move around quite a bit quarter-to-quarter.
Michael Santomassimo: Hey, Brennan, its Mike, as we said a number of times over the last year or so we would expect that betas continue to increase as rates increase right and sort of that's what you see happening. It's largely happening as we expected across the different businesses. And again you saw - you got the full impact of a rate rise in December in those numbers and you got a little piece of one in March as well. And so I think you can kind of read into the numbers and see what you think sort of the average beta is there and you're probably not that far off.
Michael Santomassimo: Okay. And I'll just add one thing, so as we said a number of times too that the decline you see in consulting, we had at this time last year where we are still working on sort of the resolution plan. And so a big chunk of that decline was related to that activity that we're working on last year. But Charlie is right, there is a - there maybe a little bit of a pause in the short run, but in the U.S. where there is plenty of efforts that's going into a number of initiatives across the globe…
Michael Santomassimo: The only thing I would add is again it was a very good quarter relatively to asset values or the impacts in volatility on us and rates. And so we were clearly beneficiaries of that. It was an important driver as we've said in our comments of the results. We also had significant balance growth that we saw. So as we look forward to the next quarter, sitting here today it's not as strong as it was, but on a year-over-year basis still should look - I would say we still good about what we're going to say.
Michael Santomassimo: I mean, Geoffrey, I think, let me clarify. So at Investor Day, we said the expenses would be up 4% to 5% in the quarter and they're up 4%. So they're about right where we expected them to be.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, there is no single like big things that's driving in. As Charlie mentioned a couple of times this morning, we are very focused on looking at like the whole place and making sure that we're being as efficient and effective in sort of spending as we can. And so little singles and doubles sort of add up overtime. And so we're focused on all of it, but there is no single thing to point to.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, we're not going to give you a number for the full year, but as we said, a bunch of different ways. We're coming in every day focused on making sure that we're doing the best we can to keep the expense base where it needs to be, while making the investments we need to make.
Michael Santomassimo: Well, I think what we're kind of calling out is what we mentioned in March as well, at Investor Day is that we saw higher balanced in Jan and Feb, January and February than we thought we would see. So now balances are sort of back down about where we thought they would be. And there is no single driver of that it sort of normalized to where we expect it.
Michael Santomassimo: It was a very minor repositioning that we're able to do due to the adoption of a new accounting standard that allowed us to reclassify some of our HTM bonds. So very minor in the scheme of the portfolio.
Charles Scharf: Yes, so as you sort of look at the asset servicing line back in the supplement, it's up 10% year-over-year as you sort of noted Brian. So, again as you sort of think about the drivers of that, very consistent with what we talk about in general about what's happening. So the market levels and currency sort of helped aid that as well as growth in our collateral businesses and then organic sort of flows into our existing client portfolios. So - and then there is a little bit of seasonality that you see in the first quarter, as you look at the sequential results from a few items, but for the most part you're seeing the same drivers that we talk about in general across the firm.
Charles Scharf: And I think as you think about the new business wins. We feel if we were to report a number, it would be pretty consistent with what we've seen over the last number of quarters. I mean it was a little outsized at the end of last year, but otherwise if you looked at the average across the previous quarters, it's pretty similar. And the pipeline still feels good.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I'm not going to give you a forecast on expenses beyond what we said at Investor Day, but what you saw this quarter was very consistent with our points of view on what we think we can produce. And so this quarter includes a fair amount of the additional technology investments not all of it we will be growing throughout the year. But we're very, very focused on continuing to build and increasing the operating margin, which means we should continue to see a tight control on expense. What that means for the actual number, again away from the effect of currency, we're focused on it. And so I think everything I said there will continue to play out throughout the year.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I'm not going to talk about that that's not something we're going to talk about at every single quarter. We did that, investors to just give you a sense of the way we look at it internally. And what we are focused on driving. I think, but when you look at some of the results that we see whether it's security lending loans, what we saw on FX, what you see the levels of AUCA. And just our comments on growing the underlying client base and franchise. I think directionally what you see across the businesses is headed in the right direction. And I guess, the last thing that I would say is when we went through Investor Day was just was very interesting experience quite frankly to watch people's reactions to us being very open and honest in disclosing things that I don't think that anyone else has disclosed in the business. So that again you have the lens into how we're thinking about it, which from our perspective is a positive because we're focused on the things that we wanted to do better at and think we can do better. So overall, you'll see it in the actual operating metrics over a period of times. So directionally in the businesses which have more quicker paybacks, a series of the markets related businesses, liquidity and security lending, you saw franchise growth. And we're focused on delivering it in the other businesses, which have longer lead times as well.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I think directionally it's fair to say that there was higher organic revenue growth than we've seen in the past. We're not pounding our chests that we've declared victory here. I mean this is the very beginning. And as I said, most - the important parts of our business Corporate Trust, asset servicing, continuing to build stronger flows in our asset management business, client assets in the wealth management those take time to build. And you are not going to see big movements several months into a process here, but directionally we do feel very good about it.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I think obviously - I presume everyone understands what Zelle is, which is the group that is owned by a series of the banks that are building out the capabilities to leverage real-time payments network. In order to participate in those capabilities, the institutions have to do a fair amount of work to integrate their technologies with those platforms. Not every bank wants to do that, and not every bank actually controls their own capabilities because some of its outsourced. Many of those banks are clients of ours in our Treasury Services business. So we have the ability to step in and provide a series of those services to help them get access to those networks. The real question over a period of time relative to what those capabilities mean is, will banks and others build out solutions that access the capabilities of these real-time networks, so that product offerings become more attractive versus using ACH and other methods of payment today, that's something we and other financial institutions are very focused on that will take - that's not weeks or months that will evolve over the next couple of years. But those capabilities are better than what exist in the marketplace and we're - let's think of us as a facilitator for the financial institutions that don't have the infrastructure or can't spend on it to do their own direct integrations.
Charles Scharf: And there's no doubt, I mean, we talked last year about not winning several large deals, which I described and I think what we described that we're very conscious on our part. So you wind up with the lapping effects of those. And I think I'll just go back and stay on Corporate Trust for a second again we talked about this at Investor Day, when we say we're starting to see some these green shoots of growth just to be clear this is - we've - there is a very focused effort in Corporate Trust for us to - which we went through with new management place to understand why we weren't being as successful in the business as we think we could have been. And so we've made a series of changes there, I'd say we're extremely focused on the business and we see a very heightened focused on our coverage, on our sales efforts with our - some of our most important partners across the globe that actually help generate that business and we're working on and continuing to build our technology. So again it will hopefully, if we're as successful as we think we can be it will build overtime. But it's a very conscious effort, it's not just us watching what's going on in the marketplace and feeling good in good times and bad in bad times.
Charles Scharf: Yes, on the later part of the question first, euro is becoming non-negative I think would be helpful so that would be a positive impact. I think there is a high probability that the Bank of England raises rates shortly and so that will be sort of marginally positive. But the overall mix of the balance sheet hasn't changed much with still around 70% of it still in U.S. dollars with the remainder being outside of the U.S.
Charles Scharf: Let me take a stab Mike, and you tell me whether you agree, how is that? I think the answer is predominantly yes, but I'd just make a couple of comments on that. I think the very significant amounts that we spent on consulting for those specific things you talked about, for the most part we'll not continue at the levels that you've seen and you see the benefits of that running through our results. I will say and I've got just think like the newcomer, relative newcomer and I'm sure you all appreciate this, there is a hugely significant amount of regulatory expense embedded in the other lines that's just the reality of what the regulatory environment is today versus what it was years ago. So, we spend a tremendous amount on regulatory, it's just not specifically in the consulting line and that's not going to go down for what we see at this point and time. And we continue to spend a significant amount of money outside the U.S., specifically for GDPR and MiFID II inside Europe. So just think about it as it's a little bit of a reallocation from consulting to us doing a bunch of the work whether it's the headcount expense, technology expense and things like that.
Charles Scharf: No, I mean, there is nothing that would change sort of the normal seasonality that you see in lines like performance fees. The gain, we haven't disclosed the number, but the gain on CenterSquare is embedded in the numbers, it's not a material game changer or remover for the overall results. But it is in the number.
Charles Scharf: I think in the Asset Servicing business when you look at it in the earnings release, just keep in mind what's also in there is net interest revenue. And so, net interest revenue was as we mentioned a significant driver sort of the overall business results and I think that's true in asset servicing as well. You also have the impact of the market in FX and so forth. So just keep that in mind as you sort of look at that overall number. In terms of metrics to look at in terms of forecasting, I don't think there is anything necessarily new to sort of add to that conversation.
Charles Scharf: It's probably skewed somewhat towards investment services versus investment management. But that's not to say that there are significantly amount of opportunities for us that we're focused on to use technology in the Investment Management business, whether it's wealth management or in the asset management side. When it comes to the core we talked about the investments that we're making in infrastructure, I would say the majority of those comments relate to the Investment Services business and the work that we're doing there.
Charles Scharf: No, I think sitting here today I don't think anything is different than - I don't think we're thinking about it any differently than what we said at Investor Day relative to dividend.
Brennan Hawken: I am saying that it seems like what you said from the lead in from your preface that you think that betas probably could continue to see some upward pressure that's I was just clarifying that.
Brennan Hawken: Excellent, okay thanks. And then from my follow-up here, it looks like some really nice trends in consulting expenses it's my recollection, but I'm not 100% sure here that maybe some CCAR and regulatory expenses were flowing through that line. Are we finally reaching the point where we're getting some relief on regulatory expense front? Does that mean that - that would mean and imply to me at least that that's sustainable or should be given where everything that you guys have built up from a capabilities perspective plus be in the environment that we're in, is that really do you think that that's a fair conclusion to come to? Thanks.
Brennan Hawken: Yes, no for sure just we got to take our victories where we can on the regulatory spend front. Thanks a lot guys.
