Emily Portney: Sure. Good morning Jim. So, as you rightly point out, we've increased our NIR guide. We now expect NIR to grow in the low 20% range year-on-year. And really, the main things which have changed from a couple of weeks ago is that deposits haven't run off as fast as we had expected. Also, betas are coming in a bit lower than we had anticipated. And also now baked into that, our expectation is that, of course, we'll get some higher yields from cash held at central banks just given the pace of monetary policy. So, those are the main drivers that are in the outlook for the full year. And I would just obviously kind of caveat everything that there's a tremendous amount of uncertainty and it's pretty impressive at the time.
Emily Portney: So, what we've always said in terms of capital returns and specifically buybacks, that they would be dependent upon the trajectory for both AOCI as well as deposit levels, both of which were -- AOCI was a bit -- it deteriorated this quarter and deposits were a bit higher as I just suggested. It's still an incredibly uncertain environment. So, of course, we're going to continue to be cautious. We do expect deposit to decline. And so we are projecting that we'll be north of our internal targets, which, of course, for Tier 1 leverage is 5.5%, and we want to be north of our CET1 -- CET1 10% on a sustainable basis. And then it's about that time that we'll start to talk about and think about buyback activity. Having said that, as you all know, it's completely situational and very dependent upon the future outlook.
Emily Portney: It really depends by line of business. But, for example, when you think about Asset Servicing, it’s about 50%.
Emily Portney: So I was going to say, just to give a bit more color just in terms of unpacking that fee guidance because I think it's probably helpful. So when about now the year-on-year change of flat to slightly up, about 5% of that is coming from the abatement of waivers. That is more than offset, call it 5% to 6% from what I would call market factors, and that is market levels, as you just suggested. It's also currency as well as the impact of geopolitical factors. So for us, obviously, some of the impact made the loss that we took on Russia, and in Ukraine are just some CC business in that region. But then that is offset by organic growth, but still 50 odd – is expected to be between 50 basis points to 100 basis points. And really, we have very strong fundamentals across Asset Servicing, Treasury Services, CCM, and even in Pershing and Corporate Trust, which are lapping some lost business from last year, the fundamentals and the pipelines are strong.
Emily Portney: Sure. So what are we – there's a couple of things in there, so about deposits – so I mean about the betas in particular. So betas have been coming in a little bit better than we had anticipated, call it, 5% or 10%. Why that is? Certainly, our thinking is that, it's probably due to a couple of factors. Certainly, the sheer amount of liquidity that's in the system, the risk off behavior that you're seeing just based on the uncertainty. But also proactive management by us in terms of our deposit base and targeting operational deposits that we do want to retain, we still think that ultimately betas will retrace what we saw in the last cycle, although like I said, they're currently lagging what was actually anticipated. It's – we're seeing pretty much similar themes in both the US as well as Europe. What I would say is as the ECB gets to zero, that's probably the toughest place to be for us. And then as soon as they get negative, we expect betas to also kind of largely retrace what we saw in the last cycle. But that's basically what we're seeing and thinking.
Emily Portney: Yes, sure. So just a couple of things. The first thing I would just say is I just would step back for just a moment and just remind folks about the central role we play in terms of liquidity across the financial ecosystem. So we manage on any given day $1.2 trillion in liquidity across our sophisticated clients. So some of that, of course, is on balance sheet as we're talking about. But there's also a significant chunk of that off balance sheet. We offer a lot of off-balance sheet options, whether it's our own money market funds, third party market funds, a repo. The reason I say all that is just that as deposits move, we will also get some benefit and see some of that moving around the system based upon where we are in what I would call each hold the fact. So we can benefit from that and see all of that as cash moves around the system. But getting very specifically into your question on deposits and deposit balances, what I would say for this year, and then I'll talk about the landing point, for this year, assuming currently implied rates are realized, we would expect deposit -- average deposit balances to probably decline another 5% to 10% from where they were in the second quarter, and that was $311 billion. Just to give you some color, in June, they were at $305 billion. And on a spot basis, they're already below that. Some of that, of course, expected because of seasonally. Likewise, just a reminder, when you think about the components of our deposit base, we would expect most of that run-off to be in NIBs. And so we'd expect NIB to revert to about, call it, 20% to 25% of our total deposit base. They're currently about 30%. And then when you just think about the entirety of the cycle, when we're fully through the cycle and just putting it in perspective, so between the fourth quarter of 2019 and the fourth quarter of 2021, deposits increased by about $100 million. About 50% of that was NIBs. They are, of course, as we've always talked about, more rate-sensitive. And we would expect also, given the change in mix of our business, Treasury Services is a much bigger business, Asset Servicing likewise is a bigger business, so we think we'll be able to retain roughly two-third of that when it's all said and done.
Emily Portney: Sure. So there's a lot in there, Brennan, and so let me take a step back. So just when you think about the 5% to 5.5% upside for the year, it's kind of very much in line with what we've been talking about since the beginning of the year. Any benefit that we are getting from currency tailwinds is being more than offset by much more persistent inflation pressure. So if you just take that out of the equation, the 5% to 5.5% up is about 2% driven by higher revenue-related expenses. Think distribution expenses associated with the abatement of money market fee waivers, think clearing fees associated with higher volumes. And also in that number is higher onboarding costs associated with the strong pipeline that we're onboarding across various different businesses. And so the remainder really relates to investment net of efficiencies, as well as, what I would call normalizing costs as we return to the office, like T&E and occupancy, et cetera. And in terms of just kind of how we think about managing the cost base and when we think about the cost base in general, it's really three main categories that we talk about here. One is the revenue-related category. The other is the structural around the bank category. It's obviously difficult -- it's a little bit more difficult to move in the near term, and then there's the change the bank or investments, the discretionary category. As Rob and myself, Todd have all talked about before, we see a lot of compelling opportunities, very -- I mean, I'd say a lot, but we've been extraordinarily targeted in those opportunities, Pershing X, future of collateral, data analytics, et cetera, and we will stay the course on those investments. You don't just stop and start them based on the macroeconomic backdrop and they are important to the future of the firm. Having said that, there are areas of course, that we are pushing on and that we can hopefully accelerate from an efficiency perspective, things like eliminating bureaucracy, automating the manual processes that still we have across the firm, optimizing our real estate and geographic footprint, better scaling our vendor usage to get more buying power, reducing unnecessary temps and consultants, all of those sorts of things, and that could be meaningful in totality.
Emily Portney: Well, I mean, just to remind you, I mean, the environmental headwinds, meaning market levels and currency, have been an enormous headwind. So, I mean that's the challenge very much this year. Yes, it is fair to say that some of the cost base is just the normal upfront costs that we have in this industry for onboarding clients that you will actually see the fee revenue realized over 2023, 2024 and beyond.
Emily Portney: So, there are a couple of things in that question. So, when we think about -- I mean the to be installed and how the timing of the onboarding is obviously just very dependent upon the business unit you're talking about. But generally speaking, it's about a kind of six -- anywhere from a six-month to a 12-month onboarding kind of timeframe. And in terms of the -- kind of how we think about the profitability and the fees generated from the pipeline and in terms of ETF, , et cetera, Robin, if you want to--
Emily Portney: Yeah. No, of course. So in Issuer Services, ultimately, we had a better performance in DRs than we had originally anticipated and just strong dividend activity. Some of that is seasonal that you normally just see first quarter to second quarter. So that's really the driver.
Robin Vince: Sure. So this is -- if you just step back, this is a super interesting space in our industry. And I think about it as once upon a time there was paper everywhere, we had runners, we had markets closing and we had the rise of computing and we've had traditional ledgers for the past 50 years. And now we've got a great new technology in the form of blockchain and that gives us the opportunity to do new things. And we're excited about that. We think it's going to bring great opportunity to our business. You're right, there's an element of potential disruption risk and so we've got to be ahead of that. But we also see a lot of opportunity in everything that this brings to bear. And I'll just note that the amount of interest that we have from our clients in us helping them to navigate this landscape is really remarkable. That's demand from the institutional clients around looking after cryptos, which we view as interesting but not really the main core digital assets, to building various different capabilities across the digital asset life cycle, coins, tokenized assets and we've already cemented ourselves as a leader in the space, all the work that we've been doing for some of these stable coin providers, we've been doing our traditional business with them, looking after traditional assets as part of their stable coin portfolio. But in doing so, we've really inserted ourselves into the ecosystem and that gives us a great landscape. So there's a lot to do here. My view on this is it's going to be years and potentially decades for the full effects to be known, but we're in it and we're excited about it.
Robin Vince: This is a super long-term journey, Betsy. I think it's very hard to have a point of view. But if I zoom out, would I at the margin, it’s probably helpful longer term, but I'm going to emphasize super longer term on that, sure, it probably should be, because I think some of the inefficiency of post-trade processes, you can squeeze more of that out with some of these new technologies. And as was the case in the handover I'm sure from paper to original computer ledges. But this is going to be a while in the making. And, of course, we are going to have to invest to get us from A to B on this thing.
Robin Vince: Sure. So I think about this pretty similarly to the way that Todd and Emily have described this before. It is largely for us, at least as we sit here today, Gerard, an opportunity to acquire capabilities. As you can imagine, a large and transformational sort of transaction is not very high on my list of priorities right now. I'm much more focused on the organic growth, the opportunities that we have across the franchise and also just really driving the operating effectiveness of the company. But as you saw last year, we made an acquisition in the form of optimal asset management, which set us a little bit along on our journey on Pershing X. We made an acquisition in the form of Milestone, which was helpful and accretive to our business broadly in Asset Servicing. And so we're going to continue to be on the lookout for those types of things. But as with anything in the M&A space, there's a high bar.
Robin Vince: So yes, it's a great question, Mike. And it's one -- it's something that I'm really very enthusiastic about as a firm. One of the benefits of having spent a lot of time really talking to clients over the course of the past four months and having worked across and really spent time with employees at all levels, up and down the company, internationally, it has really been to be able to get into this particular opportunity that I highlighted that you just referenced. And I feel we've got a few things that are really going for us. So number one, we've got this real differentiated trust from our clients. And so there's a will to do more business with us. And actually, I get questions from clients that ask me that they want to do more business with us and they're not sure how to do more business with us. And so that, frankly, is a pretty differentiated situation to be in and I view that as a real advantage. Second, we have a large set of related and interconnected businesses. So it's not like we're trying to sell completely different products to people where it's a real reach. These are adjacent business lines. So it's collateral talking about margin. It's collateral talking about Treasury Services. Treasury Services for wealth clients. Foreign exchange for Treasury Services clients. It's real adjacent things. And so there's that opportunity as a result of the nature of the businesses we're in. And then third, it's actually the culture of the people. We have people here at BNY Mellon who are client first, firm second, self third. That is a very powerful cultural attribute. And I intend to mine that and the other two things. And I'll just give you one example, because I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, but I think it's a great example, which is Pershing and Asset Servicing came together over the course of the past few months to provide this new capability for this large government client that I referred to which has a significant addressable market for us. But the interesting thing, although the revenue, hopefully, will be interesting, the really interesting thing there is how they came together. And I think it is different than maybe the way it would have been a few years ago. So I'm optimistic about this and we'll keep talking to you about it. We call it ONE BNY Mellon, and I'll be pleased to give you updates along the way.
Robin Vince: Well, I'm not naive. So, of course, financial compensation comes into it, but on that hierarchy of client first, firm second, self third, the compensation bit, while important was, in fact, third on that list and people take a lot of pride associated with these cells and rallying around to deliver the firm for clients. And so we're going to do all of the above, leverage the pride of our institution, America's oldest bank, the fact that we have this incredible connectivity with our franchise and, of course, we'll align appropriately the rewards, both financial and non-financial to achieve those objectives.
Robin Vince: Yes, I would say that we are very focused on the net margin contribution of new business that we're bringing on. We have a rigorous process to look at that. As you look at the overall margin of the business, I think we're a bit victim of, and that was choices at the time, a business that was onboarded that wasn't always at the appropriate margin. And so we're being very scrupulous about that as we look at the business coming in today.
Robin Vince: Sure. So let me start, Brian, with Pershing X. And so we're very pleased with the progress that we've made. Initially onboarded in the second half of last year, as you know, it just crossed the nine-month mark. We've rounded out the management team. We acquired Optimal Asset Management. We actually integrated our Albridge business into Pershing X as well, which has been quite helpful because it's quickly augmented the number of engineers, an extra 150 engineers into the mix. And so we've had hands on keyboards writing code for the past three months on that. We feel we're very much on track. And we're expecting to launch a very early minimum viable product with a very small select group of clients by the end of the year on the business, which will be helpful. And we've been taking a lot of client advice along the way and have had a lot of client engagement, which is helpful not only to make sure that we're building exactly what clients want, which, as you know, is the origin of the product, but also, of course, helps us with the early presale of the whole conversation. So we're excited about the direction of travel. I'll reiterate my prior point on the revenue though, which is we don't expect to have a meaningful drop to the bottom line on this thing, I said at the time, for a couple of years. That was a quarter ago. So we're still on that same track, notwithstanding, the fact that we're going to be starting testing the MVP at the end of the year. And it's a multiyear endeavor for us and we remain excited about it. In terms of organic growth, more broadly, I will say that that comes in a couple of different forms. Of course, we've got the interesting initiatives like Pershing X, like our investment in RTP. We've also got it in the form of the margin walk that we've walked you through before in Asset Servicing, which includes top line activity as well as the bottom line as we do all of that. But – so we've got all of those initiatives, those contribute to organic growth. But we also think that, to my conversation earlier on about One BNY Mellon, that there is blocking and tackling which isn't necessarily glamorous, but it's important under the hood to make sure that we really are introducing all of our clients' store of the products and capabilities and platforms of BNY Mellon. And I'm excited that that's going to contribute growth as well over time. Not in a position to give you a number today, but I think it will be part of the equation.
Robin Vince: Well, thank you very much, operator. And thank you, everyone, for your interest in BNY Mellon. I know it's a very crowded morning today, so we appreciate you dialing in. If you have any follow-up questions, please do reach out to Marius and the IR team. But let me just say be well and enjoy your summer as we finish up. Thank you.
