Robin Vince: Look, I would say in terms of transitory, not really, but let me just go through a few of the drivers. So remember that it's a business that like several of the businesses we have, respond to volumes and it was an active quarter when it comes to trading volumes in the US Treasury market. Now for better or for worse, US Treasuries is kind of a growth business and so that's probably a bit more of a secular tailwind, as opposed to something cyclical. And then remember under the hood in Clearance and Collateral Management, we've also been investing in the operating model of that business as we talked about in our prepared remarks and took something that was very, very adjacent to our Clearing business from Pershing institutional clearing and aligned it with the rest of our clearing -- bigger clearing business in Clearance and Collateral Management. And what we're finding now in those conversations with customers, it's a much cleaner conversation because we've got the ability to deliver all the solutions in our clearing business whether it's US Treasuries, whether it's international, whether it's the different models of clearing that we offer we're able to deliver that in one conversation with a client, and clients are responding to that. So I would call that secular as well.
Robin Vince: Sure, hi Betsy. First of all, it's great to have you on the call. Really glad to have you back and to know that you're doing well.
Robin Vince: So on the AI, I'll start with the sort of the latter part of your question, which is I really don't think this is a 2024 story. Of course, we're doing things in 2024. But if you ask me to try to put a pin in where the real benefits and sort of tailwinds kick in, I'm actually going to say it's not even necessarily a 2025 story, although maybe we'll see a little bit in ‘25. I think this is a ‘26 and on out benefit on the expense line. But let me go back to the sort of the premise of your question and just sort of briefly mention how we're embracing it, so I'll put it actually through the three pillars that we've laid out in terms of -- the guiding so much of what we're doing in the company. So first, being more for our clients, we think there are solutions out there for clients that are going to help them make better decisions, see risks, be able to be more efficient themselves. We've got software in market today doing that with predictive trade analytics around fails and settlements, allowing clients to be able to look out and to see and take evasive action essentially on potential fails. And by the way, some of those actions involve using other parts of the BNY Mellon platforms in order to be able to improve their businesses. And so that's an interesting example and there are going to be a lot more of those. Under the heading of running our company better this is going to be about streamlining business processes, productivity, figuring out and seeing anomalies that we can see, code assistant, as so many people talk about for our developers. I was walking around one of our buildings the other day, talking to one of our developers. They've been out of school for a year and change and already they think that 25% more productive as a developer and that's in the very early days of using GitHub Copilot. So that's going to be -- there's going to be more there -- and that ultimately is going to create efficiencies for us. And then under the culture heading, which is very important, we want AI to empower our people to be able to go out and be able to be more efficient in terms of what they're doing. And there are any number of different examples of things over time that we think AI is going to be able to help with us. Now importantly in this -- is the way in which we're doing it. Both Dermot and I talked about platforms and another concept in our platform strategy is to create these hubs, these centers of excellence. And in AI that's particularly important. We do not want to repeat the problems we've had in the past of having everyone go off in their own direction. And actually in AI, it's particularly important because problem statements that sound different can in fact have very common root causes. So you might want to be able to respond to an RFP. You might want to generate summaries of documents. You might want to be able to get a head start on a research report. But actually, when you look under the heading, those three things sound different. But the AI that's actually powering them, some of the -- sort of mini platforms that are required are very, very similar. So we're using our AI hub to collect these different use cases and then be able to sort of deliver solutions and many AI platforms that can then be used in multiple places around the company. So we're excited about this. We think it's going to be very significant over time, but it's not a 2024 story.
Robin Vince: Yeah, so it's economically it's net neutral for the firm. It's just a gross up in revenue which will show up in the interest and other revenue line and then the offset to that is in the tax line. And we filed an 8-K, a couple of weeks ago where we restated all the prior periods for comparison so that people will see it on a consistent basis going forward.
Robin Vince: So the punch line is we're making good progress, but you're essentially asking a cultural question and we're not done on that. So when we did, to go back to your point, when we did our original strategy reviews, which is 18 months or so ago now, and took us a few months to go through, we were really focused on answering the questions of what are we doing, are we doing the right things, how are we doing them, are we doing them in the right way, do we have the right people doing them, and so we looked at that and we certainly found bits of the company that were just in the wrong place and so we've lifted those bits up and we put them in what we now think of the right place so that's what both Dermot and I talked about in our prepared remarks and that was what some of the restatement of prior periods so that you could make the easier comparisons there was about. That was basic blocking and tackling but the bigger opportunity for sure is how the businesses work together, not only to be more for clients by saying, hey, that client over there is a client, but they're not my client in my business, can we work together to basically make them a client of both businesses? That's very significant. That's where we talk about maturing One BNY Mellon into the real heart of a new commercial coverage model and that's being driven by our Chief Commercial Officer. Another part of this is saying, there are things that we used to think of as standalone capabilities, some might call them products, we think about them as client platforms. And in fact, what the client is asking for, and we really heard this when we did our voice of client survey, they don't want these individual products, they want us to take them and weave them together to create solutions for them that are on point to their needs. And so we've also started to do that, and I mentioned some examples of that, and that's a very powerful thing because that takes the breadth of our company, and rather than it being siloed, which is getting in the way of solutions, it's now actually ending up being the opportunity for us to deliver from the breadth of our platforms to our clients with solutions that frankly some other people aren't going to be able to do. So that's we think very exciting and in those journeys, we're still relatively early and that is cultural and we've been doing a lot of things internally in the firm to make sure that our people are lined up behind that. It's early days, but we're quite excited about the direction of travel.
Robin Vince: And Brennan, I just add on the business front to that, which is remember that when we look at a deconversion, for sure those happen, and the one that you're referring to, the original one was a larger one. But we're also growing with our clients. Our clients are growing with us and we also are on the receiving end of roll-ups as well. Our clients are quite acquisitive and we have a couple of clients who've been doing acquisitions and we have some of our largest clients who are growing very significantly and very healthily. So it's always unfortunate when there's a roll-up that goes against us, but when there are roll-ups that go with our clients, those things balance out to some extent which is why Dermot makes the point about overall, we still feel quite enthusiastic about the net new assets growth over time.
Robin Vince: And Mike there was nothing idiosyncratic about trade-offs to the other part of your question. I don't see the quarter built around that at all.
Robin Vince: Sure, so this is a question that we talked a little bit about last year and I said at the time that we think, and I'll underline the word think, that the business really can complement the strategy of the firm, but we had more work to do and that -- that was a thesis and we needed to put in place the various different steps to really be able to operationalize and make the most of that. And that's what we've been working on over the course of the past few months. The basic thesis is we think there's a strong industrial logic to have $2 trillion worth of manufacturing platform aligned to BNY Mellon's $3 trillion worth of retail distribution capacity, if you look across wealth and Pershing together. Pershing alone having [$2.5 trillion] (ph) plus of client assets on the platform. And so if you only operated in a silo in investment management where it was manufacturing and only its own distribution, there's a legitimate question there about whether or not it would have the scale and the capacity to be able to truly compete but when you put it together with the rest of the company we think there's a pretty compelling thesis there. And so we don't think we've properly capitalized on those benefits in the past and so our strategy is let's -- let investment management stretch its legs in that new approach. And we see some early signs of progress on that. We've been joining some dots. I mentioned a couple of things in my prepared remarks, both in terms of us having a broader distribution platform that actually can attract other investment managers who maybe don't have the benefit of our distribution and they want to come join our platform rounding out our offerings and essentially making our distribution platform more complete but also being attractive to them, so they don't have to build their own. If you will, they're building their business on one of our platforms. And so we've given you our targets. We want to be able to expand the pre-tax margin in the business to over 25%. It's not for nothing that we didn't grow expenses in that segment or in security services for that matter because we're really focused on the margin in those businesses and we have had some growth. And so this is about really working that set of opportunities and we'll see over the coming quarters how we do. But this quarter was one where we felt, we took an important step forward.
Robin Vince: So T+1 , sure we had to for sure spend money in different parts of the company in order to be able to ready ourselves for this. We view that as frankly ordinary course of business. There's always some market structure change going on in the world that we have to respond to. So while they may be individually lumpy, there's always something. So we just think about that as part of the expense of running the company and not something that will yield a particular benefit when we happen to have finished the work. Now, I do think that T+1 overall provides benefits to the financial system, improvements in efficiency, some risk reduction. I would say to the second part of your question that more of that probably accrues to our clients because we're not as big a principal player there. It can improve liquidity and capital requirements in the fullness of time. The industry's come a long way. You know, it wasn't that long ago that we're at T+5, T+3 sort of moving down the curve. And I will also say from an opportunity point of view, not only do clients look to us to help them navigate these types of things because they're complicated and detailed, and they want us to essentially help them in executing this type of change, and that's exactly what we've been doing. But we also think that there are just opportunities associated with these sorts of inflections, because clients look at us and it does sometimes cause the question to be raised of another big change in the post-trade landscape life's too short I'm an investment manager or I'm broker dealer or I want to go about the core of my business, I don't have to worry about that stuff as much as I currently do. BNY Mellon, can you help us? Can you help us and maybe there's a platform sale opportunity there for a little bit more outsourcing? Because if the world makes these changes, speeds up, gets more complicated, more change management, we of course have the benefit of scale, we get to change once and we get to take some of those problems off their hands. So I'd call that out when it comes to real-time payments, I'd call it out in T plus 1, I'd call it out in clearing. Each time these things happen, we look at it through a lens of opportunity as well as a lens of client service but overall also just good for the market nothing good happens between trading and settlement as is often said.
Robin Vince: and Gerard I just add to that for the more general view which is I think the answer to what happens in corporate real estate, clearly it depends which markets you're involved in. There are some markets around the country that are more distressed than others. It continues to be focused on office, as you know, although there are certainly some questions on multi-family, but the fact that we're sort of still short housing in the US, as a general matter is probably, ultimately going to be helpful to that story. The most single most important driver of it, as we sit here today, is where are longer-term rates? And so there's so much chatter about what's going to happen in fed funds. Is the fed going to cut? Are they going to stay? Are they going to hike a little bit? But what really matters is where's the curve from five years to 10 years? And as that backs up to the extent that we cross 5%, you get very different outcomes on commercial real estate than you do at 10 years or at 4%. And if they ended up, for some reason, not our base case, but it's possible, you've got to plan for it. If they end up at 6%, then for some folks in the market, that's going to be a much more painful outcome. So I think you watch -- so goes the [10 year] to some extent, so goes the commercial real estate market. Because this is a ‘24 a little bit, but really ‘25 refinancing story.
Robin Vince: Okay. Let me just start with the platforms operating model. So ultimately, if you just go back to why are we doing -- what it is that we're doing, we've been pretty siloed as a company as we've talked about before. We think that's a bad artifact, at least it's a bad artifact for a company like us, which is inherently a scale platforms provider. It's kind of the nature of our business, diversified many different platforms but largely at scale. And so to have the separation of all of these pieces that are in support of that and in some cases, duplication, it just -- in our opinion wasn't the right way to run the company. So what is platform’s Operating Model going to do? It's going to simplify how we work, it's going to improve the client experience, and it's going to create more empowerment for our employees. It's an opportunity to do things in one place, do them well and elevate the quality of overall execution. And so with that said, it sort of hits on the expense line, as a benefit and it hits on the revenue line as well. And we've done, remember we did a bunch of studies for this before we embarked on it because pretty significant change. We also did some pilots and to some extent we've even built new businesses using this operating rhythm because we built Wove in that way and that wasn't entirely by accident. So we've had some experience associated with all of that and we feel pretty good therefore that we are going to get expense savings and revenue opportunities associated with it. We also think that from a cultural point of view, it's just an opportunity for our people because we think our people, and this is certainly what the data so far has shown, they just feel more empowered working in the model. They can see a problem, they can get on it more quickly, they're more empowered to pull the levers to create change, and they no longer feel that maybe that they're part of a long chain of a bureaucracy to make change. On the efficiency opportunity thing, the thing I would add in answer to your question from what Dermot said earlier on, is just to reinforce that there are short, medium and long-term opportunities for efficiencies and we've talked about it this way for a while now. As Dermot said, we had to bend the cost curve last year. We thought it was very important, so we took a bunch of slightly tactical but nonetheless important and decisive changes. We also laid the groundwork for some medium-term saves. We talked about project catalysts, 1500 ideas, sourced from our employees, essentially delivering savings in ’23, in ‘24, and ‘25. And then we've got things that are longer-term, like the platform's operating model, which are fundamentally changing the ways that people actually work. That's a longer term opportunity. Probably get a little bit of benefit from that from ‘24, but ‘25 and ‘26 are places where we'll probably see a bit more of that. And then in answer to Betsy's question from earlier on, we've been investing in AI. Now that's definitely not a ‘24 story for benefits, maybe not even ‘25, but a ‘26 and beyond story. So we're layering in these different opportunities, recognizing that we wanted to take swift action, but then we also feel that we're laying the seeds for future efficiencies over time.
Robin Vince: Yeah, this was, I'll take this one. This was always going to be a medium-term thing. As we've told you, we sort of have this capability in-house. It's a great example of platform thinking. It was captive in one bit of the company, only looking internally. We essentially made it fit for external use as well. We onboarded, as we told you last quarter, a large client onto that platform, and that's been going very well. I have a lot of conversations with clients about how they could consider part of their trading desks to be outsourced. Sometimes it's all of it. Sometimes it's a region or a product that somebody wants to essentially say, hey, I'm not at scale. You're at scale. You're executing a $1 trillion worth of volumes. Can I rent that capability from you, essentially? We think there's a large addressable market here, but it's going to be, this is a longer sell process. The sale cycle of this takes longer. It's definitely a C-suite conversation, but we continue to be cautiously optimistic about this over time.
Robin Vince: Thanks, Ken. I would say very much the latter. And when you look at the overall portfolio, you think of cash and securities together. And it was really the CIO team just optimizing yield and deploying cash where they see the opportunities.
Robin Vince: Well, the question, Mike, was more general in nature. It wasn't really applying to us. Dermot talked a little bit about us in particular on commercial real estate, but I think the question that was being asked was just using our vantage point, I think it was from Gerard, just using our vantage point in the world because we're not particularly invested in the space. What do we see in the world, maybe as a slightly less conflicted observer? And so I was just giving my perspective on it.
Robin Vince: Sure, so at the end of the day, as you look at the various different owners of commercial real estate who have refinancings and they're looking at their own occupancy level, they're looking at their own maturity of their own debt stack, and they need to go out and they need to find refinancing, of course, as you know better than anybody, when their debt stack starts to come due. That isn't a Fed funds type of refinancing because they're not for funding of very short dates. And most of them, for understandable reasons, like to lock in funding as well. So they're looking further out the curve, it's not precisely at the 10 year point but my point really is the risk to refinancing in the commercial real estate space is very correlated to the shape of the treasury curve overall. Clearly credit spreads matter as well, but it's a different proposition when you have the longer, call it 10 years, but it's probably a little inside of that, part of the curve at 4% versus 5% versus 6%. That was the purpose of my observation.
Robin Vince: Thank you, operator. I'd just like to wrap up by thanking our employees for their hard work to unlock the tremendous opportunity inside of BNY Mellon. We started the year with great momentum, delivered very solid results in the first quarter, and the pace of change continues to pick up. And I want to thank our investors for their continued support. We appreciate your interest in BNY Mellon and thank you for your time today. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Marius and the IR team. Be well.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay, I'll take that one. Steven, good morning. So some of the capital increase, there are two parts to the RWA increase, one was a kind of temporary increase around quarter end, as it relates to discrete overdrafts in custody and securities clearing businesses. So that kind of come and gone. And then there was also -- there was strong demand for our agency securities lending program throughout the quarter and particularly leading up to quarter end and that's continued into this quarter. So I would say, half of it was that and half of it was temporary. As it relates to the buyback, I guess there's a little bit of a Groundhog Day here in terms of how we thought about a Q1 of last year versus how we're thinking about a Q1 of this year. Both quarters, we got off to a strong start. But look at there -- there's a lot of rate volatility out there in the market. You've seen the backup in rates last week with the hot inflation report. Last year it was the war in Ukraine, this year it's the geopolitics in the Middle East. And so we kind of gave a guidance in January where we said we were going to be 100% more of earnings throughout the year. We don't give quarter-by-quarter guidance. I would reiterate the guidance of 100% or more, notwithstanding the fact Q1 was very good at 138%. I wouldn't expect that pace to continue, but we'll take it quarter-by-quarter.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay, so the first point would be pre-tax margin for the Q1 there was around 13%. If you normalize that for typical seasonal volatility in terms of retirement eligible stock and such, like, if you back that out and adjust it, the margin would have been somewhere in the 16% zip code. So we feel pretty good about that. Still a ton of work to do. And I would say, it's not one thing over the other, it depends on which part of the business you're talking about. In some of our asset managers, we're investing, we're launching new products. Clients, in some places, continue to de-risk and move from more risk on equity to passive fixed income. But in other cases, we see clients coming in and AUM growing. We saw -- we were very pleased with the performance of our drive with cash management business in Q1, where we saw strong inflows and the performance of the business in terms of returns was -- first quarter, so we feel very good about that. So we are investing the business to give our clients good products to invest in. The flip side is, we still believe as it relates to running the company better and desiloing the firm and connecting asset management to the broader enterprise, there's a lot of opportunity there. And at the same time as the opportunity, it allows us to take costs out and become a lot more efficient. So I would say we're working both sides of us. We see more opportunity on the revenue side, and we're working the problem on the efficiency side.
Dermot McDonogh: So, as at the quarter end, Ebrahim, I think the spot number was around $310 billion of deposits. And that was largely, you may recall that quarter end this year fell on a good Friday where markets were closed. So we got a lot of clients putting cash in, so that they could make certain payments. And so we saw a kind of surge in deposits over the last few days of the quarter. And they've largely left the system now. We've returned to more normal levels, which is in the kind of high [270 range] (ph). So that's kind of really the explanation for the spot deposit balance versus the average trend. So sequentially, we're down 6% in the deposits, or NII, an 8% year-over-year. And we saw a 2% growth in the deposit balance, generally speaking. Our guide at the beginning of the year was down 10% and given the rate volatility and what's going on with the inflation report last week and the back-up in rates et cetera, et cetera, we don't see, you know, there's nothing that's causing us to think that we should change our guidance between now and the balance of the year. We're very neutrally positioned, as to whether rates go up a little bit from here or down a little bit from here. And we feel very good about the overall guidance that we gave in January, which was approximately down 10%.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay, thanks for the question. So the first thing I would say about Pershing in the context of the overall kind of the segment. With respect to Pershing, we continue to invest in Pershing. Pershing continues to grow. As we said since the deconversion was announced, we're going to earn our way out of this situation. That's what's happening. So -- we still as a business feel very good about Pershing and our ability -- it's a market that's growing in mid-single digits on an annual basis and we're a big player in that market. So we're going to win our shares. So while the deconversion was unfortunate, we continue to march on and we learn our way out. Specifically, I would say, we'll be largely done with the deconversion by Q3 of this year. And as it relates to the second part, I would say look we're in a competitive market, people are going to do things the LPL Atria thing it's not a particular headwind, it's not been highlighted to me, it's not hit my radar in terms of oh my gosh, we need to worry about that. And so I think we're winning more than we're losing and we're investing and that's really going well. And when you take it in the context of what's going on with Wove, we're building a strong pipeline there. The backlog is looking good. We've added nine clients to the platform in Q1 of this year, and we made a commitment to the market that we would kind of add $30 million to $40 million of revenue this year, and we still feel very good about that guidance and that commitment that we made to you back in January.
Dermot McDonogh: If I'm honest with you, I would say it's a little bit of both, but I would expect, like everybody expected deposits to decline this year, and it hasn't necessarily happened yet, And I kind of think -- I make that statement in the context of QT. And so if you look at the [RRP] (ph) in Q1, the drain largely came from there. And if QT continues and rates stay higher for longer, on balance I would expect deposits to decline from here. And so I don't see anything that tells me that I should update the guidance from down 10% NII year-over-year. And then underneath the hood, in terms of the composition of the deposits themselves, you have the mix between interest bearing and non-interest bearing. And as rates stay higher for longer, I would expect NIBs to grind a little bit lower. So the overall balance may be higher, but you have to mix underneath, which will kind of feed into that overall NII guidance. So it's not just the absolute level, it's also the composition of it.
Dermot McDonogh: Thanks for the question, Mike. So let's go with the fee component first. Q1 is kind of one of those quarters where we came into the year I guess both in deposits and in pipeline and sales activity in very good shape. As it relates to kind of asset servicing in particular, the pipeline was strong, we felt good coming into the year, markets rallied nicely. And so clients were in risk on mode, doing more with us. Flows were stronger. Balances are higher. And we're winning our share of mandates. Little factoids for like, of all the deals that we competed for in Q1, we won north of 50%. So we're competitive, we're pricing well, we're very focused on client profitability and deal margin and it goes back to the point that we made in several quarters prior to this where we're very focused on the cost to serve. And so by improving margin, focusing on cost to serve, being more for clients, we can be more competitive in the pricing point. And I made that remark, I made the point in my prepared remarks that we saw repricing being de-minimis. So it was a good quarter all around and we feel very good about the backlog and the pipeline going forward. As it relates to the mix between fees and deposits, you know, we don't lead with deposits as an institution. Clients do multiple things with us across the enterprise and as a consequence of that they leave deposits with us. You know, it's an important point but two-thirds of our deposits are operational in nature and therefore very sticky. But with a higher for longer rate environment, it's only natural to expect that people with NIBs are going to over time move out of that and look for a higher yield. It's inevitable and it's a fact of life and we're ready to deal with that but I'm very proud of what our global liquidity solutions team is doing in terms of winning their share of the business in terms of the deposits and how we price them and so sequentially, we've seen the balances go up because of that competitive pricing. So all-in-all, when you take the ecosystem together we feel very good about where we're at.
Dermot McDonogh: And Glenn on this specific point about headwinds as it relates to NII, I kind of look at the last two quarters together in terms of the strength of what we've done on NII and I feel overall we're in a good place. The balance sheet is very clean. Our CIO book is well positioned and kind of short duration and the CIO is doing a really good job at optimizing yield. And so when you see our securities that are maturing at the moment, they're rolling off at a 2% to 3% rate and then are being deployed at current market yields. So based on what I see today with the back-up in rates that happened last week as a result of the hot inflation report, we feel pretty good about where things are for the balance of the year just using that forward curve. As I said earlier, rates up a little, down a little, don't materially impact us. And so we feel like our base case is, we feel pretty good about it.
Dermot McDonogh: Thanks, Gerard. Again, it was a little bit of what I call the Good Friday effect, where clients use our overdraft facility mechanisms going into that weekend. And so that really caused the spot balances to go up and that's kind of largely cleaned out so has reverted more to the average numbers that you're familiar with.
Dermot McDonogh: So I would say, look, we're prudently marked in the commercial real estate portfolio. Overall, our CRE portfolio in the context of our overall balance sheet is quite small. 3% of total loans, $2 billion. And the reserve builds that we took in Q1 was really just kind of being prudent on a couple of specific situations that are coming up for restructuring. But I would let you know that they're all still paying and everything is working, and their class A office buildings. And we feel good about the occupancy. So I would say overall very, very clean and nothing that really has me unduly concerned. And look, there has been a lot of chatter in the market, in the press over the last quarter about what's going to happen. I'm sure the back-up in rates, hasn't really helped that chatter but like surveying other banks results so far this quarter I haven't really noticed any specific CRE bills on the back of what's been going on over the last couple of quarters, so it does feel like as a sentiment matter to be quite muted at the moment on the back of others earnings release, at least what I've observed.
Dermot McDonogh: So, thanks for the question. I was wondering when it was going to come. It's a multi-year journey, and look let's go back to last year and kind of go through it. And last year, we kind of ended up at 2.7% versus a guide of 4% versus a previous year of 8%. And this year, we've guided flat. And we started Q1 on an operating basis of 1%. You'll see that our head count -- we've largely, you know, give or take a few hundred people, it's largely flat and so the headcount is flat, we feel like we have our arms wrapped around that. There's a lot going under the hood in terms of bringing in -- like growing our analyst class, high-value location growth, et cetera, et cetera. So we see a lot of opportunity to continue to improve the efficiency story. Also, as we both said in our prepared remarks, the migration to a new way of working, the platform operating model over the next couple of years, we feel will not only help us grow top-line, but it will also just help us run the company better. And I think, it's quite important culturally that we don't really talk about efficiency internally. We talk about running our company better, which is very important strategically and also culturally. So I think you're going to see quarter-by-quarter proof points on how we're able to run the company better, which will result in efficiency, which will then in turn result in improved margin. So we feel very optimistic about what's coming.
Dermot McDonogh: So we did an authorization last year which was $5 billion. We have a little bit left in that. And so -- it's just more of an administration thing that we decided to get another authorization this year for $6 billion. That's largely open-ended. So I wouldn't really dwell on the size of the authorization that much. It's just more of what we commit to you doing on an annual basis. And the key thing for you to take away is we're committing to north of 100% this year.
Dermot McDonogh: And I would just, Brian, just to add on, I would just anchor you in a number. Like last year, when we grew expenses by 2.7%, we invested $0.5 billion in new initiatives within that 2.7%. And we're replicating that again this year. And so as somebody who's very close to the platform operating model strategy, the cultural point is when you walk the corridors of BNY Mellon now, you feel an energy and enthusiasm for our people, as Robin said, from embracing the model that hasn't been seen before. And it is a very, very exciting strategy that's going on at the firm.
Dermot McDonogh: Roughly, two years, give or take, yeah, but yeah, two years is the best number to give you on that one.
