Mike Santomassino: Yes. Hey, Brian, it’s Mike. So, on the first piece we didn’t disclose the exact number in the split between the two. I think you can get a pretty good sense of the magnitude of the severance by looking at the staff expense and the difference versus the third quarter. So that will probably give you a good sense of the magnitude there. The bigger piece by far was severance in the number. As you just sort of think about overall expenses, as both Todd and I mentioned, we would expect to invest even more this year than we did in 2019. And really it’s across a range of items both continuing to build out the infrastructure that is important for operating our businesses. We are building new capabilities and you are seeing some of those get announced and released even over the last couple of weeks. And then there is a large chunk of it’s going into sort of the efficiency agenda on the cost side as you have sort of suggested there. And I think working with Lester Owens, our Head of Operations, we have got a very long list of those programs that we are just clicking down the list and executing. And as you can imagine, benefits of those continue to come in the P&L over a period of time. So, we will get some of them in 2020 and we will get some of them as we sort of exit ‘20 into ‘21. And I will just sort of reinforce what Todd said in his remarks, you can see the benefits of those investments in efficiency agenda coming through the P&L already as we sort of increased the technology spend significantly in ‘19 and overall expenses are down and that’s a result of that focus.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. And I am just – yes, Brian, on our revenue stream we are not a commission-based revenue stream. And so most of the revenue that we see come through the clearing services fee line is not based on the number of transactions that are getting executed. It’s actually a very small piece of the puzzle there. So you won’t see the same correlation between transaction activity, revenue stream as you might in some of the online brokers.
Mike Santomassino: And I do think though Brennan, once we sort of get through the NIR stabilization, we feel very confident still sort of the model where little bit of revenue growth drives significant amount of earnings growth. And so we think that’s still – we feel very confident that, that still holds. And once NIR stabilize which as I mentioned we think under, I mean, the assumptions that I sort of gave you, we think that happens later this year, then you should start to see some of that coming back into the picture.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. And I think I will start with the last piece and so trying to make sure I hit all of the points. But as I said in my script, we have been sort of focused on this for a while now and that includes going after opportunities where there is non-interest bearing deposits. And part of the episodic activity that we saw in the fourth quarter, was very targeted activity that we go after related to escrow as an example where there were some significant sort of transactions there. It’s hard to predict when they are going to come and how they are going to come, but it’s an intentional act on our parts to go out and target those opportunities. As you sort of think about the path forward, I think the macro environment certainly should be helpful and we are encouraged by sort of the level of dialog and the activity we are seeing. And we will have to let it play out a little bit longer to sort of call a sustainable trend, I think.
Mike Santomassino: Yes, I think I’d echo what Todd said on the bigger priorities, but I think the good part is that each of the – we really do feel that each of the businesses still have some opportunity to grow. Some of them require bigger investments. Some of them require smaller investment. And so I think we are focused really on each of them to make sure we take advantage of those opportunities.
Mike Santomassino: Yes, look I think SLR, as you know, Betsy, is sort of one piece of the puzzle in terms of the rules that are sort of being discussed and contemplated. And so, I think we really do need to look at all of the rules that are still a work in process around stress capital buffer and all the related pieces of it before we have a complete picture on how we are going to optimize the capital stack.
Mike Santomassino: Well, for sponsored repo, that doesn’t have any impact on the size of our balance sheet. And so to take advantage of opportunities like that, we don’t need capital to do that. So I think we are going to look at all of the options to figure out what our opportunity is on the revenue side to sort of grow and keep the balance sheet where it is to grow the balance sheet and we are going to look at sort of our opportunities given sort of the new capital rules. And I think you will hear more from us on that as the CCAR and stress capital stuff comes into focus hopefully over the next few months.
Mike Santomassino: Yes, I think – most of it’s running through the P&L already, Alex. So look for 2019, so most of it’s kind of through P&L. So I think we are not – I don’t think we have given you the exact percentage increase that’s going to go up, but we are continuing to deliver consistent sort of efficiency gains as we go. And as you and I and others have sort of talked about over time like we still think there is a long road ahead of efficiencies that we can generate through these investments we are making sure we feel pretty confident that we are going to get out those over the next couple of years.
Mike Santomassino: Well, then you also had a question around market and I think one of the things to keep in mind, we have a fairly substantial exposure to the UK where they were – I mean, the currency impacts and the equity impacts are a little bit different than it would have been domestically. So that’s one thing I would throw in there. In terms of the cash, I would say that’s a little disappointing and I think we need to work to do a little better there.
Mike Santomassino: Sure. We have been building on a number of partnerships over the past 6 to 9 months. And I would say they are really coming in two flavors. The first it where it is one of the ones that you are referring to is where we have connected with some of the leading order management systems, Aladdin, Bloomberg and SimCorp. Many of our mutual clients already have signed up and many are in the process of signing up. So, we got a very high success rate where we have got common clients. The other thing to that is doing for us is opening doors for other conversations where we see our clients able to gain efficiencies because of this. So, I think it’s got – right now the benefits that we are seeing is its initiating discussions, opening doors and giving us more opportunities to bid on new business. And secondly it’s strengthening the relationships with the businesses that we have already got, because it is integrated, it is single sign-on, the client is able to look it down into their custody activities, it’s near real-time, it’s – I think there is the real benefit to our clients here that are paying off. And I mentioned that they are really as we think through the partnerships, they are really coming in two flavors. The other type is everything that we are doing with fin-techs. And so we have announced quite a few, just this week we announced one where we are working with the fin-tech to provide independent alternative NAVs for funds. So this provides both an oversight function as well as – and enhances the control and in addition it serves as a contingency if there were a problem in construction of the NAV. So we have partnered with them. Some of our clients have actually looked to use them, but they found the implementation would have been too difficult. And so by partnering with them, implementing we are gaining scale from doing that as well as it’s providing as a service rather than just as a piece of software. So we are pretty excited that’s already attracted quite a bit of attention this week.
Mike Santomassino: Hey, Vivek, it’s Mike. I think Todd highlighted a little bit about in his script where we are as focused about driving efficiency in our technology spend as we are anywhere else in the company and we reduced the number of apps by 10% and there is another 10% coming, so over 20% reduction of our apps. And as we sort of make these investments in the underlying infrastructure and application, it makes the next set of investments we want to make that much more efficient, cheaper, faster and so it’s something you are already seeing in the spend that we are making.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. Look, we haven’t given you a view on go-forward operating margins, Vivek. But as I said earlier, I think as we sort of get through the short-term – medium-term on net interest revenue we do feel confident that the model still holds where we will be able to deliver for a little bit of revenue growth, a pretty significant amount of earnings growth then and I think that implies expansion in operating margin at that point. So I think I would just sort of model that way. I think the guide we gave you a while ago now at Investor Day a couple of years ago is probably a good sense – still a good way to think about it still.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. The Fed reduced rates and the September – the peak in reverse repo spreads in September didn’t happen again, those two drivers.
Mike Santomassino: Yes. Mike, I am not – I think that – I am not sure that’s the right way to think about it, not all modern apps are web-based apps, but I think you should assume that many of the tools that our folks are using are continually – are always getting better and we are always investing in those and that gets – we have every weekend of the year, there is something that’s being rolled out across our product suite to either internal folks or external folks and that improves the way they work. So, we have...
Mike Santomassino: Yes. I mean, look Mike, I think the way we think about the tech spend is it’s not we are shooting to spend a certain number. What we are doing each year is looking at how much can we actually execute, what are the business cases, how do we think about like the return we are going to get on them. And most importantly like can we successfully sort of execute it and we have people in place to do it. I think that’s driving – and that’s going to be the constraint that we have got in most years is making sure that we can execute it well. And I think right now we feel it’s important to continue to make those investments, because that’s what’s going to differentiate us going forward. And keeping in mind that we have got to deliver bottom line – on the bottom line as well and so we are trying to find the balance there to make sure that we are doing the right thing by all of our stakeholders. And so that’s the way we sort of go about how much we are going to spend in any given year.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. I will take some of it. In terms of the – why don’t I take the second piece? In terms of the industry consolidation and how we kind of look at that, I mean we are a little different, because Pershing is more B2B and we serve broker dealers and corporate RIAs. And we have also kind of differentiated ourselves, because we provided choice whether that’s related to the open investment platform that we have got or the ability to integrate best-in-class kind of front office system. So our clients have the choice as far as that goes and I think that will in the long-term be the preference. Right now, the desire for choice seems to make it more of an opportunity. What I mean by that is just the consolidation. Probably as we look at it, it makes it more of an opportunity. There is a lot of interest in alternative providers and that just puts us in a better position. As to the revenue growth, I think we are seeing some pretty decent positive there as we have won some meaningful new business that we are implementing. Mike, I don’t know if you have any...
Todd Gibbons: And we have got a pretty strong pipeline there. We continue to win new business. We are differentiated on the institutional side with some of our capabilities and we are investing on the advisor side both in the sales as well as the sales team, the branding as well as the technology that we are deploying. So, we feel pretty good about the business.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. Thanks Brennan. I will take the start of that and then Mike can provide a little more color. In terms of the environment delivering positive operating leverage is really going to be driven by revenue mix as much as anything right now as we continue to make investments in the technology that we think will have longer term benefits to us. So, I think it would be – it’s certainly not impossible, but challenged in the very near term. I don’t know if Mike had…
Todd Gibbons: Yes. And you guys have picked up on the correlations that Fed’s balance sheet and the impact is likely to have on us and that could be somewhat on the positive. And then the rest of it is going to be also rate-driven. So, if there is a change in the rate environment, it could potentially move in that category as well.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. Well, I think the investment spend is kind of coming across the board. So, we are spending – I talked a little bit about just building stronger and stronger infrastructure for resiliency, which just provides an increase in the quality of our services. We are investing in integrating third-party capabilities, which I think is a bit of a differentiator. We are investing and improving operations and we are starting to see the positive feedback from that in the scorecards that our clients keep on us. The most important thing is to retain business and by providing great service and covering an increasingly better capabilities around that service. It’s difficult for clients to leave. In terms of initiatives that might drive future revenues, there are really kind of three areas – three to four areas, where we are most focused. One is the things that we have talked about in the Clearing and Collateral Management. So we are building an interoperable tri-party system, which we think will make our clients much more effective in managing their collateral globally. And as a result, we can pickup some of the global market share and also provide some of those services to what have traditionally been in the bilat space. That’s probably another year or two before I think that really – that kicks in but we are starting to see some of the benefits from that now. One of our other focus area is around data and analytics. And I think this is going to be an increasingly competitive advantage for us as we build. We currently with the – under Eagle have approximately $24 trillion of assets under management. Eagle is the old brand name of our data and analytics capability. As we have built on that platform and what we call a data vault, we think we have got an exciting capability where we will see growth this year and we will provide the ability to do – for our clients to do deep analysis around the structured data that’s on our platform. We are investing in our wealth management platform, that’s more long-term as well. And we have already talked a little bit about the investments that we are making at Pershing. So, I would say those four are in terms of business growth are where my key focus is.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, it’s a little bit challenging, because we just don’t know exactly what the rules are going to be, we hear lots of different things and we obviously follow discussions. But at this point, we just don’t have enough precision to say what the actual impact is going to be to us.
Todd Gibbons: Who knows, I think that’s the honest answer. I think we are all going to find out when the rules come out in CCAR, how much of it’s clear and then we will see as they finalize the notice of rule – the NPRs that they have got out there, so…
Todd Gibbons: Yes, look and I know we are – it’s not going to be a straight line sort of up as you sort of think about flows in that business. And there has been lot happening in through the UK pension market that sort of – people sort of make sure they were sort of thinking about sort of how to manage their liabilities in the right way and we feel really good still about the pipeline and the unfunded commitments that we have got in that business in the UK plus they have been continuing to invest in bringing their capabilities outside of their core market. So I think we still feel good about the LDI space. We feel good about what they are doing. Performance has been good. And so we don’t really, we don’t really have any concerns in the LDI space really at all. And as you know just more broadly about our asset management business, it’s largely institutional set of clients. And so you are going to have some chunky flows from time-to-time for various reasons as you sort of look at any given quarter. And so there is nothing underneath the fixed income side, but obviously the point to that it’s a core issue or core trend that we are concerned about.
Todd Gibbons: I think, Brian, it’s a – we are continuing to optimize. So, I think this is a dialog that, it’s a very granular conversation with clients and it’s a client-by-client sort of dialog. And so I think we have made some progress, but we have got more to go to continue to make sure that we are optimizing sort of the pricing and footprint we have got there so.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. I actually think we are in pretty good shape. What we are trying to do in the back is trying to get ahead of the game. And if you think about some of the things that we are going to just walk through the whole list of partnerships and kind of differentiating capabilities and this willingness to integrate with best-in-class. We are not always going to be able to deliver the best application and we would want to provide our clients flexibility. So that holds when we look at Pershing, it holds when we look at asset servicing, we made some very good investments in our corporate trust business and we are able – we are starting to gain back market share. We had lost a little market share over the years.We continue – I like where we are in wealth management, I think we can continue to do better there. So, I think we are – I think this is a matter of trying to breakout, non cash out.
Todd Gibbons: I know you like to do the arithmetic there, Vivek, but we look at that since it’s novated down, the size matters, the spread matters and then the overall rate matters, but ultimately we are generating a spread that’s been [no way but] down. That spread has been reasonably consistent, but in the third quarter, we saw the spike with an unusual activity in the repo market.
Todd Gibbons: I am going to turn this one over to Mike, Mike, but in terms of the – we don’t disclose the total number of apps or I don’t believe we have disclosed the total number of apps that we have got. But we have obviously got a pretty careful inventory of those actions. And part of what we are doing in our resiliency build-out in infrastructure investment is also making ourselves more efficient by really sun settling with some of those applications. And so I am pleased that we are down 10%, probably closer to 12% now and we have got another 10% or so that will probably kick out over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. So, I can’t really get into the specifics of where those apps are in terms of what base.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. In terms of productivity tools, we are rolling out the most – the office – the cloud version of Microsoft’s Office 365. One of the things that we are also doing is our operations. We get over 1 million client e-mail inquiries each year and we are developing AI around making that much more productive in responding to it. So, we are continuing to invest a lot in productivity and the infrastructure build that we are making I think will help us do that as well.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. So it’s a really good point. So as we look out to next year, I don’t want to predict this, because if it was not an ROI on the spend we will bring it down, but right now we believe there is.
