Mike Santomassimo: Hey, Glenn, it’s Mike. I will take that. So I think when you look at the non-interest bearing as a percentage of the total, it’s about where we expected it to be and what we have been saying now for a very long, very long time actually and so just it’s just about 30% of the total. And so as we have said a number of times over the last couple of years, we would expect that that percentage to trend down a little bit below 30 over a period of time. And so it’s behaving sort of where we thought it would – it is right about where we thought it would be.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, hey, Alex, this is Mike. Thanks for the question. So as we mentioned last quarter that $300 million investment sort of ramps up throughout the year and so it’s not exactly a linear sort of progression throughout the year, but we are sort of midway through the year and we are sort of approximately sort of where we expected to be in that sort of ramp up and $300 million sort of plus or minus is still sort of the range that we have been looking at.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I think you sort of need to and you’ll probably notice there is, I assume, you are looking at the supplement, Brian, so there is a footnote on the page as well that I would sort of just pointed to, but what happens, we have got a cleared repo product that gets some positive balance sheet treatment that where we will do repos, reverse repos with clients that gets novated over to FICC. And so there is very little that ends up on the balance sheet, so that sort of makes the both the revenue and the rate sort of pop year-on-year and you can get a sense based on the footnote on the bottom of the impact to that. So that’s what you are seeing sort of drive that number or a good chunk of the driver of that number is that program really kicking in and we have seen some good growth there.
Mike Santomassimo: No, I think we have seen that. We have seen the demand for that product ramp up over last year. And so while in any given day or week, it sort of moved – the volume moves around. We have seen that demand stay pretty consistent now over the last number of months.
Mike Santomassimo: So I will start with the second one first. So I think the impact of the lost clients is in the run-rate now for the second quarter, so there is not another drop-off in the Pershing business. So, I think that’s a pretty easy one. I think on the clearance and collateral, we haven’t given you a specific number. But as we sort of think about those migrations, we started with the smaller ones first and then you move to the bigger ones over time. And so – and by the end of the third quarter, we will have pretty much everything in there. So I think once you get to a third quarter number, you will have – it will be pretty much fully in our run-rate. So you are seeing a small piece this quarter and you will see a little bit more next quarter and then it will be in our run-rate.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. As you know, U.S. rates, our non-U.S. rates have not really moved around that much in the quarter. Now, there is some expectation that, that’s going to start to happen in the third quarter, particularly in the UK at least, but that hasn’t been a big driver so far. So – and remember as we have said, the betas that are going to continue to sort of increase as rates increase and so on, it sort of implies about a 60% beta for the quarter, we would expect that to keep increasing as rates go up.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, Brennan, I mean, what we said a little earlier, right is that the percentage of – the non-interest bearing as a percentage of the total is a little less than 30 rounds, I think the 30% this quarter. That percentage we would expect to sort of grind down as rates rise. And so that may bounce around in any given quarter a little bit, but we would expect that to continue to grind down.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, there is no effort to de-leverage per se, Jim, as you would suggest. But as you start to look at treasury activity, some of the trades you had put on just make less sense now and so we know we are just looking at how to best optimize sort of some of that. So I wouldn’t read into that.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes, I think – well, I think that the bills that are out, the bill that got passed plus the some of the Fed proposals still have to get implemented and so that will take some time to sort of play into it. So in a BAU environment, the SLR is still something we are focused on to make sure that we stay where we need to be. But as we sort of think about the future as constructed the Tier 1 leverage ratio in CCAR is the place we are most focused on where our constraint is.
Mike Santomassimo: A lot of that Ken is just some seasonal like activity that happens in the first quarter. We get some fess for things like tax reporting and then there are some particularly some other items that sort of hit – only hit in the first quarter, so I wouldn’t read into that as a run rate decline.
Mike Santomassimo: We did, it was in my commentary, roughly – it was roughly about 1%, yes, it’s like roughly 1 point, but there too, remember we mentioned, we also had some leasing gains in [indiscernible] in the prior year. So my own take at this net-net is the overall number is a pretty good, I mean the reported number is a pretty good proxy for what real growth was in the quarter. Well, on the expense side, we did have the effective currency and the real estate.
Mike Santomassimo: Yes. I would go back to sort of the guidance we gave at Investor Day on expenses Ken and I think we are sort of tracking there.
Mike Santomassimo: So I will take that and Charlie can add color to on, so just to remind you Mike we are very much an institutional money manager, very little retail in there. So you guys think about as you sort of look at some of these line items. I just reiterate the performance has been consistent, Charlie mentioned sort of the 89% over the 3-year and 5-year benchmark, so we feel okay there. And as you sort of look at the some of the equity – actively managed equity portfolios that’s sort of inline with what you are seeing across the industry. In depth, I would sort of think of some of those outflows is very idiosyncratic clients, changes in allocation for our clients. And then on the cash side, as I mentioned in my commentary, there was some concentration related to some big client M&A activity that brought some balances in on a temporary basis. So, you sort of see that dynamic going through there.
Charlie Scharf: And Glenn this is Charlie. It’s just and that’s the way we thought about where it looks like going forward that that continues.
Charlie Scharf: Look, I think on the loans side that will bounce around from any given quarter. So I wouldn’t read into a decline in loans as a go forward trend that’s going to continue to decline. On the deposit betas, you recall that there was a rise in March that’s fully baked into the second quarter and there was a little stub of another rise in June. And so it’s probably a decent indication of where betas are trending right now.
Charlie Scharf: The only thing I would add to it is that what we have talked about relative to where we had hoped the total expense outcome to be for the company. I wouldn’t say there is no meaningful difference there. So to the extent that we decide to spend more money on technology, we will actively seek to manage the overall expense base and that’s still what we are trying to accomplish.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, I think as you saw last year in the third quarter, Alex, there was that historical sort of pop that you get from the DR business sort of got muted last year. And so while we would expect the number to be a little higher than you saw in the second quarter, you can’t go back a couple of years, you got to sort of look at the new trend there in terms of what you think that the pop might be.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, sorry, the only thing I will add to your question though is when you sort of think about the clearing collateral business, we are also seeing very good growth outside the U.S. So although we focused a lot on sort of the JPMorgan migrations here in the U.S., we have also got a very strong business outside the U.S. and up very strong double-digit growth outside the U.S. in terms of the demand for that product that we have got.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. This is Charlie. I would say, I don’t think we – I think it’s unclear I think our first – the first thing we have got to do is do the work on the modeling and that is it’s got to be done properly, it’s detailed, it’s got to be reviewed, it’s got to be signed off. And so we don’t have a date at which that will be done, but the point is we are actively doing it and then depending on when it’s done in our conversations with the Fed that will figure out where we go from there. So, the short answer is we don’t know.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, I guess the only editorializing I would do around it is I would describe it certainly helpful, because whenever you have something which you think makes less sense and you wind up with something which you think directionally makes more sense, that’s a positive change in terms of recognition of the way the business should be run. But as Mike mentioned, our current constraint is the Tier 1 leverage ratio in CCAR which quite frankly we struggle with in terms of a concept of constraint is the reason Mike spoke about, but we will see where that one goes as well.
Charlie Scharf: Yes. I would say – this is Charlie, I think we feel very good about what the wins were both on a gross basis and a net basis in the quarter. And I guess the only other thing I would say is because with lots of people you are right about the way the quarter pans up and whatnot, but you all know this and we talked a little bit about this over the prior quarters. Wins take a period of time, these are generally conversations that happen over multiple quarters leading up to a process generally if you are not going to renew with the incumbent. And so I think where we are today relative to where we hope we would be we are on target and success for us in asset servicing will continue to be a slow steady build which quite frankly it’s hard to look at quarter-by-quarter, you need to look at that over a longer period of time. And I think at this point we still feel on track relative to that commentary.
Charlie Scharf: Yes, let me take a shot at this. I think these are so – just as I talked about on the asset servicing side where there are long gestation periods when people decide to leave us, it’s the same thing. So, these are things that we have known about for a long time. It’s factored into our thinking about what we think overall trends in revenue can look like. And again these are relatively idiosyncratic relative to when they show up. There continues to be a significant interest in clients of all sizes to talk about their desire to figure out how what we can do at scale relative to not just cost, but building additional capabilities, how they can benefit from that. There is a – I would describe it, it’s just an extremely open mind in the asset servicing world, where we deal with big asset managers and small asset managers across the world, but also the broker dealer community both bigger and smaller. So I think relative to the way we think about the opportunity in the business, those trends continue to make us feel very good about the business that we have and that’s not even talking about the opportunities within Pershing that we think we continue to have in the RIA space, which we highlighted at Investor Day.
