Dermot McDonogh: Thanks for the question, Brennan, and good morning, everyone. So I will accept the fact that the pressures are there, but I think the team is doing a great job managing both sides of the balance sheet in a very dynamic environment. So if we kind of look at the first half of the year, I think we are very pleased with where it's -- where we've come out in the first half of the year and feel we are on a very good footing for the back half of the year. In January, when we spoke to you, we kind of gave a guidance of 20%. And that was with a mid single-digit decline in deposits over the balance -- over the course of the year. If you reflect on the two quarters just behind us, we had elevated deposits in Q1 on the back of uncertainty around regional banks. We had elevated deposits in Q2 on debt ceiling, which really speaks to the strength of our balance sheet and the strength of our franchise and clients looking to use us in times of uncertainty. Now when you look to the back half of the year and our deposit -- average deposits in Q2 were around $277 billion, up 1% sequentially. And we do expect this growth to moderate in the back half of the year, and we do expect declines in our balances as a result of the treasury issuance, which I think is going to be announced in August in terms of what they're going to do between bills and coupon payments. And the interplay between QT, RRB [ph] and bank reserves is something that we're all watching carefully. So we do expect our balances to go down to mid to high single digits from here. But when we reflect back and do the bottoms-up, top down and talk to clients and see what's happening in the marketplace, we come back to the same places where we started at the beginning of the year in terms of our overall feel good about the guidance of 20%. And specifically to your point on deposit costs, look, our client base, unlike others, is largely institutional and our bases are in the mid to high 70s. We feel our book is kind of -- we passed on the rate rises to our clients over the last 1.5 years. So we feel pretty good about where the book is. We price competitively. Clients come to us not just for deposits. They come for a broad range of goods and services, and deposits are part of our overall product mix. So we feel very good about where the book is and where the cost is. Notwithstanding, there are pressures given the higher for longer rate environment and people looking to optimize their net interest income. So that's it.
Dermot McDonogh: So as it relates to fees, Brennan, look, I think when I look across the various businesses and the feedback that we are getting from clients and when I talk to our teams, our backlogs are good. We are winning our share -- our fair share of deals. I have to say the enthusiasm and the energy of the team when they came back from the Insight Conference having launched the Wove product gives us great optimism about the future and what we can do for our clients. So overall, I would say our backlog is good in a very uncertain environment. We are winning our share, and our yet to be installed book of business in Asset Servicing is healthy and strong.
Dermot McDonogh: So on the catch up, Alex, I would say when we talked about this last quarter, we kind of said our Q1 results were kind of largely a little bit of the price lag there, which we feel is largely behind us, and that catch up has happened in Q2. So overall, I think we feel pretty good about the catch up. Mid to high -- cumulative basis are in the mid to high 70s for dollars. And look, it's reasonable to expect that they will continue to grind higher from here, but I would say no meaningful change. If you take the overall deposit book in total, it's largely a dollar-based book, 80% dollars and then 10% split between euros and sterling. And the betas for sterling and euros are roughly in the kind of 50% to 60% range. And then I'll just reiterate like the point, and I think it's a very important point. The deposit book is largely institutional, sophisticated clients. And we've really repriced our book quite efficiently over the last 1.5 years, and that's really the message I'd like to leave you with.
Dermot McDonogh: When you say life of deposit, Betsy, do you mean like tenor and duration of the deposit that stays [ph]? Just to clarify the question.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay. So let me start like talking about the $277 billion of average balance sheet that we have. Important point number one, two-thirds of those deposits are operational or what we call sticky. Here at BNY Mellon, we don't classify between insured and uninsured. We call it sticky and non-sticky. So the vast majority of our deposits are with us because the clients are in our ecosystem for the long-term and need to have cash with us to execute their business. So that's why we think about it in that way. On the asset side of the balance sheet, like I would like to go back 18 months when we kind of made some strategic decisions about positioning for this rise in interest rates. We took a view in terms of how we wanted to set up the balance sheet with a rapid increase in interest rates. And so we've done a lot of work last year in terms of repositioning the portfolio in terms of higher for longer. 60% of our portfolio is in AFS, and a big part of that is 60% of the portfolio is also fixed. That has a weighted average maturity of about 4 years. So think of about rolling off a quarter every year. So if you take on the asset side, the amount of money that we have in cash plus the amount that's rolling off from fixed to floating, and the investment yield pickup of that is about 300 basis points. We feel when you look at both assets and liability together combined, we are really well-positioned over the next 12 to 18 months to manage through this rate environment.
Dermot McDonogh: Largely, yes, absolutely, which is why cumulative basis are in the mid to high 70s. And we expect them to grind a little bit higher from here. But we -- as I've said, we pay our clients a competitive rate, and they are sophisticated, and they know what they're doing.
Dermot McDonogh: So again, look, we've talked about this pretty much for the last 12 months. So just to kind of recap what we've said before, based on what we know, we expect operational risk RWAs to be in the standardized approach, and that will drive an increase in our standardized RWAs. Based on our internal analysis, we think that will have a smaller increase than what the QIS has shown in the past. And so we kind of feel like capital levels will be a little bit higher. But we feel we will have the ability to adapt and live with whatever the outcome is. But again, it's been delayed a couple of times. So I think for us, we are just waiting to see and we'll return it around quickly, and we'll communicate to you when we have something tangible to say.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay. Thanks for the question, Steven. Let me again go back to my last call when it was at 26%. And I guess everybody on the call was looking to see why weren't we guiding higher. And we kind of said history has told us that through the cycle and the trough, our history and our experience, and we have data going back 20 years, and we look at that, the history tells us we should be in the 20% zip code. So we've done a very much a bottoms up analysis looking at the history. Important point to make here is our mix of businesses today is a little bit more diversified than it was 20 years ago premerger 2007. We have a more diversified range of business, as you said. We have Corporate Trust, Treasury Services, Asset Servicing, Clearance and Collateral Management. And each of our clients in each of those business segments use us for different reasons, and deposits behave in a slightly different way within each of those businesses. And the mix between NIV in those businesses varies. And so that gives us a really good confidence level in terms of the diversified business nature that we have. So our internal analysis is kind of pretty solid. And then we look at what the industry is saying and what you analysts are writing about, and we kind of take that into accommodation, also what other people have guided and what our clients are telling us. And we take all of that together, and we kind of feel at the end of the day, consistent with what we've said in the last two quarters is 20% is the best we can give you in terms of through the cycle, which importantly then feeds into our NII guidance of 20% over the course of 12 months. So it's important to remember, it's a 12-month guidance as opposed to managing it quarter-to-quarter.
Dermot McDonogh: So look, that's a kind of a crystal ball type question, Steven (sic) [ Glenn ]. So I think it's a bit too early for us to comment on '24. There are three parts to the question is like one, BNY Mellon client franchise, we go at it every single day with incredible intensity. We want clients to do more with us across different parts of the firm, and we are really working hard at that. The second point is expenses. Two quarters in, we are very pleased with where we are. We like the forward in terms of how we are executing and how the firm has set up to execute. I would remind you, like this time last year, we conducted a bottoms up exercise where we took 1,500 ideas across the company from all our team members around the world, put a bit of investment dollars behind it, digitization, automation and eliminating manual processes. And in the expenses flat quarter-over-quarter, you're beginning to see the dividends of that paying through. And importantly, in my prepared remarks, I said that we funded the entirety of our investment plan for the second quarter from efficiency, and we expect that to continue over the medium term. And then NII, we will just prepare as we go. And the outlook is uncertain, but we will manage through it.
Dermot McDonogh: So look, the path of -- it's a difficult question. The path of interest rate matters, yes -- rate -- level of rates, timing. If you look at the last 8 months, the market, broadly speaking, hasn't got it right relative to Fed docs [ph] and has now come into line over the last several weeks. I think the two things that I'm looking at are -- it's pretty baked in that the Fed will hike in July. Then you have Jackson Hole. That's going to be a very important meeting. And then what happens in November because of its one hike every two meetings, between July and November is a long time, and there will be a lot of data in that period. And so if they pass on November, it's going to be very hard for them to restart again. So I think when we look at our balance sheet, we positioned it higher for longer. And that kind of has informed our guidance of 20% for this year. And the book over the next 12 months, 12 to 18 months, we are broadly neutral on the outcome for rates up a little bit or rates down a little bit, and that's kind of how we think about it.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay. So I'll take that on the expense side. So like the guidance was 4%, okay? So -- and that's kind of down from 8% ex notables, ex currency, important point to kind of stress there. And so then it's like it really comes down to executing an operational excellence in everything that we do on all the points that Robin made. And I think the Executive Committee and the firm and the team coming together and seeing that it can be done in a different way and then executing on that. If you double-click into different businesses, and let's take the Market and Wealth Services segment for a second, that's a segment that has a mid-40% margin. We are growing that segment. We are investing in that segment. We are putting big budget dollars to work there, and that's evidenced by our launch of Wove. If you go to our Securities Services segment, that is about increasing our margin through the cycle to 30%. And within that, we are insanely focused on our cost to serve, automation, digitization, serving our clients in a more differentiated way that brings down our cost to serve. So it does mean different things to different businesses at different points in the cycle. Plus in the first instance, it's all about how we show up and how we execute. On the fees, I think generally, we feel very good about our backlog. We feel very good about the pipeline. We are winning our share of what the market has to offer, and our clients like what we have to offer. So on the forward, we feel we have excellent momentum, and we're executing well with our clients.
Dermot McDonogh: So, look, I think you're trying to do a read across. So I think it's not really appropriate for me to kind of get into the detail on any specific business because we aggregate up to the firm, and we give you a firm view. So I wouldn't say -- I'm not seeing anything within Asset Servicing as it relates to the mix of IBs and NIBs that would cause me to think there's been an outlier change quarter-over-quarter or something that's unusual and out of line with what we expected at the beginning of the year.
Dermot McDonogh: So, the kind of the quick answer is a large part of our portfolio is cash, so reprices very quickly up or down. So we kind of think of our balance sheet as broadly neutral. So if they cut by 25 basis points or 50 basis points, we are okay. I think also our CIO has taken a couple of a little bit of protection on NII for '24 in terms of locking some of the gains in. So I would say, again, to the question a little while ago, we are broadly neutral up or down over the next 12 to 18 months.
Dermot McDonogh: So I'm not too sure I would like to give guidance at that granular level of detail. But what I would say is Emily and Roman are intensely focused on delivering a better cost-to-serve model than what we've done in the past. And we want to give clients a better experience with respect to automation, digitization and how we deliver our products to them. And so that is an intent focus of the team. Also, we feel we have -- we are the world's largest custodian. We are #1 in a lot of different things in the Securities Services space. And so we like our hands. We are winning our share. As I said earlier, our backlog is very strong, and we have a good medium-term opportunity set in front us that we are looking to win and execute on. Our yet to be installed book of business is very healthy. So I think we're going after the two legs with equal intensity, and both will deliver that margin of 30% through the cycle, very important. This quarter we had a nice healthy pickup from the rate back up. But as Robin has said in an answer to another question, we are just not relying on that. We know we have a lot of work to do, and we are getting about it.
Dermot McDonogh: So I don't want to do revenue outlook based on the deconversion because I don't think it's right to talk about any single particular client. But what I would say ex the deconversion over the quarter, we had like 4% growth. Pershing is a business that's grown really well over the last number of years. We are very competitive. We are #1, top 3 in different things. And so I would say the feedback from our conference in Florida Insight, where we launched Wove, was really, really good. And Robin spoke about this at length in terms of the appetite about Wove. So we kind of think over the next several quarters, we like the business momentum. We have a lot of stuff in the pipeline. I think come October, we are going to have a couple of deals that we are going to be able to talk to you about that are quite exciting and will make you feel pretty good.
Robin Vince: Thanks for the question, Alex. Obviously, this is an area, a segment we spend a lot of time on. Just to remind you, we did a series of strategic reviews all across the company. Going back over the course of the past 9 months, we've looked at every function. We've looked at every business. And we did spend a particular amount of time digging in to our Investment and Wealth Management segment. Look, in terms of IM in particular, if you think about it as part of the IWM segment, 2 years ago, that whole segment was a 30% pre-tax margin segment. There's no reason to think we couldn't get back there over time. But there are a series of different things that we have set out to do ourselves. And so the execution of all of that is going to be really important. There's going to be a combination of improving top line, what you'd expect in terms of really focused on meeting client needs, strong investment performance, new products, et cetera, and also some of the desiloing and expense management that's really in there. But the thing I'm going to call out to you, which I really think of as the BNY Mellon superpower, and I think everyone needs to have a superpower these days in Investment Management is our distribution. And so that's a place where strategy for the whole company really meets strategy for Investment Management because if you step back from the way that we were organized, Investment Management was its own silo in the company and, frankly, a bit landlocked over there in its silo. But our distribution capabilities, $2.5 trillion worth of retail distribution as one example, but obviously, we have other distribution as well in the company on the institutional side, was separately landlocked over in a different corner of the company. So our plan here is really to lean in to what we think of as one of our superpowers, distribution, and then allow the business in this newly configured format to really be able to stretch its legs in this non-siloed format and then go from there. And we think that, that's a good path forward.
Robin Vince: Sure. So looking at the whole company, the Securities Services margin was 29%. We've given previously the guidance and the target around getting that to 30%. We are very pleased with the progress. But there's no question that we've had some sort of easier tailwinds in the form of rates, and we have to continue to get after this deliberate cost to serve. And so I just put that as a footnote on the Securities Services point. We are laser-focused on continuing to drive that margin higher. We're not complacent about this at all just because it happens to be approaching our original target. But look, on Investment Management, and this goes a little bit to the prior question, 2 years ago, this was a 30% pre-tax margin segment. So we look around the world, we look at what's happened, how has it come down the various quarters, some of which is obviously a little bit cyclical. And our conclusion is we don't see any reason why we couldn't get back there. But execution comes in a bunch of different pieces, as I touched on before, and we really have to get after that execution. And I think for me, this point about the superpower of distribution, remembering that we are a diversified set of businesses of BNY Mellon. And we've had these tremendous distribution capabilities, which we have really not put alongside this Investment Management manufacturing capability as well as we could have. And so that's a strategic change in the company. And as we pursue that strategic change, and it will take a little while, that, we think, is going to have some important opportunity. I'll also call out the expenses. I've talked to you before about the fact that one of the other problems with silos as well as not bringing all of our company to bear on problems is the fact that we have duplicate costs. And Investment Management is a great example of this. We have, in our Investment Management central team, additional expense that duplicates to the rest of the firm. And we can find better ways of bringing those capabilities together to actually execute better. So there's opportunity there as well. So collectively, we are going to pursue all of these things. It's going to take us a couple of years realistically to see all of the benefit of all of this work, but we feel reasonably optimistic about our path forward here. And of course, we're going to continue to report it, and we will keep you updated as we go on the journey.
Robin Vince: Sure. So immediate payments, which is the umbrella I'll put both FedNow, which is the new service coming into production from the Fed, and also the clearinghouses' real-time payments rails that the whole immediate payments world does to us represent an interesting disruption opportunity in the ecosystem of payments because there hasn't been a ton of disruption over the course of the past sort of 20-or-so years. And so when these evolutions occur, we see that as an opportunity because we've been a bit underrepresented. Although we are the seventh largest U.S. dollar payments clearer, we feel a bit underrepresented in some parts of the flows of that ecosystem. So we've deliberately invested to be ready as a market-leading participant in the real-time immediate payments, let's call it, evolution. So yes, we think it's important. Yes, we think it's an opportunity. We were the first bank to do a test in the original rails. We've seen good traction. It's still early days. I think FedNow will be a bit of an accelerant to this because it creates more awareness of real-time payments, and it broadens out the overall sort of participation rate, I think. We've been very involved in them -- with them on this initiative. And we're trying to position our payments platform as rail-agnostic. And so clients of ours can come to us and say, "Hey, BNY Mellon, I want to make a payment." They don't need to care about is it going to be FedNow or is it going to be the RTP rails? How do they want to migrate away from checks? How do they want to treat it -- a payment on the Fed wire versus ACH versus one of these new capabilities. And remember, we wrap them in new services, so the ability to offer real-time request for payment, bill pay capabilities, the ability to wrap additional fraud services in this whole thing, we think this will be quite an interesting evolution. And to your point about volumes versus price, one of the good things about being a disruptor when you don't have as big a share of some of the credit card flows and some of those other things, which admittedly have a higher price on them, we aren't. So we get the opportunity to bring this unconflicted approach and benefit from the upside, frankly, without sacrificing much on the other side.
Robin Vince: Glenn, I'll add one thing to that, which is as you look across our strategy, we were very clear at the beginning of the year about what we wanted to achieve this year. We set out these three points of our outlook, our guidance for 2023. And of course, the year is always going to evolve a little differently than you imagine it will right at the beginning of the year. And we've certainly had a year like that this year, where we've had unexpected things happening in all quarters of financial markets. And so what we have done is we stuck very deliberately to our medium-term plan. And we've not allowed ourselves -- well, we manage every quarter, of course, deliberately every individual thing that we are doing every day, generating more fees, focused on NII, focused on expenses. What we are really doing is preparing our company for this medium and longer term journey of delivery and achieving our objectives. And so there are always going to be a little bit of pluses and minuses in the quarter. But we really think that, that sort of broader strategy is what we are about, just deliberately executing and bringing the culture to bear. So I hear you on the next couple of quarters, but I would just continually remind you and put you back to that guidance that Dermot mentioned about what we're trying to do this year.
Robin Vince: It's an important question, Ebrahim, and I'm going to frame it slightly differently to you, which is we are focused on things that are going to be relatively quick wins associated with cleaning things up that we thought were inefficient. And we've also laid out for ourselves a series of medium-term things and a series of long-term things. And so we have a variety of initiatives in each of those buckets. Of course, we've been executing on them in parallel, but you only see the benefits of some of the shorter-term things right now. So Dermot gave you the example of the ideas that our people generated, and we're going after those. And we said those were sort of a 3-year or so implementation to get after that. We talked about the fact that we did some work, some delayering in the organization at the end of last year into the beginning of this year, which has been quite helpful. That's also been a slightly shorter-term thing. At the same time, we are looking very deliberately and remembering that we are essentially a diversified financial services company because all of these different businesses that we have, and we have a lot of embedded platforms within that, platforms that have been operated in sort of non-platform ways as a result of our sort of slightly siloed past. So now we are getting after organizing those things a little bit differently. And as we organize that, there'll be some expense benefit from that. But also then having organized them in that way, we get to really deliberately go after the duplication of systems and processes that are inside the company. And that's also when we really get to go after the digitization. So it's harvesting a little bit for the short-term, focused on the things that we think make the company a well-run company, organizing ourselves to be able to structurally operate ourselves as we think of the company and then harvesting the benefit of that. So there's a 1-year story, a 2, 3, 4, 5-year story associated with doing all of those things. But as with everything, we have to execute it really well. And we want our people to come along with us on that journey because a lot of this is change of behavior from how people have worked in the past, which is why we have a strategy. We are laser focused on the execution, and culture really matters.
Robin Vince: Sure. So let me -- Brian, I'm going to split this into two pieces. So one is specifically on ONE BNY Mellon, which we think of as increasing wallet share with our clients, being able to do more with existing clients, also attract new clients, of course, to the platform and sort of dealing with this issue that the median client at BNY Mellon is a consumer products from one of our businesses. So that started as an initiative. If I really look back to the very origin of it, it was almost a bit of a movement. So it was a heart to mind exercise around getting people focused on the fact that this was an opportunity. And that was a good way to start. We set ourselves targets for 2022. We exceeded them. We set ourselves targets for 2023. By the way, we've achieved 80% at the half year mark, 80% of our full year sales targets for that initiative, and at least 50% of our sales force has made at least one referral. So we feel good about the way that we started. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, actually kind of industrializing that, embedding it into the way that we actually run all of our sales and relationship management groups all across the company, that's the next critical phase of this. And so that's when it becomes part of sales targets and part of the way in which we assess people's performance. And we incentivize them, and we train them. And to enable that, we made an important new hire, and I mentioned Cathinka in my prepared remarks because we needed to put somebody and wrap that strategy deeply into how we actually operate the company. So that's the specific ONE BNY Mellon initiative. We feel very good that, that creates an underlying boost to whatever our growth would have been without that on the new business side. In addition to that, the point that I made earlier on about desiloing the company, that has -- we talked about that more through the lens of expenses. But actually, it has an equally important component in terms of growth. And so we are investing in growth in how we actually operate our existing businesses in addition to the new innovations that we've talked about like Pershing X and outsourced trading and others. And so I'll give you a few examples of that. Let me give you one good classic example, which is we are a large clearing firm. We are known for having that as one of our businesses, but we actually had two institutional clearing platforms at BNY Mellon, one embedded in our Clearance and Collateral Management business and one embedded in our Pershing business. Now remember, I'm talking about institutions here. So this isn't including the wealth piece in Pershing. And it didn't make any sense. Because we had multiple platforms, clients were confused. We did it in different ways. And so we've taken those two businesses, and we combined them. And now we have one institutional clearing business at BNY Mellon. We're in the process of executing that change right now. I can give you the same types of examples around the way that outsourced trading came into being, which was originally landlocked inside Investment Management. We took it out. We aligned it next to our markets business. We have another example of that with trading that we do for certain clients where we had multiple examples. So we have a long list of things where we were operating kind of independently. And part of our growth is by bringing those together, yes, we will get benefits in terms of efficiency, but we expect more client business from it, too.
Robin Vince: Well, I'll take that actually, Gerard. So look, when you look across all of our businesses, we recognize that growth comes in lots of different forms, and our clients growing their wallet share with us. We can have market appreciation. We can have transaction balances, the total addressable market can go -- there are different ways in which we see opportunity. And in the treasury market, given the role that we play in the treasury market, at the end of the day, more treasuries is a benefit for us because there are more treasuries that get traded in the market. There are more treasury that need to get funded in the market. There are more treasuries that get issued in the market. So there's a broader set of benefits there. And you've seen that as we've reported some of our results in Clearance and Collateral Management, which obviously has been a growing business. Now that business isn't only about treasury. It's also about international clearance. It's about global triparty outside of the U.S. So I don't want you to zero in and only think about that being driven by treasuries. But clearly, treasuries is a market we serve. And so when there are more of them and more activity, we regard that on average as good.
Robin Vince: Sure, Rajiv. Look, we don't split out the RIA versus the broker dealer. As you know, we are #1 in broker dealer, and we are in the top 3 in RIA. So we are clearly a market leader. It's interesting the names that you picked because none of them are in the top 3 on either of those measures. So having said that, we are obviously not complacent about newer entrants into the market or other people who want to sort of get into this. This is a business that we've been in for a long time. We understand it, and we have scale. I'm just going to repoint you to the $2.3 trillion of assets on that platform that we think is -- it gives us a tremendous starting point with clients and then the innovation that we've got in it. So we've gone multi-custody, which is very important in that business. We are innovating -- a lot of our services traditionally have been focused on the investor, but now we are delivering to the adviser as well with the Wove platform. We've innovated into direct indexing capabilities, financial planning capabilities, tax-aware investing capabilities. We are deploying BNY Mellon advisers and the capabilities from Investment Management because we have a $1.9 trillion investment manager. We have existing technology from our Wealth Management franchise, which is market-leading. And we are adopting a ONE BNY Mellon mindset to that. So we are taking that technology and delivering it through Wove to other adviser clients. So we've got this whole breadth to how we are actually approaching this opportunity. And while we, of course, welcome the competition from some of these other folks, I don't think any of them can deliver that breadth of capability to our clients. And so for advisers and investors, we feel very good about our direction of travel in this business.
Robin Vince: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your interest in BNY Mellon. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Marius and the IR team. Be well.
Betsy Graseck: I know we talked a lot about deposits, but I did just want to drill down on how you're thinking about the life of the deposits. And is that at all changed versus history? And part of the reason for asking is just trying to understand if there's any impact on the securities portfolio as you put those -- that deposit flow to work. Thanks.
Betsy Graseck: Yes, how you -- what you are assuming the life of the deposit is because I'm expecting that drives how you're investing those deposits.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Okay. And then just a separate question on op risk RWA. Next week, I guess, we are getting the Basel III and game rules. And just wondering -- I know we don't have the final rule, but I'm sure you've thought a lot about this or op risk RWA component that's being added to standardized. Maybe you can give us a sense as to how you're thinking through and how we should think through assessing your position when those rules come out next week. Thanks.
