Dermot McDonogh: Okay. Good morning, Ken. And thanks for the question. Before I answer, I'd just like to acknowledge Emily, who is the former CFO and has been a tremendous partner with the transition and to the finance team and Investor Relations team who really helped me settle in well, and it's a real privilege to be here, and I look forward to working with you all. So on to your specific question around the mix between NII and deposits. Look, back in January, the environment was a little bit different to where it is today. We feel we've had a very good start to NII. We did a lot of scenario analysis in January to come up with that number. And look, there was a big kind of divergence between the market implied forward curve, which we use to kind of budget and project where we think NII is versus where the Fed is in the dot plots. If you look at it today, there's a little bit more of a coming together of that and there's more of a market color around higher for longer. We're positioned for that. We feel good about this. And as a consequence of that, we've locked in a good quarter and we feel good about subsequent quarters. And look, the important thing in my remarks was skewed to the upside. The range of outcomes is probably more uncertain today than it was in January. We have the debt ceiling to come, geopolitical uncertainty, all the factors that you would know about. And as a consequence, I don't really want to update the guidance, but feel we're solid on 20% with that skewed to the upside.
Dermot McDonogh: Sure. So, if you kind of take a step back on deposits and think about coming out of the pandemic and as people started to focus on inflation and having better yield opportunities and you look at the system in total, you see over the course of the last 15 months across the industry, deposits leaving the system, we're kind of tracking that. And we're the same really as everybody else. We're down 3% in terms of average deposits and maybe if I kind of double-click on what happened in the quarter, a little bit, up to March, we were in line with our forecast, which kind of gave us the 20% year-over-year growth. We kind of had a blip to the upside for deposits in the latter part of March as a result of a little bit of the turmoil that happens there. We saw a flight to our balance sheet. People wanted to use our platform. And so we saw deposits elevate. Now that's largely moderated, albeit we're a little bit above our forecast, we expect that to moderate further like the rest of the industry in the coming quarters as our clients are sophisticated and they will look for yield. But look, I refer you to Robin's comments in his remarks where he talked about the cash ecosystem and we kind of touched $1.3 trillion of a cash ecosystem, we want to point them to our products and services. So while they may not use our deposit platform, we want them to use other products within our ecosystem. So, we feel very good about where our deposit balances are and the trajectory for the rest of the year.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay. So, there were a few questions there. So I'll try and deal with them as best I can. So, if we kind of zoom out for a second and look at the firm, yes, a 28% margin with a 20% ROTCE, the highest in three years, okay? So margin good, always want to improve. And then you double click into that and you go Security Services, 26% going to 30%. The positive in there is Emily was the CFO for a number of years, and now I get to partner with her figuring out how to drive that margin higher. And so we have a plan, you will have noted that we committed to half the expense growth year-over-year. We're off to a good start and that will have -- that will -- that segment will be a beneficiary of that. Then you double click into the next segment, which is Market & Wealth Services, which is a 48% margin, which I have no problems as CFO with that long may it continue. And then we go into Investment and Wealth Management, which 11% margin is a bit -- to be honest, it's probably a bit disappointing. But 18 months ago, that was a 30% margin business. And we don't see any reason why we can't get back there with a lot of hard work. There were quite a number of headwinds going into that last year, lower market values, a significant strengthening of the dollar. And some of our clients wanted to do a bit of a mix shift from equities to fixed income, and that was going from higher fee to lower fee, but the important point that I would draw to you there is the clients stayed in our ecosystem and that's the key message. Clients are in our ecosystem and just mix shifting, and we're working with our clients to deliver good outcomes for them.
Dermot McDonogh: Alex, hope you're well. As a former colleague, I think you were supposed to ask me an easy question, not a hard question. So look, Asset Servicing, the way I kind of think about Asset Servicing is -- and look, the headline number is 2% down, yes. That equates to a little over $50 million, yes. In the context of our quarter, that's a small number. So the way I kind of think big picture, again, I've said this in the answer to other questions, did we attract clients to our ecosystem, yes. And then within that, is like how do we derive fee revenue from those clients. Some of it is to do with market levels, some of it has to do with volume and some of it is other stuff like account opening. So within that context, we did see a risk-off sentiment from our clients wanting to pause, push stuff out to subsequent quarters. So the client volumes were down, and so that really kind of drove the Asset Servicing side of it. And if you kind of look at Issuer Services, it's a smaller number for us, but that's a seasonal business, and depository receipt is within that. And Q1 is typically a quiet quarter there, and we'll expect that to pick up in Q2 for dividend season. And on the plus side for Asset Servicing, we had higher market levels, and we got some fees from that. So overall, I feel good about Asset Servicing. We have to work hard on the fee outlook, but it's not -- I would say, it's not as negative as some commentators would portray the fee outlook to be as I see the situation today. As it goes to Pershing, look, we're very excited about the Pershing business. You'll see from our commentary in our prepared remarks that we had $37 billion onto our system. Robin talked about it in his prepared remarks we're very excited about Pershing X. The partnership with Snowflake, we're going to do a lot of great stuff in that area, and we will tell you about it as the quarters unfold, but Pershing and Pershing X is very, very exciting for us.
Dermot McDonogh: Thanks for the question, Brennan. So like the way I kind of think about it again is like I know I've said it a couple of times, it really is NIBs and BNY Mellon is really is an ecosystem point that I will start with. Clients leave and we don't leave with the deposit product. Clients come to our ecosystem for a range of products, and they leave their cash with us to prosecute that business. So, I'll pick out three examples like Corporate Trust, NIB stay with us because they have to make coupon payments. Treasury Services clients leave balances with us to offset fees. Asset Servicing balances stay with us because of underlying client activity. And then our Clearance and Collateral Management business, I mentioned another one, we have decent NIBs there. So our businesses are bigger than a few years ago. Balances are bigger and clients are doing more with us. So NIBs are just attractive to the ecosystem. So then you kind of take a look at history and you do the bottoms-up analysis. And through the last cycle, NIBs did bottom out at the 20% range. Currently, we're at -- we're still at around the 26% range. It stayed sticky. And I think our reason that you could ascribe to that is clients left cash with us in March because they just wanted to leave and use the safety and resilience of our balance sheet and just it stays there. And so, in our forward outlook in terms of why we reiterate the 20% guidance with the skew to the upside is, we expect that to moderate, not meaningfully, but in line with our projection and the work that we did at the beginning of the year. So we feel good about where it is at the moment. We feel good about the forecast. And it's been stickier in the past than we projected it to be is how I would answer it.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay. So it's kind of interesting, you asked the question, Mike. When Robin and I talked about the opportunity and when I decided to join, I listened to the first earnings call after I've made the decision to join. And Robin, and he's first as kind of CEO apparent, he talked about connecting the dots across the enterprise, and he's just answered in the question that he just answered there, he talked about that, too. And so, in my prior life, connecting the dots across the enterprise was a thing that I majored on. I also grew up in the financial world, and I intend, hope and plan to bring financial discipline across the firm. We have a great finance team here at BNY Mellon. I couldn't be prouder of what they do. And so I kind of think about the role in three ways. One is working with all of you. clients, regulators, external stakeholders, really kind of delivering the message of what we're about at BNY Mellon over the next several years. So I see that as very important. And then internally, working with the executive committee and the rest of the leadership of the firm and the finance team to develop really good financial analysis in which we can make good strategic decisions about the way we want to take the firm. And that's a lot of work. But the team has already done a good job. And look, you're beginning to see the fruits of this come out in the expense area and other parts. In terms of our top three priority for this year is really is about slowing the expense growth of the firm. We've made a commitment, one quarter in, we're delivering on us. And this is not about -- I don't think about it in some ways as expense cutting, it's like -- it's attacking structural expense basis in the firm where we can think -- we really fundamentally believe we can do the same thing in just a better way and more efficiently and we want to invest and grow the firm. So it's kind of -- I think about my expense priority is like how do I think about run the bank? And how do I think about grow the bank because we really want to take those dollars that we get from efficiency and invest in things like Pershing X and other really key growth initiatives. So it's all about financial discipline and giving the team the financial resources they need to grow the firm and just managing the balance sheet, which is kind of a thing that we've had to do in the last couple of months quite aggressively.
Dermot McDonogh: Gerard, I think that's kind of largely kind of a gross-up netting issue, but I will get Marius to follow up with you after the call and kind of give you a more detailed explanation.
Dermot McDonogh: Okay. So Brian, let me start with Pershing. So I would say in both businesses that you asked a question on Q1 was -- it was predominantly a risk-off environment, but notwithstanding the risk-off environment for Pershing, we attracted $37 billion of new assets onto our system. And so we're growing organically at a nice clip, which we're very pleased about. So I would say Pershing feels good. The outlook feels good and we're going to do the launch -- official launch of Pershing X in June. And so, the clients that are beta testing that feel good about what they're seeing. We've got the partnership with Snowflake. So, I would say the outlook for that business overall in terms of our continued growth in assets -- and as a consequence of that, notwithstanding the risk off sentiment in Q1, we believe being the number one in the market with broker-dealers and several million active clearing accounts that we have on the system. We feel pretty good about the future for that one. Asset Servicing, I think the way I would kind of think about asset Servicing is more steady as she goes, yes. It's a big business. We kind of have a mixtures like, in the past, people have talked about as of as being a fixed income house. And so I would characterize it, we're both a fixed income house and an equity house. And so 2/3 of what comes in is kind of largely fixed income related, 1/3 equities. And we continue to grow our AUC and our AUM and so over time, that mix shift between fixed income and equities, where they either play to our strengths or kind of it will slow us down a bit. So overall, we feel like it's a steady as she goes environment for Asset Servicing.
Dermot McDonogh: Yes. Look, the point I would add in there having the growth rates and becoming more efficient as a company. So all the work that we do on expenses and efficiency management feed into that discussion as well. So you kind of have to join the expense narrative again with the pricing good business narrative to get the complete picture.
Dermot McDonogh: So I would say, broadly speaking, we saw it across the ecosystem. The point-to-point was up 1%. We finished the quarter on a period-end basis at $281 billion. our average for the quarter was, I think, roughly $277 billion. But there was no one business. It really was broadly spread. And I guess the important point that I would call out here is, we made a strategic decision about 15 months ago to kind of centralize how we think about deposits into one platform. So we kind of think of deposits as a platform as well as a product. And we have very, very good client connectivity and engagement. So when we talk about deposits, we talk about it across the system, and that will echo Robin's point about connecting the firm, dissolving different businesses, so we think of deposits as an enterprise effort. And that's how it came together for us in the quarter.
Dermot McDonogh: So yes, like I think -- and historically, I would say, and continue to be a very big player in that. our performance in our Dreyfus cash business has been excellent and continues to be excellent this year. The simple answer to that question is, we had some -- we knew in January, we were going to have some known outflows. So we were projecting to be slightly down in Q1. And with the inflows as a result of what happened in March, that got us back to flat. So overall, I think the average balances were higher, but on a period-to-period basis, we're flat, but we continue to feel very good about the business and more importantly, performance. And then this business performance matters, so we expect that will -- you'll see better balances going forward.
Dermot McDonogh: It was clients wanting to do something else with their cash. They told us that they were doing it. It was in our forecast time we knew what was going to happen. There was no specific reason.
Dermot McDonogh: So I think that just goes back to the point of the risk off sentiment in -- that we saw in Q1 and people just wanting to, a, not do activity and move from fixed income products to equity products, normal behavior, nothing out of the ordinary that I would call out, totally expected just us working with the clients to deliver the risk appetite that they wanted to have for that quarter. The turmoil of March is kind of, you would say, for now, may have a basis and we may see a change in client behavior, but back when they took these actions in March, we didn't know how long we're going to be in this situation for us. So, it's behavior that we expected to see and is kind of I would view it as normal BAU.
Robin Vince: Thanks for the question, Steven. I wouldn't use the word retrench. I would just go back to January and kind of just reaffirm what we said we'd do, which is return north of 100% of earnings to our shareholders this year. In Q1, it was a total of $1.6 billion, of which $300 million was dividends, $1.3 billion in share repurchases. So a good start, March came along, and maybe some of it is me being a freshman CFO and wanting to just slow down the pace a bit to see how the macro environment plays out. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. I would reiterate, we are going to continue to buy back but we're just going to take it easy now and watch the situation day by day, week by week. If the situation clarifies itself. If we get debt ceiling resolution, there are a lot of things that play into the next couple of months, and we'll watch and see and adjust accordingly.
Robin Vince: Look, Alex, I'll start that. Look, I think the events of March have really shown the importance of asset liability management as a key discipline. And so whether you start on the asset side and think about tailoring your liabilities accordingly you start on the liability side and make sure that you've got the right duration of assets and the right composition of assets. That to me is lesson number one. I'm sure we'll see a bunch of outcomes from that from policymakers over time as that all gets digested. We're in the preparedness business, not the predicting business, and that goes to everything across the franchise and we've positioned ourselves well for this, and we positioned ourselves so that we would be able to deal with lots of different eventualities, and critically, to your question that we could help clients through those various different eventualities. And so, we're proud of the fact that we've served as a little bit of a port in the storm for some of our clients. We've had a lot of net new accounts opened in various angles on the business. And I think it's reaffirmed for us and we've said this before, that resiliency is a commercial attribute. We spend a lot of money on resiliency. We spend money in terms of making sure that our technology systems are state-of-the-art all of the investment that we've made over the course of the past few years, our investment in cyber, but it's also investment in the resiliency of our balance sheet and the combination of that allows us to then be able to use times like this to be able to attract clients to the platform. Dermot talked about a bit more about that ecosystem, which is another example, which is we built businesses over time, and we've lent into investments in those businesses that allow clients to be able to get what they need within our ecosystem, even when they may be a little risk on, they may be a little risk off, they may favor deposits, they may favor a money market fund, they may favor equities, they may favor fixed income, but we have all of those cylinders, if you will, to the engine to be able to help our clients. We think that breadth and that diversification of the business which is built up over a period of time and which we have been leaning into is very, very important. I know we get described as a trust bank. And by the way, we're proud of the trust that, that Monica implies, but remember that our most profitable, highest growth, highest margin segment of Market and Wealth Services contains a set of businesses which you would not find in a trust bank.
Robin Vince: But we're not relying on that stickiness. And I think that is an important point that Dermot mentioned. And so to the extent that we are -- we will harvest the benefits as we have them, but we definitely recognize that they could go down to the prior cycle those in percentage composition terms, and we're managing ourselves accordingly.
Robin Vince: Sure. So look, we've been quite careful over the course of the events of March to help our clients and to welcome clients into the ecosystem, but we have not wanted to profit from the fact that there's been stress in the system. And so that's obviously an important line, and we participated, as you know, one of the 11 banks that participated in helping another key participant in the financial system with a large deposit. So, we are very cognizant of our role in the system and the responsibility that we have to the system given the role that we play, but at the same time, over time, we do view this resiliency to be a strong commercial asset. So if you step back from the whole of BNY Mellon, I think of ourselves as sort of offering a couple of things that are really differentiating. One is this 239-year history where we touch 20% of the world's investable assets. We are the world's largest custodian. We are the world's largest collateral manager. We have that $1.3 trillion worth of cash in the ecosystem. We have another $5.5 trillion worth of tri-party. That's $7 trillion in total in that space, largest depository receipts firm, number one in the broker-dealer, Pershing, Wealth Management Infrastructure space, et cetera. We have these terrific individual components. And for us, bringing them together and actually being able to demonstrate to our clients the breadth of the platform with resiliency that we offer, we think that's a winning combination and one that over time, as I've talked about before, we don't think we've taken full advantage of. So, it is telling the story of who we are, our place in the world, the roles that we play and helping our clients to realize just the breadth of activity that they can actually do with us and the fact that they can trust and rely on us.
Robin Vince: So if your question is, does it take a lot of work? And is it a big task to run a company differently than it's been run before? The answer is absolutely yes. And we have got a leadership team who are very focused on approaching the next decade differently than the last decade. And this point of connecting the dots is a very important one. Let me give you one example. So Dermot was talking about in our Investment Management business. And he also mentioned Pershing. And so Mike, when you look at those two businesses, just interestingly, they couldn't have been run more separately within the ecosystem of BNY Mellon. Investment Management was run as essentially almost a separate company off to the site. Pershing was run essentially as a different separate company off to a different side and we never really explored the opportunities to be able to think about the manufacturing of investment management with the fact that we have across Pershing and Wealth Management, a $2.5 trillion distribution base. Now we're an open architecture firm. And so we aren't distributing all of our manufactured product into our distribution arms, but we have opportunity to explore that which frankly hasn't been fully explored up until now. Take the adjacency between margin where we've seen a significant growth for our Collateral Management business associated with new margin rules of un-cleared margin, exchanges need more efficient margin delivery. Those products are very adjacent to the rest of our Collateral Management business in tri-party. They're also quite adjacent to our foreign exchange business. They're quite adjacent to our cash management ecosystem. So we have both diversification in the firm, but we also have a lot of natural adjacencies that people haven't explored before. So that's the way I think strategically about it. And then your question is one of the several pillars of execution, which is what are the things that we have to do to actually get after that. Some of those things are structural, some of them are incentive based, some people based, some of them are organizational based. And so we're going to approach all of those different pillars so that we ultimately attack that strategy effectively, and we're very committed to doing it.
Robin Vince: So I'll start with Pershing X. That is a longer-term build. We've talked about the fact that it wasn't going to meaningfully contribute over the course of couple of years since we first talked about that. And so, that's really a '22, '23 thing. You should expect essentially nothing from it in that period of time, but we'll update as we go past launch, we'll give you some updated view on that. But I view that as being a '24, '25, '26 story overall in terms of its ramp. And again, we're still in beta testing. We feel quite enthusiastic about the client response to the product, but I'm going to reserve judgment until we start signing contracts and we launched live in the market on that. In terms of outsourced trading, so this is something that we've launched and we made the public launch during the quarter, hence, we've made the comment, but this is a very medium, long-term opportunity. We talked before about the fact that as a firm, we are very interested in up the value chain of the various different businesses that we do in Asset Servicing. Once upon a time it was custody and then middle office got added and now data solutions get added an integration and these various different components that create a broader solution set for investment management and asset owner clients. And now we're adding to that and saying, "Hey, there's not actually a ton of alpha for an asset owner or investment manager, particularly one that is managing in the tens or hundreds of billions of dollars of AUM. There's not a lot of alpha associated with execution. The alpha is in portfolio construction, asset selection, but the actual buy-sell action isn't. And in fact, it's not great scale because clients often need desks in multiple locations. If they're a multi-asset asset manager, they need lots of different specializations when it comes to the execution. So we have all of that. We've executed $1 trillion or so a year of exactly that type of broad-based asset management execution for our own investment management firm. And so now we've turned that into a platform that can operate not only for ourselves, but also operate for clients. We're externalizing an existing at-scale platform, which is fully capable across products and we're externalizing that now for clients and saying, "Hey, there's no real alpha for you associated with your own trade execution. Let us take it off hands. And I view this in also in a way as an extension of what we already do in foreign exchange, where we do exactly that on a range of different execution basis for our clients in foreign exchange. And so this is something that we know how to do and something that we already do, now we're externalizing it, and I view it as quite an exciting evolution, but it's a very medium long-term thing as part of our overall journey on fee growth over time.
Robin Vince: So, this is part of our overall March to 30% margin in the Security Services business, Rob. And so when we look at that, Dermot talked a little bit about the focus on the expense line. That's important. And it goes a little bit hand-in-hand here. If you look at our margin last year of 20%, now 26%, depending on last year or this year's stat, but if you just take this year stat, we should be putting 4x as much energy into the expense line as the revenue line in order to be able to get the same net effect at the bottom line. And so we're doing that. But on the revenue line as well as driving new activities, this discipline point pricing pressure is a normal part of this business, but as we look back and we review certain deals that have been struck over the course of the past few years, going back, in some cases, going back several years, I think we did win in some cases, on price. And we look at and we now have new capabilities about reviewing the margin on a deal-by-deal level. And when we look at some of those deals, we're pretty disappointed. So that's causing us to engage with those clients and talk to them about the other things that we would like to do for them that help us to be able to broadly improve the margin at a client level. And then in some cases, there have been deals and I'm thinking of one example in my mind of a client who came and they had a real expectation about pricing at a certain level. And we were like, we're just not going to do the business at that level and we negotiated and we substantially increased the price to a level which we thought was appropriate for the actual business involved. And look, I don't know about the past, how that would have happened. But if I look at the history of deals that we've actually got on the platform, my guess is that, that behavior is not something that would have occurred before and therefore, it's yielded a different outcome. So this focus on the true cost to serve and then the standardization that needs to be done across the platforms that will improve and in fact, reduce over time the cost to serve. So even the same piece of business can be more profitable, not only because we're pressuring on price, but also because we're making it cheaper to actually execute that business and the trick will be doing both.
Robin Vince: And I'd just add on to that. I think this quarter was a little idiosyncratic in a couple of different ways. And we -- last year, we outgrew the market in the drivers money market platform and sort of two other observations. There's a little bit of composition that you have to look at under the hood on these institutional money market funds in terms of where the money is coming from. Was it really coming from sort of mega individual ultra-high net worth or was it coming from actual institutional flows. And so I think you have to look a little bit at that on a money market fund by money market fund basis as well. And then as Dermot pointed out, the broader -- our broader connectivity to money market funds goes beyond our own money market fund. And so, we have this market-leading liquidity direct product. And so, even when money goes to other money market funds, we are benefiting from that because we have this connectivity. And so, we are a very large source of inflows to some of those other money market funds that you've seen growing. And again, this is the benefit of the ecosystem. It might be on our balance sheet, it might be on a money market fund, it might be in someone else's money market fund. It might be that we're selling treasury bills to clients, but all of those things are in the mix as is the repo and Fed's reverse repo facility.
Robin Vince: So we don't disclose the exact rates on the different components, but let me just sort of broadly talk to you about the deposits, Rajiv, because I think this is quite important. So first of all, to me, the decision tree is not insured versus uninsured that's a convenience. It's sort of a retail expression. It's a short hand that gets used in the market. The ultimate decision tree is whether deposits are stable and sticky or whether they're not. And in short, it's just one lens of that, and that lens is a bit more relevant to retail than institutional. And by the way, even within insured, not all deposits are equally sticky, right? Because you've got checking, you've got high-yield savings, you're going to have different outcomes for these, whether they're true operational accounts, even on the retail side, but there are other types of sticky and stable. And so for us, 2/3 of our deposits in the first quarter are operational across our portfolio of businesses. And those are, as Dermot said earlier on, those are required in order to be able to provide clients with those operational services. And it's diversified across our portfolio and you are custody, cash management, clearing, Corporate Trust, there are a bunch of different sort of business cylinders that give rise in that operational cash engine. And we obviously spend a lot of time and effort modeling all of these types of things and sort of -- and we've seen that has really proven to be stable over multiple cycles. And so that's sort of why we focus so much on operational. And then for nonoperational deposits, look, there's a little bit there associated with which we don't expect them to leave, but we plan for them to be able to leave and obviously at a much, much higher rate than we would think about that on the operational side because we just think that's good asset liability management.
Robin Vince: Yes, that's right. We touch -- it's another touch point with money market funds on the Asset Servicing side.
Robin Vince: Okay. So let me start with real time. We are part of the FedNow test. I think actually might have been the first bank to start testing on it. We were the first bank to do a test on the clearinghouse real-time payment rails. And look, overall, when I step back from real-time payments, if I use that as the generic term that would cover both FedNow and the clearinghouse, it is a couple of things. It is a new payment rail. And I think that represents an interesting disruption, and we would like to participate in that disruption, which is one of the reasons why we've been leaning in. I think there's a bunch of opportunities for clients there, quicker, cheaper, more control over the payments. And so that's a good thing, saves them dollars and ultimately, it's quite helpful for the industry's carbon footprint as well because it's really a check, should be over time at check eradicate and there's a lot of sort of carbon footprint and ESG more broadly in the handling of check. So that would be a good thing. We've got the opportunity to be part of that disruption because of our existing Treasury Services business, and we see that also as part of a broader solution set because we wrapped up in real-time payments. There's payment validation, there's fraud protection and there are other data services, and we find ourselves selling that bundle more often than not when we sell RTP. And I think we have a position you sort of framed it in terms of FedNow. But we have a position in terms of real-time payments and payments more broadly as a pretty un-conflicted provider. As you said, we're a very large provider. But that un-conflicted nature means that whether you're a Fintech, whether you're a smaller or medium size regional bank, whether you're a foreign bank, we're not threatening as a set of rails to plug into, and that makes us pretty appealing as a partner. But look, this is a multiyear endeavor. We're pleased with the traction. We've done a bunch of stuff, and we're playing it forward. But obviously, the story is going to be inextricably linked to seeing all of this take hold in the U.S. The other key question that you asked, Betsy, was on digital assets. And look, I haven't changed my point of view here at all. I view it as a completely different thing than real-time payments. And in fact, in digital assets, some people do complete the two and view things like coins and Central Bank digital currencies as solutions to problems which I would actually argue that real-time payments might be a better solution for. So there is a little bit of overlap, but I do favor real-time payments more broadly the question of how to speed up payment rails and payment processes in the United States to make them more efficient. But then on digital assets, we think this is about the tech. We believed in the fact that distributed ledger technology, smart contracts that you can build on top of it have good opportunity over time. That's many years, maybe several decades evolution. It's still early, hasn't really been proven and we'll see opportunities to have more efficiency, easier handling of certain asset types, think about things that aren't standardized today. So they're messy in the financial services system like real estate and loans probably speed up settlement there on tokenization as a sort of as a new form of handling assets. So we like all of those concepts. But in terms of the actual crypto, we've said all along, we're going to be incredibly slow accrual before we run on digital assets broadly and cryptos are -- it's something that we've gone exceptionally slowly.
Robin Vince: I don't particularly agree with that. No. I understand that there are other firms who've over time made it part of their business model to really attract a ton of cash in that space. We do not view ourselves as a crypto bank. We have a variety of clients. We have some clients who touch the digital assets ecosystem, but that's not been a business strategy of ours to grow that aggressively.
Robin Vince: It's a longer runway. You have to get confirmation from the Fed about their exact launch plans because it has evolved a little bit. But it's a long runway. And it isn't so much FedNow as real-time payments of which FedNow is one provider.
Robin Vince: Thank you very much, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your interest in BNY Mellon. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Marius and the IR team, and we wish you well.
