Emily Portney: Sure. So just why don't we first just start with the third quarter. And the third quarter NIR was down very, very modestly. That was off the back of lower reinvestment yields, also lower interest earning assets as we worked with our clients to actually manage, managed especially excess deposits. We were able to offset that with some tweaks in the securities portfolio. And also, we did see a benefit from premium amortization coming down that was both a mixture of us reducing the size of our MVX portfolio as well as the fact that prepayment speeds did slow down quarter-to-quarter.  Your (ph) full-year guidance, you just rightfully pointed out remains that down 14% for the full year in terms of kind of what's baked into the fourth-quarter , I think we have more or less hit the trough. What's baked in there. Certainly, we'll still have the impact of lower reinvestment yields as a headwind. We are expecting a further reduction in interest earning assets because we will continue to work with our clients in terms of managing excess deposits. So perhaps, we expect them to go down by about 5 to 10 billion.  With respect to premium amortization, it's likely our expectation forecasts based on rates is that it will be pretty much flat fourth quarter to third quarter. And look, there's probably some upside. I mean, certainly based on what we're seeing in terms of volatility and rates, and EBITDA movements by, for example, the Bank of England, etc. So, there could be some upside.
Emily Portney: Sure. So, within the quarter -- so yes, expenses overall up 6%, We're still guiding for the full-year expenses to be up 5% versus last year, obviously . When you  the third quarter, about  is attributable to what we call revenue related expenses, inclusive of an uptick in higher incentives. We obviously want to pay our people competitively and for the strong organic growth that we are seeing. About a third of that is split evenly between the impact of the weaker U.S. dollar as well as the incremental investment that we have pulled forward. So those are the investments in both -- in growth, in infrastructure as well as efficiency.  Well, also, it's worth mentioning that in the third quarter, we are starting to see an impact of a tighter labor market, both in terms of competition and in terms of cost. And also in the third quarter, there was an impact of merit increase which took effect in June. As we kind of look out, it's certainly too early to really comment on 2022, where in the middle of the planning process, what I would say is that, yes, the uptick you're seeing in the Second Half of the year is really the jumping off point for next year. And ultimately, there are other headwinds as well, inflation as I just mentioned, look, we're seeing.  It's a good thing, but return to more normalized travel rates. So CNI (ph) is likely to go up. We're when as we reopen and the offices and return to -- return to the office will be some additional expenses associated with that. Of course, we will continue to also achieve and identify efficiencies. We're working through the investment spend as we speak, going through the proverbial food fight. Because as always, there's lots that we want to do, but what I would say is we are intensely focused on expense management. We will continue to be focused on expense management, but we're also going to invest through the cycle. And if I were to just give some color, I would just say that expenses in 2022, if I'm standing here today, will be modestly up from 2021.
Emily Portney: I'm happy to take that and Todd certainly, can chime in. So, the way we think about other levels now, we probably still have around 10% to 15% of our deposits are excess and they will eventually receive in a more normalized rate environment. But actually, core deposits overall are also up just given the growth in  etc. I think the core deposits are also up. But the excess is about 10% to 15%. And the way we've been looking at it is certainly we've been managing the growth in those deposits and very successfully.  So, a very targeted way, looking at what we deem to be excess and working with our clients to pursue off balance sheet alternatives for those particular balances. And if the Fed begins to taper when we all think they will or speaking to taper soon, I think that does help in terms of putting all led to a degree on the growth of deposits from here in terms of what we expect of 2023 and beyond Yes, I think you're at the stage where the Fed actually hikes on multiple occasions, it's only at that point that we would probably see a decline in deposits. But the core itself is higher than it was in the fourth quarter of 2019.
Emily Portney: Sure.  issuer services, you really do have two businesses, Depository Receipt and Corporate Trust as you point out. Within the , we definitely saw a resumption in both issuance and dividend activity, and that was really even on top of the normal uptick that we see in the third quarter. In Corporate Trust, the underlying business actually is performing really well. Volumes in structured products are up actually meaningfully, slightly offsetting a small decline in activity in units.  But the third quarter for Corporate Trust, there were really two things that also impacted revenues. One was a decline in reimbursable expenses. We've got reimbursable expenses, our adjusted pass-through. And ultimately so that impacts revenue does not have any impact whatsoever on PTI. And also, there was a discontinuation of a public sector mandate that started in this quarter. And we'll see the full effect of that in the next -- in the Fourth Quarter, probably be another 10 million or so decline.
Emily Portney: And just to really break it down very clearly. So, the 11% in  growth ex waivers, we saw this quarter year-on-year, 3% was organic growth is as , about 6% of that was just market, was market impact and the remainder was just impact of a weaker U.S. dollar. In terms of the organic growth in that 3%, it was really broad based. So, when you look at purging, I think we talked a bit about continued growth in clearing accounts, mutual fund balances, and net new assets. In terms of Treasury Services, and we saw good growth in terms of payment activity.  And on the back of both stronger economic, a stronger macroeconomic backdrop, but also net new business, and also within Treasury Services, we've really shifted the product mix to be higher margin in that business. In Asset Servicing, wins are up 40% year-to-date versus what they were last year. So that too is just speaking to the organic growth in that business. In FX, volumes were up significantly in some of that market, but a lot of that too is just based on investments in the FX platform that we've made. So, it's really broad-based and strong.
Emily Portney: So, in terms of -- its a bit early to really comment on 2022. We're obviously going through the entire planning process as we speak. As I did mention earlier, the uplift and expenses that you're seeing in the second half of this year on the back of the investments that we are making is structural. So that those -- those are permanent and that really will be baked into next year. As I also mentioned, there are some headwinds. We're starting to see a bit of inflationary pressure. Like I said, we're going to return to more normalized, we think travel and so  will likely go up. A bit of extra expense associated with return to the office. So, there are headwinds that of course we're going to be looking to off-sale in offset with efficiencies. So, I wouldn't want to put an actual number on it. But at this moment, I would say expenses for the full year next year will be modestly up. And that's just on top line basis. They will be modestly up versus this year.
Emily Portney: Sure. As you think about Asset Servicing and just thinking about just the growth in our in our fees or at, or sorry. Our AUC Assets Under Custody they're up about 17% year-on-year on a spot basis. About half of that was driven by market and the other half truly driven by growth both from growth from existing clients, as well as new clients probably split about 50-50. And when just thinking through where we're seeing a lot of that growth. About 30% of it is from investment managers. Another 30% or so it's from broker-dealers and banks. And then the remainder is really split between both the alternative space and the asset owner’s space. So that's where we're seeing a nice uptake and the pipeline is stronger than it was at this period last year.
Emily Portney: Sure. Encouraging the -- we had originally expected about a 20 million impact of the lost business due to just being on the wrong side of M&A that is due to timing that was a lot less. So, I would think about it as the uptick will be about 15 million between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. We'll see the full impact.
Emily Portney: Sure. Again, we're in the middle of planning process so it's probably too soon to really comment on the expectations specifically for organic growth next year. But certainly, we're really pleased with the momentum that we've seen this year and we would hope to certainly achieve roughly the same amount of organic growth next year.
Emily Portney: Yeah. If you do the math, it would imply a very -- a slight down tick about 1% to 2% in the fourth quarter. But of course, rates are moving all the time. Like I said, we're seeing potential upside from some Central Banks even moving earlier than originally thought. So that's based on the last forecast, it's slightly down, but we think there is potentially some upside and hopefully, it will be flat.
Emily Portney: So when -- certainly, when we look at the entirety of our wins were both new wind of what we call new business. It can be new business from completely new clients, as well as new business from existing clients. So as clients obviously launch new funds, et cetera, that's still new business, but it's new business with existing clients. And of course, we're always very, very focused on retention. So, we're being, having the business already and still it's competitive, it's competitive out there. So, making sure that we're retaining as we're retaining those deals that we already -- that we're already incumbent. When you look at it about, it's about 50-50 in terms of the breakdown from like new versus just retention of existing business.
Emily Portney: Our retention rates have been trending upwards and we don't really disclose, but certainly there are trending upward and they're very high so well in excess of 70-75%. So, in terms of how the first thing I would say is, this -- the first and foremost is just client service and basically performing -- performing well day in and day out. And that's what kind of gives you the even, the right to actually -- to bid until ultimately retains. So, we're intensely focused on that. And then, of course, it's about talking to our clients, understanding their strategy.  More and more, we're really working in a consultative manner with our clients, looking at their issues, their challenges, and how we can bring the solutions of our -- the entirety of the firm to bear, to help them with their operating model and to get more efficient and to create . So, it's both just being good at the day-to-day and also ensuring that our capabilities and our -- both our capabilities and our products are not only competitive, but leading edge and then working with the client -- working with our clients and on a very, in the consultative and in a strategic manner.
Emily Portney: Oh, gosh. Off the top of my head, I can't really -- I don't have it off the top of my head, but, I mean, the good news is that actually we're pretty equally match. So, any -- any benefit you have in revenues or any headwinds you have in expenses is pretty much equally offset in revenues from -- so from a PPI perspective, are incredibly well hedged.
Emily Portney: So, I mean, just point out. Our loan book has grown by 14% year-on-year. So there has been very healthy growth in the loan portfolio over time. Of course, growth in any one quarter can be lumpy. We did see some healthy growth loans on a spot basis are actually up, more than -- they're up to 64 billion. Some of the growth we're seeing is a growth in margin loans, growth in cloud collateralized lending in wealth.  We're seeing growth in our term loans in terms of securities financing and also more demand in terms of capital cost facility. And what we do think we have, certainly, we're proactively looking to grow the loan portfolio and we're very -- we feel that it's certainly an area that's in focus and we've got capacity certainly to do so.
Thomas Gibbons: Okay. So, Pershing X is, I think an exciting opportunity for us. And so, if you think about the registered investment advisor business, so if you think about Pershing, we're really the largest correspondent clearer. So, we're a third-party clearer for broker-dealers in the retail space. And now registered investment advisor. And that business is actually growing, but it's not growing nearly as fast as the advisory space is growing. And so, we are the custodian, we , we are providing a lot of the backend services for that business.  But we think there is the opportunity for us to be an integrator in that business. So, and it's -- it's been gradually  at the numbers recently, but it's been growing in the ballpark of 15%. So, we think that, we've got a relatively small market share, part of it, Mike, so we think there's an opportunity for us to pick up market share in a fast-growing segment. So that's why it's so exciting for us. In terms of the challenge that Pershing X will solve, if you think about it, Pershing have these multiple technology tools, a bunch of different data sets that they're trying to, trying to integrate or trying to look at oftentimes are logging into multiple systems and they are really reducing the advisory productivity.  And that would be across things like financial planning, investment modeling, even some banking activities. And we have the ability to integrate our own private bank. So, there's really no solution out there today that can tie that all together. And so that's what we mean, it'll be an open architected, but an end-to-end solution. And so, we'll be integrating best in class services in amongst some of our own. And it'll -- it will provide a digital capability and real good retail experience both to the advisor, as well as to the Investor itself. So that's our target for Pershing.  I think your other question was around the e-payments. So, in e-payments, this is -- we -- this is using the clearing houses real-time payment system. And we were the first to actually connect. And now this is a request for payment from a client. Exhibiting (ph) our clients so a Verizon to their customer, and they send to come across your -- they'll come across your phone that your bill is ready. Here is your bill, press this and make the payment in real time. Or you can even set a time when you want to make that payment to make sure that you've got funds in your account.  That will connect as more and more banks connect to the real-time payment system, that broadens the capability of covering a very large percentage of the market. Currently, there are about 15 billion payments made in the U.S. So, it's an enormous market and we've got some, we've got about 100 prospects showing significant interest in the capability we designed.
Thomas Gibbons: Yeah. We -- certainly as you (ph), no, we've been increasing our tech spend over the past few years. A lot of that, as you pointed out, was in infrastructure and resiliency and dawdling of sounder infrastructure to support the growth that we're looking to drive today. And so , the kind of the piece dividend from that, we are reinvesting in a number of the software and the AppDev that we've -- that we've talked about it. So, I kind of categorize it into three areas. One, is we've talked about our initiatives? We just talked on two, Pershing and Treasury, but we've got some very deep things going on in our Data and Analytics capability.  We're digitizing things across the bank. The Wealth Platform we continue to invest in for our own wealth management activity, Corporate Trust we're using smart contracts in developing a digital network for our clients to operate on in Investment Management. So just about to cross our businesses, we continue to invest in technology. There is also ongoing infrastructure and risk management. I mean, our cyber defenses are not cheap and we need to continue to invest in them. We're doing a significant number of Cloud conversions as I think through out across the Company. Regulatory reporting requirements continue to go up.  There a lot of liquidity requirements as well as complying with the  requirements. And we will always be focused on data and resiliency. And then on the efficiency side, there's -- we -- we've actually inventory the number of things that we do manually, and we're looking to knock them out for automating when it's when it's -- what it can increase some significant efficiencies and risk reduction. And we're also looking to modernize some of our core app. So even our Treasury Services, we're putting -- we're putting a very modern payments app or engine underneath all of this. So, there are a lot of the --- the good news is there are a lot of opportunities, but it will come with some costs. And our intent is to increase our technology spend next year.
Thomas Gibbons: The answer, Gerard, if you think about the stress capital buffer regime has actually made things a little more flexible for us. And so certainly the board recognizes that if we continue to produce the capital that we're likely to, and we buy back the excess capital that we've accumulated will be in a position to come back to them and ask for more. So, the answer is yes.
Thomas Gibbons: Yeah. This is -- so it's a couple of things there. Effectively what we're doing is we're digitizing their collection experience. We've been in the lockbox business and now we're converting that to electronic through these requests for payments. And it is faster and cheaper for the provider. So, the cost actually for the utility in this case, so the cost to them on a per unit basis is down dramatically. And you also reduce your float and other items. So, we think it's usually to their advantage. So, we happen to have the collection relationship and we can continue . Paper's not going away. That's going to be a component of it, so we can provide the complete solution.  So, we just thought we happened to be in a very nice position to do this, and we're not -- we're not in the card or retail payments business to speak of. In between it so, we happen to be very well-positioned and we got a little bit of a first-mover advantage by being into declaring houses real-time payments system, right way. In terms of how big can this grow? It could possibly move the deal a little bit, add a little something to our organic growth. I think it's a little too early to tell. We are excited about the relationship that we've got with Verizon. We're excited that they certainly stirred up a lot of interest. And we've got a pretty reasonable pipeline, but I just prefer at this point not to speculate on what that could be 
Thomas Gibbons: Sure, Brian. So, I think first of all, we should probably help you understand what we're describing as organic. So, we do try to take the market impact out for interest rates and the equity markets. We also try to adjust, for example, for some of the unusual activity that came of it, for example, right now money market funds are very large because of all this excess cash. Deposits are very large because of this excess cash. So, we tried to knock that growth out of the calculation.  And when we get -- when we knock all of that out -- because if you look at us growing, our revenue growth minus fee waivers is significantly higher than what we're talking about in terms of our organic growth because that's getting the benefit of some of the market consideration. So, our -- once you knock all of that out the numbers get to something like 2.5% or so for this for this year, which is much stronger than what we've seen in years past. And frankly, 3-years ago was probably 0, maybe even slightly negative. And but you want to march through some of the areas where we're actually we're actually seeing it.
Thomas Gibbons: Right now, the dollar is showing a little bit of strength, which would create an expense tailwind but it would be neutral to our pretax.
Thomas Gibbons: As we're -- and I think to your point, we're definitely winning against the competition and a couple of the ones that you've been called out today. One of the alternatives spaces that was a different service provider, we had a broader set of capabilities in addition to the ability to do the administration. So, we won that business. We want a couple of large businesses over the last takeaways, over the last couple of quarters. So occasionally we lose them, but right now our win-loss ratio versus the competition is leaning toward our side and we think that's because of the capabilities that we've got as well as the quality of the service that we've been delivering.
Thomas Gibbons: No. Thank you, everyone for your interest and obviously, you can reach out to Marius in the IR team for any follow-ups. Thank you.
