Thomas Gibbons: Yes. First of all, in terms of engaging with our clients, it’s been pretty effective. I think, initially, I think, there was a little reticence as we moved into the crisis, but now we basically see this as our BAU. And so both clients and I think ourselves have gotten quite a bit better at managing the technology to actually communicate and connect and share with what we’re doing. So this particular conference, where we had about 1,000 clients and vendors come into it was – we also posted on our website a whole series of detailed analysis of some of the new capabilities that are out there and available to them. And the hits against that have been very high. So I think it’s been pretty effective. We’ve actually seen the pipeline grow. We’ve also seen retention high and actually sales are up in the first-half of the year over where we were last year.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I think, first of all, some of these are very new and some of the applications that we’ve just put out there, we’ve just gone live in the past month or so.
Thomas Gibbons: So our estimates is that, we could see some meaningful growth driven by the data and the digital and data analytics that we – that we’re offering that we talked about. So it’s just now gathering momentum. There is a lot of discussions and – but it’s early. We’ve got a couple of beta clients on it that we described and they actually participated in the ENGAGE Conference, both Charles Schwab and Nuveen. But I think underlying that, if you look at the – if you look at our pipeline, if you look at the growth rates that we’ve demonstrated, we are seeing a little bit of organic growth for the first time in a while.
Thomas Gibbons: And I think in 2020, Alex, I’ll add to that, I think, we probably made the biggest spend that we’ve made in tech in increasing efficiencies across the – operating efficiencies across the company.
Thomas Gibbons: So, Mike, I’ll start with this one, too. So, I mean, as you know, the stress test is a idiosyncratic test for us. And so, as we go through it, we have performed quite well. We have submitted our capital action plans, and we have indicated that we will look – and we performed quite well. And now, there’s going to be reevaluation using some new scenarios that were sometimes at the end of the third and the beginning of the fourth quarter. And so we’ll go through that process. That being said, we expect to perform quite well, and just given the resiliency, as you pointed out, of our balance sheet and our business model. But one of the things that comes out of the news stress capital buffer, the SCB model is that, as you get a little more flexibility around buybacks, you don’t have to – you’re not limited on a quarterly basis, you just need to stay within your SCB. So there could be a timing difference based on whatever regulatory considerations or the environment might look like. But ultimately, as we accrete capital, that just puts us in a stronger position to buy it back when that – when the opportunity arises. So I like where we – I like the way we are accreting capital. And I think it puts us in a position to buy back a considerable amount of stock as soon as possible.
Thomas Gibbons: And I can take the second component of your question, Mike, which was around the new business wins. I mean, the clients are still making servicer decisions. And relative to last year, we’ve probably seen we’ve been winning and retaining more deals and higher value deals, which is important. I think, we’ve learned how to work from home. We’ve ramped out our focus on – we’ve ramped up our focus on client management over that time. And we’re actually seeing an increase in activity with reviews and presentations being done virtually. And we’ve got some nice wins around ETFs around our mid-office space, and we continue to implement at a rapid pace against the mid-office. We’ve got the TALF servicing-related wins as well. So the pipeline remains strong. I think we’re just – we’re getting used to this as being the current normal.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. Mike, thanks. So in terms of – there are a number of government programs that we’re participating or that we are supporting or administering, some of them are showing some growth. For example, the PDCF is where we use our tri-party repo system. So it’s just – it’s reflected in the amount of tri-party repo activity, which we did see go up in the first quarter and sustain itself until a certain extent although it’s starting to come off a little bit in the second and third quarter. But we are seeing good activity on the global side of the tri-party book. And it’s really going to – it’s going to be a matter of how much those programs are taken off before we see any revenue. I think the more important is the other component of our revenue growth across our Investment Services business. In terms of the fixed income – excuse me, fixed income activity, where you’re seeing in clearing and collateral management, you are seeing increased clearing volumes on our clearing platform and we are benefiting to a certain extent from that. And I think that was reflected. If you looked at the Investment Services uptick and the highlights, you could see that. And I think we’ve been very directive where we are with the interest rates. I think the important thing to know is that, we are – we see ourselves reaching the bottom here in a very short period of time.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, I think that the headwinds for revenues, we disclose to you. And that’s all interest rate-related.
Thomas Gibbons: That’s correct. That’s correct, Mike. I mean, in fact, the investments we made in operating efficiencies that we’ll see the benefit over the next couple of years is the highest we’ve ever made – will be the highest we’ve ever made in 2020.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure. I’ll start with the first one. Brian, I think the – you can’t read much into one day’s worth of deposit balances. And so I would sort of put that in the bucket of a typical quarter-end spot number. And so sometimes, that’ll be higher, sometimes it’ll be lower. And there was one deposit that sort of drove that up a little bit for particular client. But – so I think the guidance I gave around the current levels are slightly below where the average was, is probably a good way to sort of think about where we are right now. I think once you sort of think about how much we can deploy into the securities portfolio, I think, that’s something that’s dynamic based on sort of how we feel about the stability and the longevity of those deposits. You’ll see us continue to optimize as we go into the quarter. It’s not something we’ll give you a specific percentage on, because obviously there are other drivers of that, but we do think there’s continued opportunity there.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, Mike, let me start. The – I think the answer is it depends, Brian. I think, when you think about short-term balances that we know won’t be around for very long. I think, we are relatively agnostic with IOER at 10 basis points of where they go whether it’s in a money market fund or on the balance sheet, I think, we’ll learn about the same. I think, as you sort of think about operational deposits going, we are – over time, we’ll make more money with them being on the balance sheet.
Thomas Gibbons: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for your questions. And obviously, you can reach out to Magda, Investor Relations, for any further follow-up. Have a good day.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, sure. Thanks, Betsy. So I think when you look at the third quarter, it’s really all about low rates coming down and getting the full impact of that for the full quarter, that’s really the primary driver. And there’s a series of actions that, I think, you can see that we’re taking in the results, both in increasing the securities portfolio and optimizing sort of how we’re investing there. And so I think, as you sort of look out past the third quarter, and you look at all the actions we’re taking, plus you look at where the forward curves are, that gives us some confidence that it begins to stabilize in the third quarter as we look forward. And obviously, the forward view on deposits will sort of have some impact on that, but the marginal dollar gets a little less impactful with rates where they are, so.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. No, I think that’s right. I mean, I think, the negative is really driven by euros, as Todd said, Glenn. And when you look at the U.S. dollar deposits, it’s a low single-digit sort of interest rate paid now on the book. And so there’s not a lot of room to continue to bring that down.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Sure, Todd. So, Glenn, it’s a tough question to ask, right? And so if things don’t get worse from what is being projected now in the scenarios, then you would expect that the issuer downgrades should be somewhat limited from here, but there will be idiosyncratic issues that may change some of that. So I think, obviously, these – the downgrades and the scenarios are somewhat inter – interrelated as we sort of look at both of them.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. No, no, sure. I know – and I can appreciate, it’s probably a little complicated. But – so as you sort of look at the net impact of $80 million to $100 million by the time we get to year-end, underpinning that assumes that balances hold to about where they are. So it does not assume that there’s additional growth there. And so, I think, if we do continue to see growth in the balances, we will see that can offset a bit as we look towards the end of the year.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. So the one-time fee, Ken, is actually in other income, it’s not in the Asset Servicing fee line. It’s not something we have disclosed exactly what it is. It’s not super meaningful, but it does show up in the other income lines. So it does impact your fee – your Asset Servicing fees at all. As you sort of look at what’s underneath Asset Servicing and the fee line, I think, you’re seeing growth in both the Clearance & Collateral Management business and the Asset Servicing business, as sort of Todd pointed out, the different drivers there that are sort of impacting that line.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, sure. And, Brian, there’s actually a couple of drivers underneath the fund balances. One, we’re obviously seeing in Pershing, that’s not something that we disclose. And two, we’re also seeing it growth in Asset Servicing as well, where we sweep money into money market funds through our open architecture platforms there [indiscernible] are, but also a bunch of other complexes. Those two numbers are not something that we disclose. So we’ve seen growth across the platform. We’ve seen growth really in all channels.
Michael Santomassimo: Sure. Yes, I’ll just – I’ll try to get all of those pieces, Alex, or remind me if I don’t. So as you sort of – maybe I’ll start with the last one first. So if you look at the liability side, we’re always looking for ways to sort of optimize. As you said, deposit costs are probably near where they’re going to bottom in the U.S., but on the margin, there may be a little bit here and there with particular clients. On the long-term debt side, we are looking at optimizing that more. I think, you’ll see us kind of bring that down maybe just a little bit, as we sort of look forward over the next quarter. But I think, obviously, we need to keep enough long-term debt to meet a bunch of different constraints that we’ve got, but we’re – but I do think there’s a little bit of opportunity to optimize that as we look forward. On the security side, you can see the increases over there sequentially and year-on-year are pretty significant in terms of what we’ve been able to redeploy. The majority of that has gone into sort of highly liquid assets sort of HQLA as sort of the term goes, right? And I think, you’ll see us continue to put more into HQLA assets, as well as look for opportunities where we can get the right risk profile and the right return for some less liquid assets as we sort of look forward. And as we sort of get more experience with the deposit base, and we’ve been talking about this now for a couple of quarters. As we sort of see the behavior of the deposits come on to the balance sheet, each month every 30, 60, 90 days, you get a better sense of what the operational nature and the duration of those deposits are going to look like. And so you can sort of keep – you can keep optimizing how much you’re going to deploy each month and each quarter as you look forward. And so we’re doing that. So we still think there’s some opportunity to continue to deploy more.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Look, I think, as we’ve talked about now in the last couple of years, we’ve – as Todd said, we’ve been making those investments in the operating platforms, as well as other capabilities, like we talked about, but with data and analytics and other new products across the different businesses. And I think the – while the growth rate has been slowing over the last year, I think, as Todd said, we’ve got much more flexibility to sort of look at that as we sort of exit the year. The only other thing I’d add is, we’re seeing the benefit of the efficiencies come through. We’re spending less in operations this year than we did last year. We’re going to spend less next year than we did this year. And we feel very confident that we’ve got line of sight to continue to execute on the efficiency agenda, as Todd mentioned.
Michael Santomassimo: No, I think, that’s right. And we’re continuing to have pretty close dialogue with a lot of the clients that have large or medium-sized sort of balances with us. And I think in part as you look at a business like Treasury Services, it’s ensuring that we get our fair share of the payments business and the fee revenue that comes along with having these balances. And so I think, it’s not only about optimizing sort of the reinvestment side of the balance sheet, it’s also about making sure that we’re monetizing the fee relationship with these clients as well. And that’s as much a focus for us and our client and sales folks, as is the balance sheet side of it.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Sure, Mike. So as you sort of look at what’s happened since the middle of March, what you saw was this massive increase. And if you recall what our spot balance was at the end of the first quarter was $337 billion in terms of deposits. And so that, that huge volatile piece of the deposit balance has come off already. And as you can see where we were for the quarter in the 280s in terms of the average. And so you’ve already seen that sort of massive spike retreat. And so while it’s – in hindsight, you’ll have better view in terms of what’s driven the increase from the February balances of around 230 to where we are today. But I think it’s hard to ignore that the environment that’s been caused – the economic environment that’s been caused by the pandemic is a big driver of the pace at which those deposits have increased from the February levels. But as we look forward, while we’re in this environment, for sure, and it feels like we’re in this environment for longer. It’s hard to see given all of the the response, the policy – monetary policy response from the Fed and others that the balances would retreat much more from where they are.
Michael Santomassimo: No, I think it’s pretty straightforward on those investment and other income. You can kind of see the breakdown of that in the supplement the thing that’ll be in the other income line that will be volatile, obviously, seed capital and how the market sort of moves within the quarter. And then the other trading line, you’ll have some impact there as well from the same moves.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, sure. Rob, the – look, I think, as you would expect, BlackRock works with a whole series of providers, and those providers would use Aladdin in some form or fashion. And I think that’s kind of to be expected and was happening already. I think the good news is, we’re the only provider that has our capabilities embedded inside of Aladdin. And so the widgets or the capabilities of the functionality that we’ve built are actually accessible through Aladdin, and we’re the only ones that you can do that. So I think, we’ve got a really strong relationship with BlackRock on the servicing side and the partnership side, and we look forward to continuing to build new capabilities with them that continue to differentiate what our common clients can do versus others, but we do think there’s some differences there.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, Gerard. So I would say, generally, the build was related to commercial real estate portion of the portfolio. That’s certainly where the biggest piece of it was. It’s not a general sort of allocation. Obviously, it’s a very detailed sort of name by name, and then you apply all the modeling that goes around with it. But as you sort of look at the bill, the biggest portion of it would be related to the commercial real estate portion.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. And, Gerard, when you look at the disclosure there domestic versus foreign offices, that doesn’t necessarily denote currency denomination, a good chunk of the deposits in the foreign offices are actually U.S. dollar deposits. And so I think you really sort of need to look at the rate in aggregate when you think about what’s happened over the quarter. I think, when you look at the – and so as you sort of look at that rate coming down, the biggest driver of the rate coming down in the foreign offices is actually us paying lower amounts on U.S. dollars, not increased negative rates outside the U.S. But obviously, the biggest driver for us other than U.S. dollar is going to be our euro deposits when you think about negative rates and that’s something we’re focused on. I think, when you think about our deposits inelastic, I think, there’s a portion of the deposits that are very much tied to the underlying operational activity. And so, I think that there is – we have – we do – when we charge clients for negative rates, there are spreads attached to those negative rates, and we haven’t seen much movement as a result of the pricing and the spreads that we’ve applied to those deposits.
Michael Santomassimo: I would probably think 20% to 21% and you sort of look forward based on what we know today. But I think for this year, it’s definitely closer to 20%.
Michael Santomassimo: Well, we – what I had indicated, there are a couple of good things. Number one is, I think, the efficiencies that we’ve invested in will continue to register themselves next year and over the next couple of years, and we’re not slowing down on that. There’s a lot more automation, a lot of additional things that we can do to make ourselves more efficient and actually improve the client experience at the same time. And on top of that, we have been growing our tech expense quite a bit over the past three years. A lot of that was infrastructure resiliency, as well as some of the efficiency investments and some of the product capabilities. We think a fair amount of the infrastructure component of that will be behind us, which should give us a bit of a tailwind as we look out over the next couple of years.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. It’s a good question, Alex. I think, the – when you look at the $50 million to $75 million, at that point, it was unclear what was going to happen with money fund balances. And so I think the $50 million to $75 million was the gross impact. And as we sort of look at the $85 million to $100 million, that’s the net impact of now is accounting for the fact that we think the balance growth that we saw is going to stick with us for a while. So if you look at what I gave in my script, I said by the fourth quarter, the gross impact will be $135 million to $150 million, which is a bit – which is equivalent to that $50 million to $75 million, but it’ll be offset by the fact that we think the balances will stick around. So that’s how you get them $75 million to $100 million.
