Todd Gibbons: Yes, we've not, Glenn. We would estimate that we're probably around 20%. We do have a fair amount of debt at the holding company, as you can see. I think the talk out there -- the ranges are 16% to 20%. At this time there is a proposal, but I don't think it's adequately defined to really go much beyond that.
Todd Gibbons: Okay, well there are really three unusual items in there Glenn. One is that the exit did and certainly on a year-over-year basis had an impact because we had pretty decent revenues there in the fourth quarter of last year, but we did incur some losses in the exit process. We could see some little impact on a go-forward basis. We wouldn't expect it to be much one way or the other. Obviously we're not going to see an increase in revenues as we exit. To answer the second question there, it has had some modest reduction in our trading assets at this point and we will continue to see that reduce going forward. So A, it was the derivatives exit. The second thing that went on in there is we had a hedge in one of our boutiques against fee revenues. That hedge actually had a loss. And those two things were partially offset by gains on our interest-rate hedging which actually was a negative to interest rates but a positive to other trading. That's where the minus $14 million came from.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, so if you look at it, Ken, it's about probably a little bit over 1% on the overall revenue growth rate and a little bit over that on the expense rate. So that puts you you're talking around $40 million or so in the quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. And so if you really look at the drivers of the revenues in the quarter it is a combination of that and what we saw in issuer services. So issuer services was down substantially both sequentially on a year-over-year basis. That's almost all DRs. That tends to be episodic. And so last year we saw quite a few transactions that fell -- or we saw some transactions that fell into the fourth quarter. We didn't see any of that in this fourth quarter. So that is our most capital markets transactions-like business that is a little bit less predictable.
Todd Gibbons: Yes Brennan, I think that comp was a particularly difficult one. We weren't making a whole lot of money in the derivatives business. As we went through the course of the year there was probably one good quarter and it was a little bit of softness and some of the unwinding in the fourth quarter. So I think that is not something that I would factor into your model.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. I think we outperformed a bit in the third quarter. That's not unusual for us because we have a lot of ADR activity in the third quarter that we don't see in the fourth quarter. And in fact we saw almost zero ADR activity in the fourth quarter, so that is probably the differentiator for us. If you look at us on a year-over-year basis we are up strongly.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. It would certainly be easier to get us, Betsy, if the excess deposits ran off. We think that could generate as much as 100 basis points on its own. We will have to be a little more aggressive, so the downside is if we don't see any rate movement we will probably have to generate 20 or 25 basis points or so on the way we manage deposits. We mentioned on Investor Day that one of the things that we would be doing is if we are in the 90% to 100% on our payout ratio we still get pretty significant capital retention, as you saw this year. That generates about 70 to 80 basis points by the time this gets implemented. We have a matched book that is run out of treasury that is consuming about 25 basis points or so that we could unwind. That would come with a little bit of expense, not much, we do earn a little bit on that matchbook. But that would be something that we might be able to take down. We do think that we're going to be able to deconsolidate our variable interest entities. That is another 10 basis points or so. The trading book that we have talked about, that is coming down. That is probably going to create another 10 basis points. So there is a lot of things that are underlying this that will slowly grind its way up to the 6% to 7% where we think we will be. We also have the ability to issue preferred, which would be a lower cost of capital. We haven't made a decision around that but those are the steps. We printed them in the Investor Day and we are going to move along that course.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. With the negative interest rates, as you know, not only in Europe but Swiss and Denmark, we are passing that impact on through charging for those deposits and we will adjust as the markets adjust. We saw a little bit of a decline in euro deposits over the course of the quarter, not much but a little. So there was -- and I'm not sure that's directly in reaction to that. But we can get more aggressive as we feel -- as we might need to be in order to charge for the use of the balance sheet.
Todd Gibbons: We probably see it if we look at what happened to us mostly in dollars from the quantitative easing in the U.S., most of that came through institutional depositors so the trust banks were big recipients of that. Our estimate that that is probably in the $50 billion to $70 billion range, Brian, so if we were to see a normal drain that we would see that money go away.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. I don't think that has changed. Now the mechanism for the monetary policy change is still a bit uncertain, so it might have to be done through pricing.
Todd Gibbons: Well it would actually depend on the course of monetary policy. If nothing happens we wouldn't expect any of it to move. And eventually we will start to, like I had mentioned earlier, we will just start to charge more and more and drive some of the deposits away based on the cost.
Todd Gibbons: Okay, Mike. It's Todd. I'll take that question. You asked two questions, so I am not sure we will give you a follow-up here. But the first question on the quarter to quarter, so from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we typically see exactly that because there is a very sharp decline in DR revenue. And DR revenue is the cost of basically fixed associated with that. It gets offset somewhat by the increase in performance fees that we -- the seasonal increase that we see in performance fees but that comes with quite a bit of compensation expense attached to it. So that's not unexpected. Your point around us being at the lowest level since 2007, I haven't looked that up but it sounds accurate. As we have been pointed out since the crisis, corporate trust has been contracting but it has been contracting at a slower rate. It has been painful and it has been a differentiator for us. We now see and actually saw it flat to slightly up from Q3 to Q4. We actually now see corporate trust turning the tide. So rather than contracting at a 5% to 10% type of level it is actually going to be flat to showing some growth. DRs, I think Brian just gave you -- DRs tends to be a cyclical business. As you see flight to risk, that is a good thing. If you see a flight to quality it is typically not a good thing but we have been through that cycle and I don't think there is anything structurally different in that business. I think your other question was related to the increase and where did the increase in consulting and professional services and legal. We did see a sharp increase -- we do typically see a seasonal increase in the fourth quarter in that line. Some of that is in the business partner. Some of that is investment in our risk and finance systems. Most of it is related to the buildout of our platforms that we have discussed at Investor Day and then some of that is related to higher legal costs. We would expect that run rate to decline somewhat in the first quarter. Actually, it should decline substantially in the first quarter but all within the rates -- the growth rates -- that I had mentioned to you in my comments that is that I think we will be up 1% or 2%, primarily because of the acceleration we have. We are going to have a little more cost to do the acceleration of long-term incentives in the first quarter of this year than we did last year.
Todd Gibbons: And Mike, I'll take the -- in terms of headcount we were able to manage headcount down for the year. As you know we took some actions in the second quarter and that helped us to do that. I think you'll see the headcount is down about 800 for the full year. That also includes the fact that we were insourcing into our technology, our application development team. So that insourcing process is now over or pretty much completed and so on a sequential basis you also saw a decline in headcount. Part of that is because we are no longer insourcing the other heads that were offsetting some of the benefit from reductions we had made elsewhere as we make ourselves a bit more efficient.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, our estimate for that is that we will see a little bit of growth in net interest income for the year even with this difficult backdrop. It is not great in Europe and it is not great in the US either. We have moved a fair amount of cash into the securities portfolio so it has grown by about $20 billion over the past six months or so and we expect to see some additional growth over the next few months in that as well, so we are putting more cash to work. We discussed at Investor Day how we are going to work through the HQLA, so you are seeing a continued growth in our HQLA assets. And that will I think be able to offset some of the lower rate environment. So we think the fourth quarter was a bit of an anomaly because of the way the hedging worked itself out. But we think that we are running at about 725, 730 and we should be able to see a little bit of growth to that.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, I think for all of our businesses if we see continued flight to quality, less transaction, less cross-border transactions, that is not good for us, Alex. It reduces volumes. It moves things into treasuries and banks rather than in the capital markets. We went to see capital market activity. Where that is displayed somewhat is in the ADR business. The ADR business has a fairly large energy component to it and there's a lot of action there and that is somewhat helpful. It has actually been kind of interesting, we've seen interest in it and some growth in issuance rather than contraction. So with prices and the dollar down it is actually brought -- in some ways it has made it more attractive.
Todd Gibbons: And Ashley, this is Todd. Just one other comment. We've struggled to find a metric that is helpful to project where you might be able to expect performance to be because it just is so episodic. But ultimately if you look at issuance and cancellations and you kind of look at the number of programs you've got, that is some basis but it's not greatly correlated to revenue.
Todd Gibbons: We do expect pension expenses. We had talked about on Investor Day to increase could be by as much as $60 million or so. And in directions that I give you around the expense increased for the first quarter that would reflect that as well.
Todd Gibbons: So almost all of the impact from the dollar took place in the fourth quarter. When we talk about the impact on revenues and expenses, so when you look at the full year it is about the same -- not exactly -- but it is about the same number. So we talked about a 1% move and for the fourth quarter so you can figure it is not too meaningful for the full year. I guess there is a correlation to the strengthening of the dollar as a flight to quality and less transactions, something I had mentioned on one of the earlier questions. That would be my concern. My concern is that there is less issuance, less cross-border transactions other than flight to something like U.S. treasuries. That's not great for our business model, if that were to persist.
Todd Gibbons: I would say it's a basket of currencies. One offset to that, Gerard, is this is coming with quite a bit of volatility and volatility has always been healthy for us. So we are seeing the benefits of that in the first quarter.
Gerald Hassell: Well Ken, it's a great question. I think that the continuous process improvement program, if you want to call it that, that we have all throughout the Company in every expense category it is really taking hold. And it is an operations, it's in technology, it's in business partners, it's in every single line item in the Company and we see further opportunities to continue to ratchet those expenses down as we get more efficient and more productive. And so that's why we are very confident that our expense control environment is very sustainable going into the future. A lot of the regulatory costs that continue to rise, the rate of rise is flowing down, so we've gotten a lot of that in the run rate. So I think we feel very good about the ability to continue to control and manage expenses into the future, certainly within the guidelines that we gave you at Investor Day. That being said, we are very cognizant that it is a very tough revenue environment. And so we are going to be even more diligent on the expense side to offset any potential slowness in the revenue side.
Gerald Hassell: Brian, it's Gerald, we're managing the company assuming that there is no rate rise and therefore both on the revenue and the expense side and the balance sheet we are really trying to make sure the expenses are in line with a slow revenue growth environment. And if we need to be more aggressive on the deposit side to make sure we achieved the capital ratios that are expected of us we will be more aggressive there, too.
Gerald Hassell: And again Alex, DRs in some ways a luck of the revenue growth is around corporate actions and episodic events. So if you see or believe there is going to be increasing either merger and acquisition activity, particularly in the energy sector, that could actually be beneficial to the business.
Gerald Hassell: And Adam, just as a reminder as a business, it's a business -- it's a terrific business. We like it a lot. The fees are growing nicely. Loans are up. Deposits are up. We are utilizing the Pershing platform and the advisory network to source business. It's a terrific business and that's why we're investing in it. So it's very good margins, very good growth rates on a relative basis and while the clients may have different investment strategies and concerns, as a business overall it is very attractive.
Gerald Hassell: Yes Ashley, that's why we point out to the number of programs. It's really not very material on either the revenue or the expense side. It is just the fact that we are having to carry the positions and actually have some staff or people looking at them. It's really not material to the overall business. We are generally just focused on the profitable business and making sure we are applying the best resources to the prophet end of it. So I wouldn't look at it as a material event for DRs.
Gerald Hassell: Well your first statement is pretty accurate. Net, net it really didn't have a tremendous bottom-line impact because as you suggest, the strengthening of the dollar had negative impact on revenues and positive impact on expense. So the net, net was pretty marginal for the Company broadly but the further strengthening, Todd, that's you.
Gerald Hassell: Yes sure. In corporate trust, as you know, we've suffered the last few years from the high-value securitization has been rolling off, that is coming closer to an end so that is one step in the process. Secondly, we are seeing new issuance. With low interest rates you are seeing traditional new issues on the debt side. We have seen growth in the CLO marketplace again. We are not seeing as much traditional securitizations although some asset-backed securitizations are starting to reemerge, plain vanilla ones. So we are starting to see that, we are getting our fair share. I will say that for a good part of 2014 with the rumored sale of corporate trust in the marketplace we were not getting as much revenue as we would like. Now that that is over and done with I think people realize that corporate trust is a key component of our business and we are back in the growth mode. So I feel pretty good about both the new issuance market, the decline in the old business and us being able to get back into business is giving us the feeling that we are at that inflection point. And I would say Europe continues to see more debt issuance and as bank balance sheets can't support whatever development occurs, and bank balance sheets have to come down, the securitization market is the place to go. So all of those factors are giving us a lot more confidence that we are reaching that inflection point sooner than we perhaps said to you earlier in the year -- earlier last year.
Gerald Hassell: And it is a scale business, so therefore as a business it is a very nice one and it's growing very healthy. And so we like it a lot and the team does a fantastic job in servicing our clients.
Gerald Hassell: Okay. Well thank you very much, everyone, for dialing in to our call. If you have any further questions, please give Valerie Haertel a call and we look forward to catching up with you real soon. Take care, everybody.
Brian Shea: Okay, hi Brian. Look, the depository receipts business, as Todd mentioned, tends to be volatile, high-margin revenue for us. And what you saw in the year-over-year comparison is we had a large corporate action activity last year and not this year. So it didn't repeat itself in the fourth quarter this year and the rest of it in the sequential quarter is really the seasonality. The third quarter tends to be a high dividend quarter. And the fourth quarter in falls off, so that is pretty typical. But overall we are still winning more than our fair share of new depository receipts assignments. I think we had a significant increase in new programs year-over-year and the net issuance in the fourth quarter was up. So I would say that while it is seasonal/cyclical we don't have any structural concerns about the DR business and we feel like the year-over-year comparison will be solid in 2015.
Brian Shea: Mike as you know, we had three -- it's Brian Shea, we had three custody platforms. We have consolidated that down to two. We completed that over the summer by the end of the third quarter of 2014. And we're now working on consolidating the remaining two to one and we are deep into that process and that will carry us into early 2016. And as we've mentioned at Investor Day, we are in the process of simplifying our technology infrastructure overall so we have other platform consolidations under way. Overall we have retired a couple of hundred applications in the last couple of years and we have a roadmap to do more. And that is why, I think Todd and Gerald have said, we are not only managing discretionary expenses carefully, which are kind of short-term things, the transformation process that we laid out at our Investor Day includes technology simplification, insourcing, real estate and facilities actions and other actions which are long-term contributors to the structural costs – reductions, which is why we have confidence that we can sustain good expense discipline over the long term.
Brian Shea: I would add, we still see significant cash balances in money market funds and FDIC in short sweeps-type products. So I think particularly in the fourth quarter there was a little increase in cash management balances on the Pershing platform, for example. Having said that, as Gerald mentioned, we are running the business as if the rates aren't going to rise. But we do think eventually there will be some increase in short-term rates which will help restore yield and fees in the money market fund business. So I guess my one comment -- summary, is the fundamental agreements and structures of the arrangements have not really changed between the money market providers and the distribution platforms. And so my expectation, which is not 100% necessarily right, but it's my expectation is that since the fundamental structure hasn't changed and everyone has shared in the fee waivers on the way down that I think you'll see a sharing of the restoration of fees and yields on the way up. And so we feel pretty good about -- that we will have some improvement as rates rise.
Curtis Arledge: Our wealth management experience has been that low rates have had an impact on the amount of income that clients are getting from their portfolios. And some clients are absolutely looking for ways to increase the overall return on their portfolios but within the framework of definitely aware of the risk environment being challenging. I would tell you that we -- I think our wealth clients have generally had a view of the equity markets being reasonably positive and have not been afraid of risk in the U.S. equity markets generally. But as you think about expanding portfolios and making them were global, some of the things that they are reading and hearing about they have definitely taken a bent to be biased away from it. So again, it's hard to describe an entire client base all in one answer, but generally I would say that there definitely is still sensitivity about volatility in markets in those portfolios overall.
Curtis Arledge: The search for income is real and it's one of the great things about the business we have is the breadth of clients that we are dealing with. As rates are falling there continues to be -- income continues to be the thing that people are increasing their search for whether they are sovereign wealth funds or wealth clients or any other array of our client base.
Curtis Arledge: Yes, hi Geoff, it's Curtis Arledge. So first of all let me tell you that one of the things that is happening -- one of the most significant trends that is happening in the investment landscape is the de-risking of pension plans globally. And so the growth of our LDI business has a lot to do with the fact that pensions -- changes in accounting, substantially lower tolerance for pension surplus volatility has caused pension plans, again on a global basis, to look to de-risk and there are cases where they are hedging that through LDI strategies. And actually as you may have seen, there have been an increasing number of pension risk transfer transactions where pension plans have actually purchased risk insurance and effectively eliminated their pension risk from a market perspective. And that is a major trend that BNY Mellon was very early on playing a pretty important role in, Insight specifically an investment firm that was acquired several years ago is a market leader there. We have other LDI products at Standish and Mellon Capital and really work closely with pensions globally on this. I like the way you asked the question about the profitability. It's a very profitable business. Sometimes in the marketplace people use the fee and the word fee and the word margin interchangeably. The fees are generally lower but the margins are attractive. It's a great business. Also in the fact that you are not just providing a product to a client, you are actually evaluating their entire asset liability framework and truly the word solution that gets used too much I think in the marketplace. You do help them with the overall portfolio solution. So for the portion of their portfolio that they don't hedge you still have to help them think about how that should be invested and that has actually led to follow-on capabilities that we have being used by those clients. And so it has been a great springboard into other businesses with those clients. So it's a very large trend. As you are seeing with falling rates, pensions are once again experiencing falling funding ratios. Funding ratios had gotten into the mid-90s. They are kind of back into the high 80s, sort of on average. And it is just continuing to be one of the things that private corporate plans are very focused on and increasingly public plans also.
Curtis Arledge: Yes, it's very attractive. Again, the fees per AUM are lower. The AUM is quite large, generally. We are talking about some clients will actually hedge the majority of their plan and then again it also leads to a broader relationship. I will tell you that some of the -- some clients will pay a slightly higher fee and others want to pay a lower fee and have a performance element to it, and some of our performance fees actually come from that. So the management fee is not always the entire fee. You have to look at the total fee dynamic.
