Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. Well, some of it's going to happen naturally if we go back to the normal rate environment, and we'd expect that to take place, Betsy, over the next 5 years. But if we had to take more direct actions, we have, for example, encouraged some deposits to come on rather than be out in money market funds, so we could redirect some of that activity, for example, to reduce the deposit base.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, I really haven't -- I don't know, Gerald, whether you -- whether we're going to reach out to clients.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, Alex, we did get a modest benefit in this quarter, and we'll expect it to pick up a little bit going forward as the number of the securities extended and therefore, we amortized the purchase premium over a longer time period. It was a little bit of the reason for the benefit, for the increase in the second quarter, and we'd expect that to continue unless or until rates were to come down.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I know what the number is, Alex. But it's a little bit misleading for me just to give you the number. The actual number is larger but it's because of the mix of assets. So the way to think about it, as the existing assets, if they got extended, the amortization of that premium is going to be extended, net-net benefit was about $5 million or so for the quarter. And we would think it would be more than that in the future quarters.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It could be pretty meaningful, Alex -- I mean Josh. So I think we could get there depending on which ones we pull. I think what we're trying to indicate, if the rule is as it's currently stated, we can get comfortably in place over a reasonable time period of a couple of years well ahead of when the final ruling, without doing anything too dramatic.
Thomas P. Gibbons: In terms of NIR, the biggest benefit we get is on the short end of the curve. So we get a little bit from the extension of the -- on the longer end of the curve from the extension of the unamortized premium. But the short end is where we get the biggest buck, and that would kick in -- the lending portfolio would kick in against a lot of our free deposits since most of our assets are shorter duration and a lot of it is in the form of cash, as we had just pointed out. And we'd also get a pick up from the longer part of the curve on our pension expense. So 100 basis point increase in rates is worth probably about $60 million a year in our pension expense. And if you put the combination of higher rates and good equity performance, then we could finally see some relief in pension expense starting next year. Also, as it pulls in the probability of an earlier Fed move, there's going to be some value reflected probably in the LIBOR curve, which helps a number of our businesses, including sec lending.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And Luke, we don't provide a waterfall around our custody business. But we do -- it is more concentrated in fixed income. So it did benefit from some of the upside but certainly less than the equity markets have. So it's hard to decipher that just from looking at what you're -- just from estimating as I think you've done it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: But, Howard, when we budgeted for this year, we recognized if we made these -- if we continue to invest in these initiatives, it was going to have a negative impact on our operating leverage over the course of the year. It just has to. And we decided that it was worth it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, that's why I kind of walked you through the numbers and that -- in the numbers that I walked you through in terms of the capital generation and the return don't even take into consideration any growth we might expect over the next couple of years. So before I go on speculate on something like that, Howard, I need to have a little more clarity around exactly what the rule is going to be. In the meantime, just like we did with the Tier 1 common, we're not going to take any knee-jerk reaction and change anything until we get a good sense of where the rules are. The other thing is we haven't been managing to it. So if you think about it, back when we -- when the Basel III Tier 1 common rule was introduced and we first disclosed, we've reduced our risk-weighted assets by 25% under that rule, under the advanced approach. We haven't had any impact on our business by reducing that 25%. It's just making -- it's just optimizing and being more efficient, and we haven't even begun that process around the supplemental leverage ratio or the new Basel III rule. So I'd like to be able to take some time, first of all, to understand what the rule is and to pour over the data before I answer that question.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Ken. The -- we are a bit ahead. I mean, part of the reason was we took some more aggressive actions in the fourth quarter last year related to our real estate footprint, and we will start to reap the benefits of those. It does tend to be lumpy, so that there are actions that we're taking in a particular quarter that may pay off. So you may see a couple of quarters where it could actually be flat. And in fact, we would have thought that might have been the case, but we were able to do some more in the fourth quarter of last year. Hopefully, we're going to beat it, so we put out a target that we thought we can meet. We intend to meet it or beat it. But as Gerald said, we're also investing in our businesses elsewhere, and we've used some of that benefit frankly to drive -- try to drive the future revenue opportunities.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And Cynthia, for the rest of the company, in fact, fee waivers are about consistent with the size of our businesses, about 25% to 30% of the impact is felt by the Investment Management side and the remainder by the Investment Services side. It's largely driven by very short-term rates and the best correlation is just to the fed funds effected, which inched it down a basis point or so in the quarter and it continues to trade at about that level. So we've indicated in the past that it's about $0.05 or $0.06 right now a quarter with where these -- where the fee waivers are running for the entire company in terms of the pretax income impact.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I think I'd add to that, Mike, these investments, of all the things that we do, the ones that have the greatest probability of actually meeting our expectations will be this type of an investment. But the challenge is it's a long payback period. So you invest and you see it 2, 3, 4 years out. But we think it's -- we just need to continue because there's real value there to building this organically. It would be great if there was something that was a perfect fit, but if there's not, we're going to have to do it organically.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I'll just add one thing to that cost question, Mike. The agreements that govern the trust provided by BNY Mellon's trustee, we're indemnified for any losses, liability or expenses. So if there are higher expenses, we should indemnify them.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Gerard, I could barely hear you, unfortunately. I'm not sure what's wrong with the communications, but...
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, if you deducted cash -- the way to look at it is we've got about a $360 billion balance sheet. And if you deducted cash and government-guaranteed securities that's $200 billion. So, yes, that throws us way over.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Under the way -- and I always want to phrase it under the way they're currently proposing that it'd be calculated.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we certainly take it into consideration. We model the sensitivity to it and we've become a bit more defensive in both what we're buying and which account that we're placing it. So that we could -- as we get closer to the ultimate days that the Fed actually does something, it will be less impactful. But securities are still a big part of our balance sheet. So as a percentage basis, it is something for us to keep an eye on.
Thomas P. Gibbons: There are 2 drivers. One is actually cost of funds decline. So if you look at our interest earning deposits, they declined from -- 1 basis point. Now 1 basis point doesn't sound like a lot, but $140 billion and actually -- it actually adds up, so we went from 8 to 7 basis points. The other thing is we did -- we called our trust preferreds, which fell through the deadline, those were relatively expensive. So we got a nice kicker from a reduced cost of funds and the -- then the other driver is mix. So we did see an increase in our loan portfolio. We'd like it to be a little bit bigger, but we did see an increase in the loan portfolio. We saw a modest increase. Actually the securities portfolio from period to period was about flat. It was bigger on average. But from period to period, it was about flat. So we saw a decline on the available for sale and an increase, Jim, in the health of maturity as we use that a little more aggressively. So we think that as -- and then we saw a little bit of a benefit from the fact that the unamortized premium is going to slow down. So that helped us a few million dollars, or $5 million or $6 million as well. So you take that into consideration on a go forward, we're going to pick up the benefit from the -- the benefit from the unamortized premium and will be more than offset from allowing the duration to shorten a bit.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think, that's the way to look at it. We think we can hang in here without doing a lot to the portfolio.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, I think the client impact, Betsy, which I think relates to your unfunded commitment issue, is I think many of the institutions are going to look at unfunded commitments in terms of their capital treatment or their leverage treatment. And so perversely, it may cause the industry to lower some of those commitments or let them fall off because they don't pay a whole lot, and they have high capital traction particularly in the leverage ratio. So some clients may want to weigh into the -- as already said, they may see some negative impact on availability of credit as a result. We have not anticipated that in our discussions with the supervisors. Our -- the most -- the main points that we're going to talk to the supervisors and -- through the comment period is the treatment of cash at central banks. It's kind of perverse to think that we have to hold capital against cash that we hold at central banks. So the bulk of our discussion or comments are going to be in that category, which is a meaningful impact to us as it relates to the leverage ratio.
Gerald L. Hassell: Oh, the reimbursement, I'm sorry. The reimbursement was about half of the increase in the issuer -- in the corporate trust component of the issuer services lines, Alex. And that's kind of an episodic, I think, for us. From time to time, we see it. So we agreed to take on whatever expenses are to meet the clients' needs, and then that gets paid through to us on the revenue side. So you see it, typically, matches up. It doesn't always match up in the same quarter. But typically it matches up in the same quarter. We called it out this quarter because it was uniquely large and we wouldn't expect it to be that large every single quarter. As regard to the impact of higher rates and issuance, Tim or maybe even Curtis could add to that.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, sure. The -- it's Gerald here. It's basically included in the operational excellence initiatives, in the table, we've already outlined for you that we are continuing to produce quarterly. We are making further progress, as you can imagine, as part of our annual strategic planning process and getting ready for the budget cycle coming up in the end of the year. We are targeting further investments in simplifying the operating platform that will yield longer-term expense benefits. We're not ready to publish those numbers for you yet but it is part of our psyche to go after that even more aggressively than we have in the past.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. It's a great question because we are in fact using some of those operational excellence savings and reinvesting in the businesses that aren't yielding necessarily bottom line income right now. But we are convinced, and we're seeing it empirically in ourselves, that the investments are starting to pay off. I cited some of the APAC platform, the Asia Pacific platform, of using the Pershing technology to introduce a separately managed account offering in the Asia Pacific region. We've gotten approval for it. We have our first client for it. We have several other clients lined up for it. And so we've been bearing all of that expense, of both the technology and enhanced distribution and sales capabilities in the investment management area. All that expense is being borne in our P&L today, and we think it's going to yield revenues and earnings in the future. So we are trying to do that delicate balance of reinvesting some of those savings in our future growth and delivering some profitability to the shareholders. We think we've gotten a pretty good balance here so far, but it's something we talk about everyday.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, let me just add if I could, as a reminder, we do have a very different business model than everybody else where the supplemental rule is being applied. We are a very, very highly-liquid organization, which as Todd pointed out, we have almost $200 billion of either cash or a very, very high-grade government and agencies securities on our balance sheet. And so yes, our leverage ratio by absolute levels is relatively low, but it's relatively low because we have a highly -- and we have a very different business model that's highly liquid and very low risk weighted assets. We have to rethink some of the levers that Todd just described on deposits, unfunded commitments, the treatment of certain types of assets, et cetera. We think we have those capabilities within our tool set to be able to manage to the new requirements over the course of time that it's been laid out. So I do want to stress that we do think we have many tools available to us long before we consider interrupting our planned capital returns.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, and, Ken, maybe just to add, we do have a diverse set of businesses within Investment Services, which is a plus. And we're trying to rely less on fixed income securities as the driver for our businesses. And so as Tim pointed out, Pershing is a very good example where it's a terrific platform that serves the end investor, the end individual investors. The individual investor moves more into equities and more into other instruments, that's a plus for us. We see the DR business being more equity driven. A lot of our asset servicing wins have been more equity-based or more fee-based, not tied to assets under custody. So we are further diversifying our revenue streams and being less tied to fixed income securities. And that's a conscious effort on our part.
Gerald L. Hassell: Mike, wealth management has always been a business we love. And I've personally been a strong proponent of our wealth management business. I wish it was a larger percentage of our company, and we're just making good investments in people and in some of the infrastructure to make a more competitive and more markets across the countries. So it's a good business, it's a very sound business for us, it's a steady grower, it's got good margins, it has all the right attributes and utilizes our investment management capabilities. So we think it's got all the right attributes for further investment. So it's just one of the examples of many examples, where we're investing in our businesses for long-term growth.
Gerald L. Hassell: Mike, we think we've managed this process and our role as trustee in these securities quite well. It's going through the typical court process. You're going to hear lawyers from all sides argue their case. We think we've handled our duties properly, and that's all I can say.
Gerald L. Hassell: Mike, for the very large clients, the largest investment managers or sovereign wealth funds around the world, continue to remain very price competitive and we try to win on service capability, value-added capability rather than win on the pure commoditized settlement of it. And that's why the diversified business model we have and the different solutions sets we have to offer, we think has put us in a competitive -- positive competitive position. The pure custody business is very commoditized. I will grant it. And that's why some of the operational excellence and some of the expense initiatives we have in place to constantly improve our operating platforms so that we can, in fact, maintain our operating margins as part of the nature of the business. Overall, the company's operating margins are quite healthy and we showed strong revenue growth, we improved our operating margins, and we're investing in our businesses for the future. So we like these businesses. There are elements of it that are clearly commodity driven.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, I don't want to give guidance and speculation, but we wouldn't be making the investment if we didn't think we could meaningfully increase the rate of growth in the wealth management business. We've -- as Todd said, it's pretty predictable when we make these kinds of investments, how the growth rate actually increases. You're starting to see some of it in things like loans and deposits, which is the easiest thing to point to, where we've had meaningful growth already. We had almost 20% increase on both of those categories year-over-year. So it's starting to show up in the numbers already.
Gerald L. Hassell: Right. As I said in my opening comments, we're seeing it in the optimization and segregation balances, and then it's starting to show up in some of the fees. We're not breaking it out yet. It's basically included in the overall investment services fees. But one of the reasons for the year-over-year growth is then related to that. We're also seeing it in some of our secured loan category, which is part of the optimization. And so that's one of the reasons why our net interest income and our secured loans are up. But Tim, maybe you want to add some comment.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, thank you very much, everybody for dialing in. We really appreciate it. And if you have any other comments or questions, please reach out to Andy Clark and the rest of our IR team. Thank you very much all.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, maybe I'll look at the new business pipeline. We've been encouraged, I think, particularly in the U.S., CLOs remain pretty strong. We've seen very good growth particularly this quarter outside the U.S., and the pipeline is surprisingly strong in corporate trust. Although as we've said before, I'd certainly characterize new business that's coming in being priced a little bit lower and thinner than what we see rolling off. And I know you didn't ask but I'd also say the pipeline in the DR business has picked up nicely. So I'm encouraged by the outlook on the issuer services side. Curtis, I don't know if you have a point of view on interest rates.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, I would say we track a lot of things. I'd say we've been a net winner. We track net wins versus net losses. I think one good point for our industry is we see a lot more clients outsourcing, about 1/3 of our pipeline in new business, is new business for our industry versus takeaways from the competition. I am encouraged if you put securities lending aside in our core asset servicing business, you'd see our fee is growing at 6% versus AUC growing at 4%. It's always good for us. If you look at a new client versus organic growth, new clients bring, generally, more expense with it. So I think it's actually a good sign that we see net new and organic tilting towards organic because it has less expense with it. And I think we're also seeing our investments in particularly collateral services, which Gerald outlined, is a big driver of our new business pipeline. So the things we look at, net new, are we winning more than we lose? Yes, we are. Win rate of 52%. But I'm encouraged by the organic flows and people coming back into the market.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, maybe we start at investment services first. Todd mentioned the broad-based growth we're seeing in fees, where we're really pleased that, that's really across the board. Clearing has been leading the way. We're seeing some interesting drivers there. We're seeing a small and mid-sized brokers get out of self-clearing. We're seeing private banks looking to us for unique product set. You're seeing core issuer services, net wins and organic growth. We're seeing good uptick in our issuer business. So broad-based, one point is, we're delighted that the core business is growing, and we're seeing the new business convert. Todd mentioned, we are highly geared towards fixed income. So we continue to be aggressive on the equity mix. We didn't mention that we have about $350 million left to convert, which is about twice what we did this quarter. So it is a little harder. We're seeing less gearing to AUC in core asset servicing also, because outsourcing our collateral and our transfer agency and subtransfer agency businesses are playing an increasingly important role in the portfolio. But as I step back and look across all of that, we like the fact that the core businesses are growing, pipeline is incredibly strong, our win rate is high and the new things that we've been investing in are pulling through. And over that -- over the cycle, that portfolio should perform very, very strongly.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Brian, thanks for the question. I mean, I still go back to Dodd-Frank, it's still about only 1/3 written EMIR, the European cousin to Dodd-Frank about the same. These regulations continue to be phased-in. The buy side's claiming a more important role because they have to comply with these regulations as well, so we're doing a lot of education of the clients. I mean Gerald nailed it between secured term, loan financing, the number of accounts we're segregating. The amount of collateral we're reinvesting through our portal, all the vital signs there are very healthy. About 1/3 of our asset servicing pipelines being driven by overall activity in collateral. But I think the 2 areas -- and so I think those services will continue to grow as clients are forced to put more the derivatives volumes through CCPs and collateralize them. So that will happen steadily over time. And then the 2 services that are going to become increasingly more important to clients probably in mid-'14 and later is segregating all of their collateral positions around the world and then providing optimization services on top of that, and we charge for both of those things. So I don't know if that characterization is helpful, but those are the areas that we've been reinvesting in our technology capabilities.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, I would say the majority of it is behind us, Brian. We're testing aggregation now with a couple of clients. Yes, so I would say most of that investment is behind us. It's now more the ground assault marketing effort in getting out and talking mostly to the buy side.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes, our pipeline going into the third quarter is as attractive as it's been in a very long time. I would tell you that we actually had a pretty decent pipeline in the second quarter that we're working through. And I think in mid-June when the said tapering dynamics played a role and people were thinking about where the rule might be going next, we did see people hesitate a little bit. But it does seem like the pipeline discussions we're having with clients are pretty promising. I will tell you that I think the other dynamic that's happening is that, as you know, we have a very large LDI business. And with higher rates, we actually have seen many people who were thinking about LDI being more interested in actually coming into it. So I know everybody wants a pretty great rotation, but I would actually tell you that there are absolutely flows both ways from clients as rates have risen.
Curtis Y. Arledge: So there's definitely been a trend towards LDI. The biggest part of our LDI business today is in the U.K. and one of our initiatives has actually been to expand. We have U.S. businesses as well, but we really are growing pretty rapidly in the U.S. and in other developed parts of the world, where our pension funds have not been as aggressive in using LDI strategies. So that definitely is a trend. And at some point when LDI is fully on play with clients who wanted to go that direction, I think you will see it leveling off. I will tell you that some clients have looked at moving it internally and in some cases have done that. I think managing their liability, liabilities across the world of different complexity. In the U.K., they have an inflation component that is sometimes complex to manage against and they work with us to do that. And I think clients make different decisions on whether to do it in-house or not. But so far, I would tell you that the trend has been more to work with investment management firms and we've been a real beneficiary of that. The firms that we -- our investment firms that provide LDI services, one of the great things that they do is they really do understand client liabilities. And those liabilities can be very defined as in the case of a pension fund or they may need a tremendous amount of analysis in the case of even individuals, high net worth clients in a broader range of institutions. And so a lot of the intellectual capital and modeling tools around the liability side, I think, can be applied much more broadly to the full universe of investing clients. I think it's part of what you see spawning the broader solutions movement that's happened in the investment management landscape. And we think we're extremely well positioned to be a leader in the solution space helping clients understand their liabilities and how to invest against those liabilities. So LDI is absolutely a very large trend, we expect to continue for a while and we think that we are also well positioned to evolve it as the market evolves. But that -- I really do believe that's years away.
Curtis Y. Arledge: I'll give an investment management answer. This is Curtis Arledge again. I'll give an investment management answer and maybe Todd or Tim, if you guys want to talk more broadly. We absolutely had seen an increase in fee waivers in this quarter versus a year ago. Some of that actually is we have been working to -- the rules have been proposed by the SEC, we see clients starting to think about what their longer-term plan will be, and we have absolutely seen, I think, we're better positioned. We think that we're going to be one of winners in the new money market world. Institutional prime funds, we think, are going to end up taking less risk. The yields will be different -- will be less different, less varied across providers. And we're -- we think we're very well prepared to benefit from an environment where clients are more focused on sponsor that they work with. Being the safest bank in the United States, doing really well, all the stress tests and whatnot is definitely on our client's radar screen. We've seen where we work with other parts of investment services and increasing usage of us in our money market funds by clients that are coming to us either from asset servicing or from Pershing or other parts of our company. So part of the reason we have increased fee waivers is absolutely because rates -- part of it is also because we think our business is actually doing well. So there's a revenue offset to much of the fee waiver business. We've done a lot of analysis of our client base. We've looked pretty closely at options that may play out when reform actually is put into place. There essentially are 4 paths that we think make up the bulk of where clients will go in the money market world with institutional prime assets. For those that absolutely have to have constant NAV, many of them will choose going through treasury and government funds. Again, we will lose revenue on that institutional prime side, but pick up some share of that revenue in our treasury and government funds. Some subsegment of our client base have said that they will accept floating rate. It's not a large portion of it, but some will. Others will stay with the constant NAV with liquidity gates if both of those end up being -- going forward as proposed. And then finally, there will be some that exit that need to move to deposits or to other types of stable investments. When we look across the whole thing, we think it's going to have an impact but not an incredibly large impact. Some of that driven by the fact that we've already seen a diminution in our profitability from the low-interest rate environment. So again, if rates normalize, we actually think a lot of assets will come back to the money market space. We think we'll see meaningful growth there potentially. And it may not be what it would have been without reform, but we again think we're well positioned. Maybe the last thing I'd say, this whole leverage ratio discussion, to the extent that if cash and high-quality assets, treasuries and agencies are not excluded from the calculation and banks broadly end up owning fewer of them, you would think that, that would shrink the demand side of the equation and actually push short-term yields up, which would shrink our fee waivers. So there are some positive offsets to some of these leverage ratio discussions in our earnings profile.
