Gerald Hassell: Before we open the line for our questions, let me offer a couple of more thoughts. As a reminder, this is our ninth consecutive quarter of solid performance against our EPS goals. I also want to remind you that we have a well-diversified, lower risk business model that is largely fee-based with recurring fees representing nearly 80% of our revenues. Now that positions us to consistently deliver solid quarterly results and higher risk-adjusted returns versus other financial institutions. And we're executing our strategic priorities to deliver even greater value for our clients and our shareholders. With that, operator, we can now open it up for some questions.
Gerald Hassell: Well, we break out a lot of detail already, Alex. Breaking out a particular individual line item is just too complicated. Considering it's both for the buy-side as well as the sell-side, it goes across asset servicing and our markets business, and so to segregate it and to call it out individually would be pretty tough. That being said, it is an increasingly and in demand set of solutions. And so it was initially around collateral management, and then it became segregation issues around the new regulatory environments down the world. Now we're shifting into collateral optimization and building the engines for that on a global basis. So we still feel very positive about its growth trajectory on a global basis for both the buy-side and the sell side.
Gerald Hassell: Glenn, if I could just add - you know, on the supplemental leverage or enhanced supplemental leverage, it's actually very nice to see Governor Trilo [ph] in his final speech specifically call it out related to the custody banks. If we see some movement, I'm a little bit optimistic, we will. It will allow us to have a more flexibility with their balance sheet. As you know, over the course of the last year, we pushed deposits out which is counter-intuitive to what a bank is supposed to do. And so I think by some relaxation of that that will give us more flexibility on the balance sheet and whether it's repos or repo financing or accepting customer deposits and putting those deposits to work which can create more income and it could just give us more flexibility in the future.
Gerald Hassell: Why don't I give you a couple of headline numbers, and then Brian you may want to give some color commentary on the natural initiatives with individual clients. But today, we have about 60,000 users on our NEXEN Gateway. 11 different businesses within the company are consuming it or putting applications up on it. We have about 17 different clients who are accessing our API store, we have about 140-or-so APIs in our store. There is about another 100 APIs that are queued up to go into the store. And so we're seeing a pretty significant take-up. And then the data that's coming out of our digital pulse has been captured and consumed mostly internally to improve our operations and find pockets of ways to automate and reduce our own structural cost. So generally, the take-up has been quite positive and the businesses are using it, and we're seeing real applications up and running on it.
Gerald Hassell: Yes, Betsy, the live situations with a number of clients tend to be around data aggregation and them being able to pull data out of the system in a much more easily consumed way versus us pushing mounts of reports that take days to produce. And we've been able to shorten that reporting cycle down to minutes and in some cases for different fund companies and hedge funds. So that's the initial set of applications.
Gerald Hassell: Well, let me take a high level stab at it and then Todd, you can weigh in some. I think the way we contemplated, to the extent that we have some sort of change in tone on the regulatory side that we can actually direct some more of our resources and frankly, some of the higher intellectual capital that company is can be consumed by regulatory requirements, if we can redirect it to new products and solutions and that is our goal as opposed to taking it dollar-for-dollar reduction in whatever expenses we may have from regulatory relief. We'd like to invest more in some of the businesses and some of the solutions. We like to invest more in further automating the company which will drive better operating efficiencies for the long-term. And so we would like to see some of it continue to go to shareholders, but a lot of it reinvested in the company for future growth and for future improvements in our strategy and technology and automation.
Gerald Hassell: That's highly speculative on my part. I'm just seeing it - if you were to correlate. You might be right, Brennan, if you were to correlate the 200 to the buffer - in the G-SIB [ph] buffer and you use the same regime to calculate it, something like half I think would be a reasonable estimate. But you're right, it could be a little bit more than that.
Gerald Hassell: Thank you very much, everyone, for dialing in today and your interest in us. And I'm sure you'll have some follow-up questions with Valerie and the rest of our IR team. So thank you, everyone.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure, Ken. Good morning. I think as we've guided in the past, we do see some sensitivities to interest rates to the balance sheet. In fact, it moved pretty much - the deposit base has moved pretty much along the lines that we had anticipated. So we saw in the quarter, on average, deposits down about $15 billion. That has - since actually gone up a little bit, but it feels like it should be fairly steady there. The betas themselves are pretty low; so if you - as you see from our disclosures in the quarter, our interest rate paid on deposits moved from a negative 1 to 3 basis points positive. So about 4 basis points with the 25 basis point move. Remember not all of this is dollar denominated but 75% of it is. So far that move, you could kind of look at the beta somewhere between the 20% and 25% range. We would expect those betas to creep up as interest rates continue to go up. So what we would expect to see is a little bit of contraction in the balance sheet and a little bit of expansion in the net interest margin, and that's why we think we can continue to see the growth that we're talking about in NIR. So not a whole lot further contraction in the balance sheet is what we currently expect.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, that is obviously a little bit disappointing that the yield curve has remained so flat. It was not when you do modeling, you typically do it assuming a parallel curve. Although when we're doing our forecasting, we are forecasting and off of a forward rate curve. So the assumptions that we're making here is that the market will follow the forward rate curve and obviously, the forward rate curve for longer term rates has come down with the rally in the markets over the past months or so. So the answer to the question is we would expect off of that forward rate curve to see; first of all, a substantial amount of those securities portfolio are floating, so clearly they are going to reset with the LIBOR resets and the remainder is repricing a substantial amount as repricing each year. And we would - given those two factors, we would expect to grind the yield up in that securities portfolio overtime in the rate environment.
Thomas Gibbons: Glen, it's Todd. I'll take this. I think there are actually two; if any release comes on the SLR, I think there's two approaches to it. One is that they would change the denominator a bit just as you described, maybe they would exclude from that riskless securities such as treasuries or Central Bank deposits. The alternative is to adjust the enhanced SLR to the additional 200 basis points; similarly, the way they do to the G-SIB [ph] buffers that are required on the risk-weighted ratios. And that is what Governor Trilo [ph] recommended specifically in his departing speech. And we would assume that perhaps given where we are on a G-SIB [ph] buffer, relative to others, that might be about half. So that just kind of paints the picture for possible future rule changes. All that being said, we still have - I don't think you would see a dramatic change necessarily in how we have to manage capital because the CCAR would still be constrained by the leverage ratio, the traditional leverage ratio itself. So we would need to take that into consideration. It would make it easier for us to meet our spot ratios, we're one of the few institutions that tends to more constrained by spot but that's really no longer the case with where our capital is today. So now we're in a pretty good position. It would probably put us in a position to take on certain types of low-risk activities that we wouldn't have otherwise taken. I mean, it would increase the deposits activities, there are certain lending types of activities that might be a little more attractive to us than they would have been. So I think number one, it is a possibility that we could expand into certain activities and manage our capital a little bit tighter. The other potential outcome is if there is a reduction, for example, around treasures and Central Bank deposits; we would expect that to promote more activity in the repo markets in other markets that we serve, so that - that could potentially be a positive to the fee generation of the company.
Thomas Gibbons: So for us, Glenn, it's really the resolution plan. So we - as you know, we've got feedback on the resolution plan. Last year we responded to the deficiencies in October, we got positive feedback on the deficiencies but there were other options that we needed to deliver by July 1. We have a significant number of people, I mean, a very significant number of people focused on delivering this resolution plan; that comes with quite a few investments. We had said in the past that the investments associated with that probably had between the capital and other spend of over $140 million. We are in the highest burn rate point right now, up to the delivery of it on July 1. And then we would expect to see a little bit of relief thereafter. Of course, we'll then be waiting for feedback, and I'm sure we'll continue to evolve and improve the plan over the next few years. But I think we've made great progress and it has come in at a significant cost.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure, Brian. So there are basically two types of hedging that goes on. So if you look at our long-term debt, most of that debt, we have to swapped to floating. And if the hedge on that from time to time based on interest rate movement but there will be a component of that that is deemed to be ineffective. That ineffectiveness is run through net interest income. Overtime, it will work itself out to zero but they are long-term hedges. So one quarter, it might be up a little bit; one quarter, it might be down. It was unusually positive in the fourth quarter of 2016. So when you look on our schedule on the earnings release on Page 7 and you look at the yield on long-term debt, that's where the noise is coming from. That long-term debt is basically just floating. But you might have noticed in the quarter that we saw - in the fourth quarter we saw a 136 yield down substantially from the third quarter. That was because of gains on that - from the ineffectiveness otherwise, it would have been about 163. Moving to the first quarter, you saw it pop up to 185, well, if you adjusted for the - if you take into consideration the impact, it would have been down about 6 basis points from that. So it's moving up as you would expect it to move up on average with the movement in LIBOR since that has been primarily swapped. So I think it's not a whole lot more complicated than that. There is one other element and so that doesn't impact other trading at all. We also hedge the spread between the overnight rate and LIBOR, and that does not get hedge accounting treatment on those swaps. So a gain or loss on those runs through directly through trading and that creates some noise as well. And again, that's just averages itself out; sometimes it's a positive, sometimes it's a negative. So the impact to this quarter has effectively overstated the fourth quarter NIM and overstated the fourth quarter's earnings by about $40 million and understated a little bit by this quarter, and that was ultimately had about a 6 basis point sequential negative impact to the NIM. So when we look out forward, we just assume that's going to average itself out, it's very difficult for us to predict, and that's why we do call it out.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, yes, it is. I'm not suggesting we've got a recovery from anything that we've done now. Just going forward, we assume it's zero.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, it looks - it depends on the day that you do the calculation but as we prepared for this we had two additional Fed hikes in that forward curve.
Thomas Gibbons: Potentially. I mean, we've - as you know, we've issued quite a bit of preferred over the past couple of years and we've kind of changed our capital stack. So I think we're pretty comfortable with that capital. In fact, we probably have a little more space that we could go if we wanted to. So if the SLR demand - and it's largely to drive the Tier 1 capital which is the numerator for the SLR. So if SLR changes took place, we would have to rethink that; so I think the answer to that is yes, Betsy.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, no, we're - there are some non-calls on those but we're quite comfortable with the capital and the cost of the capital. I mean, some of those seems to be below 5%; so it's certainly less costly than Tier 1. So my expectation is that we would keep it in place. It's just a question of how much future issuance that we would do.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, the $140 million guidance is something that we provided a while ago which is what we thought is the number of projects that we're going to require to invest and would ultimately cost us between capital and expense. The capital will obviously ultimately become an expense. We've not given additional information against that, but as we responded to last year's letter, we have increased the run rate spend, just the monthly run rate spend, on a number of different components of the resolution plan requirements. That is what we expect to see to wind down a little bit in the second half of this year.
Thomas Gibbons: I wouldn't say anything specific that would be - or shattering. Just continuing to deliver all the capabilities of the company through a single gateway and also enabling them through APIs to integrate with us the way they want to work. Those are the two big drivers. And frankly, longer term as we execute this more fully, we're going to be easier to do business with and to Gerald's earlier point about improving the client experience, it's going to improve the client technology experience significantly, and it's going to make it easier for them to do more business across the company. So not only - so we see this really creating long-term value for the company.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure, Geoffrey. It's Todd, I'll take this. So first of all, our minimum for the common equity Tier 1 is 8.5%, so we're at 150 basis points over that on a full - for the fully phased-in. So we feel like that feels like a pretty decent buffer, certainly it's adequate we would think for most of stress test at least as we've seen them in the past. I think the - in terms of the SLR, I think that had been the binding constraint in the past but now that it's up at 5.90% or close to 6%, and at 6.60% in the institutional bank where it needs to be at 6%, it too feels like it has a pretty good buffer to withstand two things that could potentially move that. You're not going to see a lot of noise, we wouldn't expect in the risk-weighted assets, so for the common equity Tier 1 ratio but what you could see under the SLR is an expansion of the balance sheet if there were big deposit flows. So we think that gives us an adequate buffer and for that, certainly in this new interest rate environment. And secondly, there are fluctuations and other compressive income that really comes out of the securities portfolio. So we've structured the securities portfolio in such a way that if less rate sensitivity than it had been in the past, and we think it could accommodate some fairly substantial increases in long-term rates which we'd actually kind of like to see at this level of a buffer, so we feel it's pretty well-balanced right now.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, there is what's become known as Basel IV has been batted about quite a bit. At this point, I would say, it's too hard to determine or it's impossible to determine whether there is ultimately going to be adapted. Within that, one of the considerations would be to change the treatment for operational risk, which we would encourage, I think would make some sense. That would probably provide some relief to BNY Mellon. And I think there are some other considerations that may very well offset that around market and other types of less other types. So we don't - A) We don't know whether it's going to be adapted; B) It's not the test that used in the CCAR, it's the standardized test which almost has to be very difficult to run if off the advanced approach and get consistency. So we don't know whether it will be adopted. We're not really sure ultimately what the impact would be to us. It's probably net positive on operational risk and slightly negative on the other items.
Thomas Gibbons: And I would add just a couple of things here. If you think about the U.S. regime, there has been an awful lot of new rule-making that's gone on and actually the implementation cost to comply with that. And I probably said once or twice before that we think that the run rate has probably peaked and I was wrong. But if you think about things like CCAR, even the advanced approaches to calculating the risk-weighted assets, CCAR is continuously developed. The resolution plan, which comes with some new requirements for example, around liquidity and capital management, the liquidity coverage ratio and the - which is a demanding regulatory reporting exercise since we're providing significant amounts of daily information. So we're getting all of that implementation in place and there will certainly be, I'm sure, no matter what the change in the regime, ongoing requirements to improve that. But we'd like to think that we don't see a lot of new rule-making out there because I think we're getting all the way through really the Dodd-Frank requirements. So in the U.S, there probably would be some relief regardless of what comes from - what the regime actually does. I think globally, one of the things that we broke out on our reports, expense report is bank assessment charges. And so the FDIC charges have gone up substantially as have what we see both on the European Resolution Fund, as well as just bank levies in certain parts of Europe. There is the potential for some relief on that but probably even that's a year away. And the other thing I might add, why we want to still be cautious here is that in Europe as we implement method and other additional regulations, the compliance cost there are quite high as well; so we're going to get - I think, some short-term relief; whether that actually rolls into long-term relief or not, it's too early to call.
Thomas Gibbons: Okay. So I'd like not to call them lazy because this is - a lot of this is related to activity that goes on, Corporate Trust activity, Asset Servicing activity, settlements, and so forth. And we do think the betas will increase, so there'll be - and in many instances, we actually have contractual rates that we apply to client deposits. So I think the way to look out at the future is there'll be - just as we saw the spike up in deposits with the Fed easing, I think we'll see that kind of market share gain, if you will, to total deposits come out which it practically has. And then we will start - the business will grow, the deposit size of the business will grow with activity as it has historically. That's our expectation.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, and I'll be happy to comment on that one. And the LCR may very well get some conversation. But I think there's another thing that you should be aware off. In the resolution plan, there's something called the R-Lap which is the liquidity that you need in place in order to go in and manage a resolution plan. That's going to be - it's pretty highly correlated to the LCR, so it could be another - it's another constraint to that. I think that you should be aware off, and we're working through that as we deliver it to the regulators this summer. That being said, the LCR is a constraint. It does limit the types of things that you could do. There is no question that it has an impact on lending. And if you took into consideration that there are probably substantial amount of liquid assets on the balance sheet that don't fall into the denominator, it's probably more constraining than it really need to be. I think conceptually, it's a very good tool. It's how - it's an approach to managing liquidity that makes a heck of a lot of sense. I think perhaps it could be tweaked a little bit; if it were, it would give more - it's another one of these things that will provide more flexibility, probably generate a little bit more NIR.
Brian Shea: So, this is Brian Shea, I'm happy to take that. We feel pretty good about the outlook for the investment services businesses. You're seeing the investment services fee revenue growth up 4%, which is actually improved over what has been a year-over-year more recently. And we think the asset servicing business which is going to benefit from secular trends which are putting pressure on asset managers to transform their operating models and to outsource more of their solutions. So that's why we see growth opportunities in the middle office space, we see growth opportunities from technology solutions; Eagle, that Gerald mentioned is a great example of that. And we see growth in the alternative space, the announcement of the PJM real estate outsourcing opportunity is a great example because most of the market is still in-sources their real estate to fund administration and this is a big growth opportunity for us. So we see - and we see growth opportunities in the EPS administration space and we're investing in all those areas; so we feel good about the long-term prospects in the asset servicing business. The Clearing business is also performing pretty well and we're benefiting from the fact that self-clearing firms are reconsidering whether they want to clear for themselves and pershing has a solid pipeline. As a result of that we're getting good growth in the RA custody business which is benefiting from the Department of Labor Fiduciary Standard. We're getting some mutual fund consolidation drive into the platform again driven by the DOL change where people are moving mutual funds to platform so they can put them under an advisory framework. And so we - and we still see some - and we're getting real leverage between pershing and the private bank. We have record levels now of both - credit facilities established between the wealth management bank and pershing clients and record levels of outstanding credit now over $3 billion in loans provided to those introducing broker-dealers and RIAs. The issue of service business is solid, we have solid share in the markets we're in. Obviously, we benefit from a higher - their issuance environment, Corporate Trust is in the first quarter, the year-over-year comparison is the issuance of global debt is down, something like 15%. But our share of the market is pretty steady, and we're positioned to grow as the issuance market picks up and we're getting good traction in the corporate and insurance space in particular. And of course, we're a leader in the broker-dealer clearing space, U.S. government securities and tri-party repo market; and we've invested heavily in resiliency resolvability, scalability of that business so that we can serve the market well and responsibly, and we expect that business - that will start to grow in the second half of this year and throughout the course of '18. So overall, there are competitive pressures but honestly, we're really focused on what the clients need in this market and what the clients solutions we can use to differentiate ourselves, so we feel pretty good about the prospects.
Brian Shea: Yes, good question, Brian. It's Brian Shea. I would say, this clearing business has been remarkably resilient and despite the fact that we've had some large client losses over the last year or two, mostly driven by global wealth firms exiting the U.S. marketplace which we're big Pershing clients. Despite that, the core underlying business has been performing pretty well and the metrics are starting to improve. We're seeing a pretty solid pipeline of large firms, including self-clearing firms, reconsidering whether or not they're going to outsource their clearing. Those tend to be choppy but we're encouraged by the trend and we think we have the right platform to help to be the solution to that. We're also - have invested in an integrated bank and brokerage custody platform that's very appealing to wealth management firms and to registered investment advisory custody firms. And our registered - our RIA custody business is experiencing double-digit growth and one of the things that's differentiating us is this private banking partnership with the wealth management group. So just to give you an idea, we're up to about $4.8 billion in credit facilities established and over $3 billion in loans outstanding; and that's the private Bank of BNY Mellon making loans available to the high net worth investors of our RIA custody clients and introducing broker-dealers clearing clients, so that's good. From a DOL perspective, it's driving more traditional brokers to the advisory model which is part of the resiliency of that advisory growth and - but we're also seeing now a trend toward mutual fund consolidation, meaning that assets are moving to brokerage platforms or to the Pershing platform as advisors want to actually include mutual funds into an asset allocation or advisory receipt relationship; so that's a positive trend for Pershing. So overall, we have a pretty good outlook and the revenue diversification of Pershing is pretty strong, so it's been resilient.
Brian Shea: Yes, I agree with that. And I would just say, in addition, let's see we're starting to build out the app store and actually, the first third-party vendor will be live in the App Store in the second quarter. We have a pipeline of five or six that have committed that we'll be putting on over the next couple of quarters. And then you know, there is an even more robust pipeline of firms in discussion with us as we sort of execute this vision of delivering the digital investment platform that our clients need to reduce their vendor management integration, discontinuity cost and help - and we're going to enable that through NEXEN. So again, every two weeks, we add more functionality, more capabilities and we're getting more traction with the clients and of course, as a result, the clients are starting to see more value, incrementally every two weeks.
