Todd Gibbons: Sure, good mooring Glenn, its Todd. Our business model is quite a bit different than the E- traders. As you know, we are a B2B; we are not a B2C business, so we don't actually charge commissions. We get paid on a number of different revenue streams like assets, as well as the clearing and settlement. So we don't foresee this as having any material impact at this time.
Todd Gibbons: And Glenn, that wasn't a huge amount of money. I mean we had – we have a lot of liquidity. If there's a little bit of a distortion in the market, we’ll take advantage of it and we did and it had a little bit of help, but it didn’t impact balances.
Todd Gibbons: Okay Bryan. There is a lot there, but let me start that you know with the change at the top, the board executed its succession plan and is going through the due-diligence. It has initiated a search and I have indicated my interest to be a part of that, so that's in the process and we don't have any strict time frames on that, that will flow as it flows.In terms of my own priorities and you know anything tactical that we're seeing, frankly I've been in the middle of driving the change agenda that's been going on that Charlie had lead over the past couple of years, and I really felt like I'm an integral part of it. Actually I've enjoyed it. So what I'm not going to do is revert back to some of the ways that things were. So we're going to continue to drive a very strong performance culture.I see us holding ourselves more accountable. We're expecting – we really expect and demand excellence from each other and I'm not going to let that change, so that’s at the high level. The investments that we're making in technology are going to continue. They are going to be focused on a number of things, not only that we make our services more resilient, that we improve the client experience and where we are having some real successes around improving operational efficiency. So that continues to be high on my list and I think there is a lot more that I would follow in my next point here is that we will automate and continue to approve operations.I think we've got a lot of attraction that we can point to, a lot of successes and opportunity to do more. I got to stay focused on regulatory relations given who we are and what we're doing and so that will be a high priority, and finally you know Mike and I are now pouring through the planning process and we've got to make good decisions around our investment opportunities. We have quite a number of them and that actually will be fun.So I think it's been a very smooth transition. At this point I don’t think anything has changed people and I really am quite pleased with the leadership team, how smoothly they've moved on.
Todd Gibbons: Well, you know the Fed conducts its open market transactions through repo and they do use our repo platform, our tri-party platforms for some of those transactions. It would be very, very modest if any impact to our revenue. So it will obviously impact the rate at which repo trades, but it's a deminimus impact.You know the good news about the business and the tri-party business and our management businesses is it continues to grow. So we've seen – you know we saw a significant growth in the past quarter. Some of that, less than about a third or so of that was from the conversions that we had from last year. But the rest of it is either new clients or additional growth with existing clients.Collateral management and repo, it is growing as the unclear margin rules grow and the demand for secured credit grows. So we like our position there and you know I can go on more about this, because we're – one of our biggest investments is in what we call the future of collateral management, in making our systems interoperable in a way that just makes it seamless for our clients to move collateral; that will have a huge benefit to them. So the key focus for us, but the disruption in the repo market had little if any impact.
Todd Gibbons: I'll take it. I’m looking at Mike here. You know a steeper yield curve and fewer uses; it really isn’t a lot more complex than that.
Todd Gibbons: So no, it was not included in our CCAR plan for this year. So we couldn't – you know we could take that because it hadn’t taken place.
Todd Gibbons: So if you look at our investment management businesses, a number of the businesses are doing pretty well. Our LDI business continues to grow. Our Altrin [ph] – credit business in Alcentra is doing pretty well and in fact our managers in the U.K. are doing reasonably well.Where we are challenged is in our business in the states and we've taken some steps to combine those businesses into what we now call Mellon, but until we see that stabilize, it's going to be – that’s where the challenge really resides. So we need to see some improvement in the performance. We think by combining there are things that we can do operationally to continue to manage the cost, but that's our focus point.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah, I would add to that Alex. This was not a focus of ours in years gone past, especially in zero rate environments and with leverage ratios and so forth, but today we’ve established a couple of these campaigns and we've been pretty successful and you know we’re a very attractive client or counterparty for depositors and we can connect it to the businesses. It makes a lot of sense. The more we can get to payments business, the more opportunity we've gotten to grow our deposit base. So it's largely just increased focused and targeted campaigns.
Todd Gibbons: You know, I think you know – I mean the deposits have been correlated you know in the past to excess reserves, but you sort of – you really need to look at it over a period of time and in any given quarter that may or may not be the case and we'll see how the most recent announcement and activity levels sort of play out and the Fed’s just getting into the market now with this week. I think some of those you know trade settle later in the week for the first time, and so I think it’s too early to know exactly what impact it's going to have and I think you really need to think about it over you know some period of time and quarter-to-quarter it may not play out exactly as the historical trend might indicate.
Todd Gibbons: Okay, Brian why don’t I take the latter part of that and I’ll hand it over to Mike for the earlier part of the question. We've got nearly 100 programs in place so we do continue to see significant opportunity to automate a lot more things like reconciliations. When we look at the accounting platforms and the NAV calculations, there are still many manual processes in there that we are targeting, so I kind of look at – and there are still you know locations that we can – that we need to manage where there's opportunity.And as we look out to 2020 and some of the things that we can accelerate, I'll call out you know a couple of items. Number one, I think around reconciliations we can increase the scalability of the plant. We've actually been applying machine learning and creating much much more automated reconciliation process. It doesn't seem like a lot, but if you think about what we do as a company, it is a massive undertaking with a huge amount of headcount dedicated to it.We’re also investing in a client inquiry system where we’ll digitize all of the clients’ inquiries into us. That doesn't sound like a lot either, but if you can imagine the millions of transactions that we process. If we can automate how we capture inquiries around it, we're also automating our instruction capture and as I mentioned earlier, there's opportunity for us to do more around the accounting services and striking net asset values.So as I look out over the next two or three years, this is not a -- we're not stopping, there's a lot more that I think we can do here.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah, I mean let me go to the beginning of that. When we look at the real estate servicing business, we're growing that quite rapidly from investments that we've made previously and that's just continuing to capture the market. So we see opportunity there without a whole lot of more investment. We’ll have to obviously keep the platform firm.Where we are making some investments is more around private equity and credit platforms, so we've got a couple of potential wins there and we are not just looking at BlackRock, but at others for potential partnerships that we might be able to leverage as well. So yeah, we think in the wealth space, without a huge amount of investment we can continue to capture some growth and some market share.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. Well, I'll start with Collateral Management first. So if you think about our Collateral Management business, it's primarily around tri-party repo, but there are also un-cleared margin rules that are going into effect where the buy side now has to collateralize it's derivative transactions. And those are phased in and so that market is actually growing, so we are benefiting from that.Where we are investing is to make it seamless for our clients to move collateral around the world on our platform, which will make them much more efficient, effectively what it does for them, it reduces the amount of liquidity and capital as they have to commit to their own business. So it generates real funding benefits to them, so they are quite excited about it.The other thing we're doing is we're investing in automation of the rule set. So if you think about the tri-party repo, two parties have that rules and we've automated that rather than making it a manual process which makes it much, much easier for them to initiate transactions. So that's number one.Number two, if you look at the worlds repo market, only about 25% of that uses tri-party today and as we provide these type of services and make it much more attractive for people that are doing things, what they call a bi-lateral repo, which is just doing it directly, so we think we can either use tri-party services or act as a custodian. So we think there is growth potential there, so that's one of the things that were driving for and that will be a two-year process and we're pretty excited about the prospects there. There is a lot of going on in this space.The other question was around Pershing. Yeah, Pershing is a little less impactful on the Collateral Management space. Pershing's really providing, clearance and custody for broker dealers investment advisers and to some extent there is some prime business there with hedge funds as well. And the beauty there is that market is growing, the advisory business is growing quite rapidly, we're on the corporate side of that. So there was some lost business due to consolidations. We’ve now implemented enough new business to start to offset that. I think Mike had made that very clear on previous earnings calls and so we see the - we see ourselves in the potential to start showing growth there.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah, I spelled out the priorities earlier and they really continue to basically be, continue with the change agenda that I've been part of over the past couple of years, and I look forward to continuing to drive that. So we are not going to revert to practices that we are weaker than where I think we are now, that's for sure.In terms of right now where I think we are seeing opportunities is in the wealth space around Pershing and our own wealth management business and we talked about the client business probably in too much detail and I gave you a lot of color there.But asset servicing still has quite a few opportunities, we talked a little bit about alts. But to Mike’s earlier point around attrition, as long as our capabilities are as strong as they are and our service is as good as it is, the attrition rate will go down and I think that, I think we'll keep moving the needle on it. You're always going to have some clients leave for some reason or other. We've got to make it more and more difficult for them to leave. That's why we're pretty keen on these – on these partnerships that we've had.The one that we announced with Bloomberg in the quarter is another indication of that and by being able to make it much more convenient for them to do business with us, by a single sign on through Bloomberg to get all kinds of custody information makes, it more difficult to leave and that's what we want to do.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, hey Glenn, its Mike. If you look at page six of the deck, you know the lease adjusted number for the third quarter was 800. So that’s your jumping off point and so the 4% to 6% off of that base and if you – in my commentary I also mentioned part of the decline is related to the modest benefit we saw from the repo activity in the third quarter, so that’s about a percent of it.
Mike Santomassimo: Correct, yeah it's net interest bearing deposits coming down a little bit, it’s the yield on the portfolio continuing to grind down a bit, and it’s based on where we see the positive balances right now, which are a little bit lower than what we saw in the third quarter, but as you know it’s very early in the quarter to project with a high degree of certainty at this point.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, no. I think the deposits we saw, the incremental deposits we saw in the third quarter were not necessarily related to the repo volatility; that was just underlying client behavior. We made some money by deploying some of our excess liquidity into the repo market, you know during those few days. That coupled with our cleared repo program that we've got you know for clients is where we made the extra money during those few days of the volatility.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah I mean, I think it would take a little bit Brennan, so – but yeah, I mean I think the guidance we gave in terms of sort of being flat, you know year-on-year give or take a little bit still holds.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, and I’ll start with the portfolio Ken. And you know obviously what you are seeing in the portfolio is you know yields continue to grind down as sort of rates have come down. It's really no more complicated I think than that, and about a third of our portfolio re-prices every quarter, either through you know securities maturing and getting reinvested or through the floating rate you know component of it; and in those cases you know the rates in the portfolio are moving ahead of when the Fed moves and so you are going to see a decline in the asset yields first and then when the Fed moves you are able to move deposit pricing down and so you are going to have that lag and so that rates are declining and it's negative – it has a negative impact you know during that period.I think on the pricing side, you know what I said was you know pricing remains competitive, although its stabilized over the last you know 90 days, 120 days or so and so we're seeing you know pretty consistent competition across a whole series of our competitors, but we're not seeing anything that’s irrational you know across that set right now.
Mike Santomassimo: You know, I mean look, I think that's the question I think most people are thinking about and I think as you sort of look at it, it’s really going to – it starts to stabilize when forwards start to stabilize, right, and I think when you look at forwards right now, it's still declining as you look out, and so I think when forwards start to stabilize you’ll start to see the portfolio yield stabilize as well.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, this is Mike. Yeah, as you highlighted, you know we’ve been focused for the – you know the better part of a year or a little over that, sort of really driving more share of client deposits through a whole series of initiatives that I think you know I mentioned in my commentary around treasury services, which is a good example where you know deposits are up you know around 20% and I think that's a great example where you know it's not only about getting deposits.It also brings with it other activity and fees with it as we sort of go after that, those relationships. And I think that effort that we've got is really across every single one of our businesses, with the asset servicing, corporate trust, treasury services, wealth management, and I think at varying degrees we’ve had success in growing our share of operating deposits across the different client segments.
Mike Santomassimo: Yeah, and I think as you think about the charges, that investments we’re making, we've got a very disciplined process to look at the ROI’s and the payback periods for each of the investments and we do that for all of them, so you should assume we’re doing that as we look at the investments we’re making.
Mike Santomassimo: We did fully dispose of the exposure for the utility, so there is no more left. And on the tax rates, it's a little noisy just given the in’s and out’s this year, but we haven't given employer guidance, but what we said in the past was sort of 21-plus or minus. My guess is we'll be a little bit below that 21.
Mike Santomassimo: The Asset Servicing business. Sure, I think Todd can add some color in there. You know I think as we as look at the things that we're doing to continue to improve the quality of the service we have, that is directly aimed at continuing to reduce attrition and improve the service level for our clients and I think where we have put focus on that with our largest clients, we are seeing really good traction and results. I think so when you look at the impact that client losses or attrition had in the quarter, it's pretty similar to what you would have seen over the last number of quarters or a couple of years.
