Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Wendy, Andy and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. As you’ve see from our release we achieved good results this quarter with pretax earnings up 12% year-over-year. We’re reporting earnings of $0.57 per share, with total revenues of $3.6 billion. We also achieved a 3% fee growth in Investment Management and Investment Services, which within a context of what is a persistently slow economic recovery is deep and see growth. Investment Management benefitted from our continued success in attracting new assets. We recorded our 18th consecutive quarter of positive long-term flows, with net long-term in flows of $21 billion. Assets under management was up 14% year-over-year to a record $1.62 trillion. Driven by the continued strong flows into our liability-driven investment strategies. Investment Services fees were also up, benefitting not only from strong growth in clearing, but also a nice growth in asset servicing. Now Investment Services business was also held by the growing contributions from Global Collateral Services. As usage of our optimization and segregation solutions continue to improve. And in Global Markets, the enhancements we’ve made to our electronic foreign exchange platform have helped us attract greater volumes. Now during the quarter the strength and quality of our asset servicing capabilities were recognized in a key market service. Among our peer group, we earned a number one overall score in the R&M Global Custody survey of clients and fund managers. We were also the number one in the expert’s category, which included investment managers who rated 5 or more global custodians. In total, we received 10 number one ranking in our peer group. It’s the latest vote of confidence in our ability to provide the expertise clients need to navigate the challenging times as they struggle to manage regulatory change risk and cost. And we were able to achieve the growth in Investment Management and Investment Services fees in spite of some ongoing sizable challenges. One, the substantial impact of money market fee waivers; and two, the decline in the pretax income of Corporate Trust. As a revenue from structured debt securitizations has run-off faster than a revenue coming from new business. Year-over-year, our rough estimate is that money market fee waivers and a run-off in Corporate Trust fees, accounted for a drive for a total fee revenue growth of approximately 200 basis points. On the expense front, total expenses were down both year-over-year and sequentially. And Todd will cover more on expenses in a moment, but what I do want to emphasis, is that we are taking aggressive action in virtually every expense category from moderate to growth rate here. So, for example, we are controlling a rate of expense growth in technology by in-sourcing application development, reducing storage cost in consolidating platforms. We are reducing our real estate foot print. We are reengineering how we work including rationalizing our client-coverage teams, making it more efficient and allowing us to reduce costs while enhancing the client experience. And importantly, using evidence of all of these moves and our commitment to aggressive expense management this year. I should add that like all large financial institutions, our regulatory control and compliance costs have risen substantially and continued to be high, and I have to say it is a critical that we maintain a great control environment. But now that we are beginning to gain more clarity on the new rules, the rate of related expense growth should begin to slow and that’s encouraging. On the capital front, our capital story is among the very best in the industry. Our key capital ratios continued to strengthen. We achieved an excellent return on tangible common equity at 18%. Now given that significant levels of capital that we generate and our strong capital positions, we have the financial flexibility to invest in our businesses and maintain a high payout ratio, which was more than 80% in the first quarter of 2014. Earlier this month, we announced another dividend increase of 13% which followed a 50% increase last year. So, the bottom-line is we are executing to drive our shareholder value and we are actively aligning our business model and we are focused on managing expenses well and generating strong returns on tangible common equity. With that let me turn it over to Todd.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. That’s associated in some ways with our collateral services area where we provide some level of secured financing to the broker/dealer community as far the optimization segregation, but it’s also around collateral services, around that area. So it’s a program where there are good safe loans, highly collateralized to some of our largest clients around the world.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, and a little bit of it is called term funding. So it’s having the dealers who rely on this short-term wholesale funding. So we’re seeing six, nine months, in some cases one year maturity on these loans. So that helps their clients who have less reliance on wholesale short-term funding and it’s a good earning asset for us.Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. Last one, non-interest bearing deposit growth was up 16% year-on-year. If you look at your foreign deposits, you have like $100 billion. Curious what’s driving the growth and more importantly what’s in the Euro zone, has they contemplate the negative deposit rates? Just curious on how we should expect the balance sheet to react.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, typically you’ll have the interest rate parity that comes towards the hedging of that type of a transaction as long as assuming you’re not taking any FX risk. There is some opportunity to do some of that with the hedging, but again managing your liquidity and also the liquidity coverage ratio targets that the regulators we’re establishing will have to be taken into consideration when you do that, Glenn.Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. That makes sense. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Gerald L. Hassell: In the second half you are right, typically July 1, since where a myriad increase pull through, but we are looking to, I think we are looking to keep most of the expense lines as flat as you can. I think you will see a little bit higher software amortization and it’s going to be a little bit more in the noise than anything. The first quarter you got to remember does also, is also impacted by the acceleration of retirement to eligible employees on their deferred comp. So that should reverse itself in the second quarter.Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it. Thanks guys.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, I guess I have one more comment, Luke, and that is we’re not totally relying on the Dreyfus brand and so the other boutique brands, which have strong names in their own right, are being put on the various channels and various platforms around the world. And so, pick a name; a Newton, a Walter Scott, The Boston company, Standish, all have branding name recognition in their category space and placing those more aggressively on third-party platform is part of the goal here and I think they have good names in order group of assets.Luke Montgomery – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And maybe the last one on this question is, we actually have a BNY Mellon fund family outside the U.S. It’s quite large and actually inside the U.S., it’s about $80 billion north of assets. It’s been primarily used as the way that our wealth management business has managed mutual funds. So trying to assess that, long-term assets is about $66 billion. The Wealth Management in the U.S. being Mellon family is slight around $80 billion and there’s north of $70 billion outside the U.S. So being Mellon brand globally actually is in pretty good condition. And then I would also tell you one of the places that we are very excited about is the ability to connect with our brethren in the Pershing organization who are reaching the RIA and the independent broker/dealer network. That’s substantially more clients and it’s actually a very difficult – quite challenge to reach unless you have the ability to partner with our firm with Pershing and call list they have with those clients. So a lot of opportunity here, we’re excited about it, it will obviously take sometime. We’ve been making investment center. We went a little over a year ago actually we had our board and management team here and approve this investment and we’re excited about progress we’re making already, the teams working very hard in coming together. you may have seen we made senior hire recently, and those people are very important to helping build the brand that we’ll market.Luke Montgomery – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Very helpful, thank you very much.
Gerald L. Hassell: The accretion and there are really two things that are helping us, they are actually negatively impacting the net interest margin; one is the accretion and both on year-over-year and sequential basis it’s about $5 million, and the other is the amortization of the premium. And on year-over-year basis there was about $11 million so that's about $16 million impact, a little less than sequentially. And so that's what’s driving some of that number, I don’t expect that to change too much, so accretion should be kind of in that ballpark as we see these securities just continue the kind of burn off over time. Nothing particular notable in the other side, we did have a litigation recovery or release from our provision of about $12 million and so that’s one of the beneficiaries there, other than that everything is pretty well controlled in the other category.Ken M. Usdin – Jefferies LLC: Okay great. Thanks a lot guys.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, Cynthia. There was a very nice pick up, in securities that on loan picked up during the quarter and we are taking some action on our own parts to put some securities out in the marketplace and satisfy client demand. So, and we are optimistic we’ll see that the rate of growth will continue to improve. Spreads are very low, but the volumes are up. So we’ll take it.Cynthia Nevins Mayer – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay thank you.
Gerald L. Hassell: I think Robert, it’s just a point. I’m nodding at Todd here. It’s really hard to answer that question with any specificity because of the business mix and I just will go back and say that question that was asked earlier. Am I worried at all about the sub-$200 million of AUC/A wins, I’m not we’ve been looking at and quantify what we see the value of the business be in each quarter. And it’s been pretty darn consistent with the last six quarters or so, I don’t know.
Gerald L. Hassell: Good morning. Brennan Hawken – UBS Securities LLC:  Just on the SLR here, a lot of encouraging moments here this quarter. I was just hoping just mechanically may be you could break down the improvement in the SLR to the different components in how much was retained earnings versus daily average balance on the asset side and such. And also give a reminder or some sort of sense Basel kind of what you intend to run rate above the 5% requirement, I hope.
Gerald L. Hassell: Okay, sure Brennan. In terms of the break down between capital generation and what I’ll call is the change in the denominator, it’s about half in capital generation and half the change in the denominator. And so the change in the denominator where really two things as the U.S. is moving towards these Basel adoption of the denominator definitions. What is unfunded commitments get treated using the credit conversion factor that was established under Basel I that was worth about a $20 billion reduction in assets that we have to otherwise have put into our denominator. And then the rest of it was the change from going from an average calculation of the balance sheet to a month end calculation, so the average of three month ends. So, typically we would see balance sheets grow especially a quarter end so a little bit. And you can see our spot balance sheet versus our average balance sheet is almost always higher. That was probably worth about $12 billion or $15 billion in assets, so the combination of the two which is just about…
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, virtually all of the money market business is U.S., we really don’t have much in the way of outside the U.S. money market funds. Most of it is sourced through almost 50% of our money market funds come from our cash with servicing encouraging platforms less than one of the positive synergy, is not worth this much right now. But it is one of positive synergies kind of being associated with large asset servicing book of business. So a lot of the deposits in the money market funds are sourced from internal clients or encouraging platform. That’s the way to think about it so it’s really a U.S. based business.Brennan Hawken – UBS Securities LLC: Back to the split between treasury and client I don’t have a stuff in my head, Gerald.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes it moves rapid, and we have a – so let me give you some general answer. So it’s we have a much larger institutional in retail money market business, and a much larger treasury then client compared to many others. Again the numbers you’re rounding, it’s a pretty meaningful treasury business.Brennan Hawken – UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So, if we think about where the market is in those various break down. You guys probably – with its skew more to the treasury side than the product market business.
Gerald L. Hassell: Okay. We’ve been making investments over the last year, year and a half in that stage. It’s starting to show up in the investment services achieve, it’s one of the contributors to the growth there. We don’t break it out individually. Right now, we’re seeing more in the segregation category, I being the custodian for the segregated assets around collateral services. At some point, we little start to move into the higher value transformational aspects of collateral services. Doing some secured financing is also been a contributor to the collateral services. We do see that’s evolving, it’s evolved more slowly than we would have expected as the new laws in regulations are kicking in. We expect this to pick up over the course of time and it’s a global phenomena I might add. So we see opportunities to do this in all parts of the world.Ashley N. Serrao – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Great. Thanks for the color there. And on the SLR, it could progress this quarter, but as the rule hopefully enters the final inning. What impact do you think the rule as it stands today has on business decisions for you and more probably the industry? And then, just broader update on the global regulatory landscape laws, we appreciate it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well. The regulatory fronts and I guess the thing that’s challenging for all of us is, the lack of harmonization across the regulatory environment with Basel adopts the U.S. has a different standard, U.K. has different standard, the ECB has a different standard. It’s particularly challenging to all of us to determine what's the right mix of businesses and use of balance sheet or not, with these changing environment. We’re starting to get a little more clarity around it. And it’s – we’re certainly very focused as the company around making sure our business model performs well in the new environment, other firms are going to the same decision making process. I think as Todd pointed out anything that’s balance sheet intensive is either to shrink or get priced up. And I think that’s one of the things the regulators are looking for, is to make sure risk is peripherally placed in the marketplace or stop doing the activity and so I think that’s going to be some of the changes you see more broadly across the industry. Ashley N. Serrao – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, let me start just by referring to this quarter, Jim it actually wasn’t a bad quarter. We saw some decent corporate actions and revenues weren’t too bad. So when you look at the issue with services downward, that’s masked by the weaker performance in Corporate Trust that we discussed.Jim F. Mitchell – The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: It’s sponsored programs I guess for now, this quarter.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, thank you very much everyone. And before closing the call, I just want to remind you we’ll plan to host an Investor Day in the late fall and there we’ll be able to share more details around our business model and our strategy. So, again, thank you for joining us today and look forward to taking with you. If you have any questions please follow-up with Andy Clark. Thank you very much everybody.
Thomas P. Gibbons: The tangible common equity is total…Betsy L. Graseck – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right, right, it just look like a 20 bps decline Q1 scale.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think that we can actually get over the hurdle pretty quickly. I think the one thing we made clear is, it doesn’t make sense to get there just by holding additional capital. So we can look at the deposit base and the deposits that have less value to our net value under the SLR or even the liquidity coverage ratio, we could certainly put those types of balances off the balance sheet. But we are still looking at some point we’ll be able to be consolidate some of the assets from our asset manager. So there are a number of ways that we can get there and we always have more room to issue preferred stock if we thought it was appropriate to bolster our Tier 1 leverage which should be a lot less expensive than holding common.Betsy L. Graseck – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay great. Thank you.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, my recollection, Glenn is about 200 basis points over this related to fee waivers. And you can calculate, we disclose intangible amortization, so you can calculate that and the remainder would be the impact of the distribution fees. Some show there is a gross up and some show is a net to the revenue.Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Got it, okay that's cool, I could do that. And then, I don’t know if you could talk a little bit about the lending growth inside Investment Services. I think it was up 18% year-on-year. Just curious what’s driving that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Hey, Glenn, this has come a little bit slower than we had hoped. We’re actually starting to see a pickup and we’re seeing that trend even in the second quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So the first question is, I think there is a underutilized potential. I think the contribution margins of taking investment capabilities that we already have today that we are offering in some ways to the retail channels and directly to wealth management also, but expanding that will be pretty a meaning contribution margin. We don’t have to expand our investment capabilities all that much and can reach a much broader universal clients, and again, this is a market where we are already very present and we just want to get a figure out of it, because we think there’s big opportunity with what we have. On the Dreyfus branding side, I definitely think that part isn’t just about covering clients. You also have to have the right products. We’ve launched a number of products and are actually seeing very early success. I will tell you we’re already seeing success. If you look at our line and the earning release today, we’ve had a $2 billion of inflows and alternatives, as an example, and that has actually come through what we traditionally called retail channels. The new products we’ve launched have been everything from long, short funds for the Newton and The Boston Company to multimanager and liquid our strategies that are managed by EACM, which is our fund of hedge fund investment firm and also launched a, we’ll use the term smart data product as well. So it’s getting us the ability to reach more clients with more products and again it’s benefiting from the great position we already have in those channels. The Dreyfus brand, I think, will grow with our expansion here and any changes around branding – those are certain things we talked about. Gerald, if you want to comment.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We’re probably going to achieve a little more in the loan book. So that’s one of things that you see pick up. As we’ve seen a little bit of the decline in cash at central banks as well as Interbank placements. So that’s rolling into the secured loan book that we talked about and it offset some of the slight spread tightening that we’ve seen just from, generally from narrower spread. We are taking a hard look at the investment securities book now and given the new regulations that are meant to go into effect next year; we will probably need to reposition that book a bit. And there are certain types of asset that will become more attractive to us such as commercial mortgage-backed securities, we’ll probably hold a little less of certain high quality asset-backed securities. We have to think about what we might want to do with communities for example because of how they get treated? Today, we’ve actually build up a bit of a short-term treasury portfolio as well. Just to be defensive in case interest rates ever actually went south or the interest on accessories go south in the short-term. We don’t think that’s going to happen, but it’s the defensive position with very little risk. So we actually came in the middle of analyzing exactly what we were ultimately going to look like.Ken M. Usdin – Jefferies LLC: Okay and did some tough driver answer today, but is that something that we’ll hear about you think in a quarter or two or is that something that will evolve over the next year or so and how do we get the sense of what the net effect of that all might be from an income statement perspective.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, there is a lot of these securitizations were in the ballpark of 10 years or so and so a lot of them were constructed back in 2006 and 2007, so we’ll get to that end point, and I think the other thing to note is there is not a lot of reduction in expenses that comes, but you still have to do the same service and even though it’s just on a small base.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think I just add the fact that our revenues in asset servicing is closely related to the growth rate than AUC, whether it’s market driven or new business win, I think it’s keeping that correlation pretty tight. Robert Lee – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: All right, well, thank you for taking my question.
Thomas P. Gibbons: On the Basel part of your question given how much cash we have at central bank, we don’t expect to run much in the way of Basel.Brennan Hawken – UBS Securities LLC: Okay that makes sense. And then on the money market fund business, can you may be give us the sense of the size of the institutional money market business if you have in the U.S. and how much of that is institutional account that institutional book breaks down in between prime versus treasury and other.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I’ll deal with the SLR question maybe Gerald, you can handle the broader question on the regulatory landscape. In terms of – for I think everybody in the industry and certainly the big institutions. They can be more balance sheet sensitive. So use of the balance sheet is going to come to play with a higher cost. So that, as we look at any of our businesses, the balance sheet intensive businesses, they are going to come under tighter scrutiny, and can we make the returns, and how do we squeeze the returns out of them. Part of the reason that we frankly we like the investment management business because there is no balance sheet things that comes with that. So I think that is a question that we – that all large financial institutions are dealing with right now. Gerald, I don’t know, if you want to comment on the regulatory.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Rob, the reduction in the pension expense is the combination of the – there is nothing unusual there. The plan has been to define benefit plan, it’s largely driven by I should say by the define benefit plan. The defined benefit plan was frozen two dimensions quite a few years ago. And the year-over-year changes first time that we actually saw interest rates go up quite a few years as the discount factor on the liability. That in combination with the very strong underlying performance with the assets the seasonal fund. Even though we reduce what we estimate our go forward returns in R&D. That reduced our pension expense we estimated by about, it should be by about $100 million this year. So $25 million or quarters so that’s marginally the driver of what’s you are seeing on the benefit side.Rob C. Rutschow – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, that’s helpful. The follow-up question would be on the, I don’t know if you guys have provided this or we can – what would be your total regulatory expense, and is there any way to segment that between servicing investment management. Thank you.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we have not disclosed a specific number except for the cost of actually compliant with Tri-Party Reforms, where we have seen our expenses in that particular unit run rate go up, it’s not exclusively related to Tri-Party Reform but most of it is by over $70 million. There is very limited impact in the investment management space around regulatory, it’s almost all investment services related. 
Thomas P. Gibbons: Some of the sponsored programs are down mainly because of our own choice. We're just being again more disciplined - the category being more disciplined around the pricing of working with different programs where our market share is still holding in roughly 60% category. So you're just seeing a slight decline in number of programs. It's not a big deal and it's really that we've been proactively managing it.Jim F. Mitchell – The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.:  And in terms of the outlook.
Thomas P. Gibbons: No, that’s largely driven by some of the parameter changes as we got ready to come out of the parallel run. There were some parameter changes around some of our risk-related assets that drove that change.Jim F. Mitchell – The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. All right, thanks.
