Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. As you saw from our release, the second quarter, we generated net income of $466 million and earnings per share of $0.39. Now, of course, this includes our previously announced litigation charge of $0.18 per share. After netting out a few items, we look at our core earnings at about $0.53 per share, and Todd will walk you through how we get there. Now that compares to $0.59 in the second quarter of last year and $0.52 per share in the first quarter of this year. We achieved another quarter of positive growth in Investment Management and Investment Services fees, a clear sign of the strength of our business model. The impact of new business helped drive our fee growth. In Investment Management, we had $26 billion in long-term inflows. Now that's the 11th consecutive quarter of positive long-term flows in our Investment Management segment. And we also are pleased to report that during the quarter, the pensions and investment publication published an annual survey that ranked us #1 for providing liability-driven solutions to our Insight boutique. In Asset Servicing, that new business helped drive assets under custody, a record level of more than $27 trillion. Also, like asset management, the quality of our Asset Servicing capabilities continues to be recognized by third parties and is clearly helping us win business. During the quarter, we received 17 #1 category rankings among our peer group of the world's largest global custodians in the Global Investor survey publication. That follows top rankings last quarter among peers in the 2 other major surveys. So we grew fees during the quarter in both major business segments when key equity indices were actually down, and there was lower volatility in the currency markets. Turning to the expense front. On an operating basis, total expenses were up 1% sequentially after adjusting for M&I litigation and restructuring charges. And we're actually down 1% year-over-year. We're continuing to make good progress on our operational excellence initiatives. In addition, during the quarter, we announced 2 leadership appointments that are intended to further develop those efforts. We've promoted Suresh Kumar, the role of Chief Information Officer. Suresh is very skilled at driving efficiency, creating innovative client-centric solutions and simplifying our IT structure. Just as information, he spent much of his career as the CIO of Pershing. And of course, Pershing has some of the leading technology in that space. We also created the role of the Chief Operations Officer, which we filled with a gentleman named Ed Watson, who we brought in from the outside. And Ed has vast experience in the financial services industry. He'll help lead the effort to rationalize and optimize our core operations across the company. And it's good that Ed's going to bring a fresh eye from the outside. In terms of capital, we ended the quarter with our estimated Basel III Tier 1 common, up over 100 basis points at 8.7%, reflecting the impact of the new notices of proposed rulemaking as well as our positive performance and our slightly larger balance sheet. We generated $527 million of growth Basel I Tier 1 common. And we delivered a 15.7% return on tangible common equity, even after the litigation charge. And we also purchased more than 12 million shares during the quarter. Our strengthened capital position provides us greater flexibility for ongoing investment while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Now also during the quarter, we made some significant progress in aligning our businesses to further leverage the breadth of our capabilities. We formed a new unit, called global Collateral Services, which will help us better serve the rapidly growing market for collateral management. Now this is an area we're quite excited about as the need to post, segregate and optimize collaterals across all market participants continues to grow. And we are extremely well positioned to serve all of them, help them manage their risk and reduce their capital costs. And we also made some meaningful progress in navigating the litigation environment by putting some major litigation behind us with no significant impact to our capital. In summary, we're growing fees in our core businesses, continuing to strengthen our balance sheet and making progress in those areas that our investors are focused on, including investing in new areas to generate organic growth and, of course, being very disciplined in managing our expense base. With that, let me turn it over to Todd to take you through the numbers.
Gerald L. Hassell: Glenn, I also want to emphasize as we're doing this, Todd made some comment in his opening commentary that we've been a little bit slower in putting some of the money to work, because frankly, we've been quite conservative in putting the money to work because we to want to stay within our risk appetite. We're not looking to go out of the bounds of our risk parameters, and we just don't think it's prudent to do so in this kind of environment.
Gerald L. Hassell: Just to add, Betsy, though, just as on a business-as-usual basis, given the slower revenue environment that we're all facing. We're being incredibly disciplined around the core expense base as well, and we're really trying to manage those very, very tightly in addition to the initiatives that we have in place. So we're being very, very mindful of all of our expenses across the board.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, and I would also add, Cynthia, that's it's -- and Brian is being a bit modest in the sense that we are getting a lot more accounts on the platform to begin with. Some of the clients that are there today are being more successful in gathering assets, and we're being more successful in gathering clients. And so I think it's just a reflection of the strength of the platform overall and that we're not being heavily reliant on some of the traditional fee categories for us to be able to show improvement in clearing services.
Gerald L. Hassell: The Sigma settlement. Why don't I take that one, and then you can talk about the tax matter one. The charge that we took a couple of weeks ago was principally related to the class action suit that was raised, so $280 million, and it's subject to court approval, but principally related to that single-class action suit. There are similar clients, who had similar issues who were not in that class action that we also incorporated into the charge. So we feel like we have the vast majority of the financial crisis Sigma-related litigation charges embedded in that single number.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, Brian, as I said earlier, we're really focused on organic growth and the initiatives that we've identified internally. We, interestingly, have identified a number of things that we think that are better investment than M&A activities. Over a period of time, Global Collateral Services is a great example, pulling together a variety of activities across our company and investing in the technology and the front end to solve a problem in the marketplace. We're also more focused on making sure we execute on a variety of the integration and operational excellence initiatives, and those have some costs associated with them. And we think there's a faster payback on those as well. So we just think that those things are a better investment than looking externally for M&A opportunities. Plus, our share buyback program, given our share price, we think that's a better investment overall as well. That being said, if something extraordinarily comes across the take [ph] at a price that's unbelievable, sure, we'll take a look at it. But I think we have enough opportunities internally to really generate better returns for our shareholders.
Gerald L. Hassell: That's a very interesting question, Mike. Europe is still an absolute mess. I can't describe it any other way. And so, given the kinds of deposits that we have in Europe, then, in euro dollars and euro currency, that's where we're probably most challenged, because simply putting money to work in euro land, given the environment, has been a real challenge for us. That's why we're looking at other parts of the world for -- whether it's trade finance or other types of secured fundings. Those are the categories that are still within our risk appetite that will allow us for some investment opportunities. And so things like trade finance, secured repos in other parts of the world, increasing some of our lines there to offset what I think is a very negative environment in Europe.
Gerald L. Hassell: No, not really, Ken. We benefited from some volume increase in the quarter. Obviously, the volatility is still pretty low and quite low in the marketplace. But we had some new service offerings which are helping capture some of that volume, and we're continuing to offer increased capabilities to capture that.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. I would say that it's probably taking us a little longer time to have the team in place, the collateral monitoring in place that we look forward for that and also signing the clients up. There's good interest there, but that's probably primarily what's driving it. So I'd say we're only about 50% of the target we wanted to be at this point. One other point I want to make sure, Gerard, that's clear is with the ECB cuts, we did have money since I've mentioned sitting at the ECB. And that will have a little bit of a headwind. I think we can still overcome that with the additional actions that we plan to take. And if we did nothing, that could be as much as $20 million to $25 million in the second half negative to us. So we are considering options, including the possibility if we see a further buildup in deposits of maybe even charging a negative rate or imposing some kind of a charge on deposits in euros.
Gerald L. Hassell: And Gerard, it's really relatively short-term secured financings with securities that we can understand and mark and with counterparties that we feel very confident with. So it's not traditional commercial bank lending.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. And I really appreciate it. And if you have further questions, Andy Clark [indiscernible] are prepared to answer all your questions, and look forward to engaging with you in the near term. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Most of the deposit in increase, Glenn, was a spike right in the end of the quarter. So it's going to be relatively temporary. If you look at, for the quarter on average, it was only up about $3 billion.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It would be a wonderful thing if you could actually, Glenn, swap the deposits, swap euros into dollars and leave them at the Fed, but the swap would go against you negatively It actually would create a negative interest rate. So at this time, not much of a change there.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I think we can hold these levels. We do have some headwinds here, because we do tend to leave some money at the European Central Banks. And that was -- in the past, we received a little bit of an interest rate. We won't see that going forward for the foreseeable future, but we are continuing to put more money to work, primarily in dollars, where we are continuing to find some pretty attractive low-risk assets. And I think that will offset the 2 headwinds, if you will.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. Not a whole lot. I mean, what we indicated to you is that we would invest in some RMBS securities, primarily agencies, but there are some non-agencies to note as well. Some asset-backed securities, which we continue. We're probably doing a little more treasuries than we would have thought, just given the rate environment and the risk environment. So I'd say it was a combination of the 3 of those. Outside of the securities portfolio, we have begun a program of secured lending globally. That is slower than we had anticipated, but it is slowly building, and we're continuing to add to that. We also see some opportunities, for example, in trade finance as you had a number of folks exit. That has grown. We got a big pop a while back. It's growing a little more modestly, but that's another area that we'd be looking to push.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Okay. I mean, we're kind of unusual, as you know, Howard, because we had maintained a large portfolio of sub-investment-grade securitizations. And that was the portfolio even though we had marked it to market, and we felt it was actually a pretty attractive and not nearly as risky asset, especially where we were carrying it. It actually required more than 100% capital against it. So under the revised guidance and what is known as the simplified supervisory formula approach, which I can tell you is anything but simplified, but under that guidance, the capital associated with those sub-investment-grade securities declined pretty significantly. Still very high, but to a much more reasonable level. So as we had indicated in the past, that was probably costing us 250, maybe even 300 basis points against our Tier 1 common ratio. That probably declined to about 200 basis points, so -- excuse me, by 200 basis points. So we picked up a very large benefit there, about 2/3 of the -- about a 2/3 reduction. That was offset by a couple of other items. Number 1 is the investment-grade securitizations moved from a floor of about 7% to a floor of 20%, and, depending on the attachment point, the detachment point and the delinquencies in the underlying securities, they can be higher or even higher than the 20%. So that was a give-back of some of that 200 basis points that I just described. And in addition, there is a correlation multiplier for primarily financial institutions exposure. Since we do have financial institutions exposure, that had a negative impact to us, as did the smaller one, but as did the market risk assessment that came in the quarter as well. So all of those amounted to about 145 basis points of benefit. And then our balance sheet grew in the second quarter by about 35 basis points, hence the requirement, hence the 110 basis points that we reported.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. As we're nicely positioned under Basel III. As you can see here, we're well ahead of where even we had anticipated we would be. I think we think it's reasonable, because frankly, we didn't think that the sub-investment grade security should have attracted the amount of capital that they had. So basically, it's in line with what our thinking was. So we're happy to see that there -- that we had greater flexibility, and we're happy to see that others in the past have been able to take capital actions at significant levels.
Thomas P. Gibbons: So our performance fees, we have a wide variety of mandates that generate performance fees. And the bulk of them are recorded and paid in the fourth quarter. So our fourth quarter is generally our highest quarter for performance fees. If you go back over the last 4 years, we've had an average performance fee of about $100 million on average annually, and roughly 60% of that would have occurred in the fourth quarter. So that seasonality we would generally expect. To your point, we had a very strong second quarter. We do have a number of mandates that pay annually, but the beginning date might be February, so February to February or June to June. We also do have mandates that pay more frequently than annually, so we might value performance fees semiannually. So the second quarter has been the second-highest quarter typically. And this particular quarter, the performance fees that we earned are indexed to a variety of benchmarks. So it might be the clients' portfolio benchmark, it could be the S&P 500, an index, or it could be a nominal benchmark like both a yield -- a targeted return of 8%. In this particular quarter, we had actually nice breadth across our investment firms. Three of our investment firms actually have pretty meaningful performance fees because they beat a benchmark. Again, I think a lot of people associate performance fees with just, as the market goes up a lot, you'll have a lot more performance fees. And there is some correlation to that. But a lot of our performance fees are actually geared more to whether we beat a benchmark, so in a down market, if we had been underweight risk or underweight the right factors or if we had been positioned in a way that we can outperform a benchmark, then we have the opportunity to earn performance fees in the second quarter, that turned out to be pretty positive. I do think that it's important to note, we still think the seasonality that has existed in the past is what you should expect going forward. And so if on average, we've earned $100 million annually on performance fees, so far year to date, we've earned about $64 million. So we might have a better year. But the seasonality, we still expect the third quarter to be generally lower and the fourth quarter to be generally higher.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, there are a lot of things going on in -- so many mandates contribute to the overall performance fee. I would tell you that what drove the strength of it is mandates that outperformed in the second quarter, but they are mandates that have been around for a long period of time. So there -- it could have been a June to June measurement period. In the second quarter, we had the payment of those performance fees.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It's -- again, it's mixed. I would say that our fixed income mandates generated a large share of the performance fees this quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: We knew, Betsy, and we try to make this evident in the first quarter, we knew that a lot of the benefit we were going to get for the initial actions that we took was going to be in the first quarter. And we've got that run rate. So you can see, we invested in the second quarter about as much as we benefited. And we would expect that to be the case for most of the rest of this year. I think we can beat it. I think we might be able to beat the target that we've established here. But we are going to making some additional investments, and we want to make sure that that's understood. So not a huge amount of additional benefit in 2012. I think you'll start to see it in 2013, the investments that we're making in the second half of this year.
Thomas P. Gibbons: But the way we designed it, the cost to decommission systems, the cost to consolidate real estate is embedded in the benefit.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, Alex, those -- we don't disclose which central bank there -- any balances might be sitting, where they might be sitting. And they're so volatile, I don't think it would be particularly helpful to get a snapshot.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, it's probably down about $6 million or $7 million, Alex, on a quarter. And I would expect that it will slowly amortize down. You can probably look at it about $5 million-a-quarter reduction.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And as regards the tax matter that you raised, Alex, there was a recent court decision, there was a possibility that could have influenced our thinking around the reserves. But it was the -- the decision was not based on the -- on our case, which was economic substance. So it really did not inform our case at all at this point. We have tried the case, and we're looking forward to, I think, we -- our team did a very nice job. And we're looking forward to a judgment probably sometime in the spring of next year.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, that was referring, specifically -- in the Issuer Services business, we really had 3 business. We had Shareowner Services, we had Corporate Trust and we had DRs. And we share -- we sold our Shareowner Services at year end, so we try to show you with the -- with and without the performance of -- or the historical performance of Shareowner Services. And as regards to the DR business, I'll turn it over to Karen.
Thomas P. Gibbons: They would, Brian, but nowhere near to the degree using the new rules that they would have in the past.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, they were slightly improved, Brian, but I think -- I'm hopeful to not even have to say this anymore, they seem to have dropped, and we seem to be dragging along at this level, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I wouldn't -- you got to remember, this is a notice for proposed rule making. It is not the final rule. And so there are a couple of elements in that rule that are out for discussion, and it's certainly possible that the regulators would revise this somewhat. Whether it would be to the good or the bad is impossible for me to protect -- predict, Mike. And this is our best estimate of our current interpretation of the rule, so it could be tweaked a little bit.
Thomas P. Gibbons: There is a slight, Ken, there is a slight currency, negative currency impact in revenue that's not quite offset fully in expenses.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I think you're referring to what we call the reasonable, reasonably possible disclosure. And we would think that it's likely to decline.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, we'll give it to you shortly, so I think we're in the process of developing that now. So it's a little bit early for me to say that, Ken. But what I can say is I think we've got quite a few matters behind us in this corner, and we're feeling a lot better.
Thomas P. Gibbons: And the guidance I tried to give there is I would expect as we look forward the next couple of quarters that it would burn off at about $5 million-a-quarter rate.
Thomas P. Gibbons: It's mostly in the financial services space where we're getting good market, money-market-related types of collateral that we can mark on a daily basis and margin on a daily basis.
Brian T. Shea: This is Brian Shea. Just mutual fund assets are growing modestly, driven by asset values, but we continue to have more individual investments in mutual fund positions on the platform. And one of the things we're doing is we're seeing growth in the mutual fund no-transaction-fee platform that we have. And we're also in the process of converting our mutual fund processing to an internal sub-accounting system called Surpass [ph], which is a service delivered by the Asset Servicing group within BNY Mellon. So essentially what we're doing is we're making the mutual fund processing more operationally efficient, and that's part of the driver behind the mutual fund revenue growth.
Brian T. Shea: Exactly. I guess we're still seeing underlying growth in the base of individual investments and individual security positions and custody. And that's helping drive strong core fee revenue growth.
Brian T. Shea: Yes, it's Brian Shea. We benefited, as I mentioned before, from just some asset gathering and growth in the underlying mutual fund based on the underlying number of individual investments that we custody. And so we're seeing essentially a record level of individual lessees in [ph] custody, and we closed the second quarter with over $1 trillion in assets and custody overall with Pershing globally. In terms of the pipeline, the pipeline is solid, and given the environment, while DARTS are off and there's pressure on broker-dealer profitability all across the industry, in one way, that's a possible silver lining for us in the sense that more self-clearing firms evaluate moving to a variable-cost clearing platform and model. So we do see a reasonable pipeline of firms that are engaged with us and consider Pershing as their clearing partner, and so we feel reasonably good about that. And we'll have some decent third quarter conversions coming up.
Timothy F. Keaney: Cynthia, it's Tim Keaney. I would say, yes, we continue to see continued growth in outsourcing and transfer agency, part of what Brian just referenced. We see a lot of activity from financial institutions that also drove a big uptick in our sales pipeline, which is up 50% quarter-on-quarter. So I'd say you'd see about 40% to 50% kind of outsourcing and transfer agency, which really isn't geared towards AUC. And the rest are good stock and trade core asset servicing business. And I wouldn't say there's an overall change in pricing. I would say we've seen a tap down on repricing as we've continued to maintain strong pricing disciplines. But new business, I wouldn't say I've seen a material change in pricing.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, Brian, I'll take the Asset Servicing and new business question. I'll invite Art to talk about the FX. We have about $400 billion to convert. Just about all of it will convert before the end of the year. So I would say that's looking pretty good. I think I mentioned I'm also encouraged by the big uptick in the pipeline, and it's really driven by, really, fund managers that are rationalizing the number of their providers. And we've also seen a shift now 2 quarters in a row as fund managers launching new products, which is something we've been delighted to see. So strong new pipeline and about $400 billion left to convert.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, thanks, Brian. We finished pricing about 650 tail clients. I'll just remind everyone those are the smallest clients that we have. We've retained just over 75% of those clients. So I'm delighted with that result. We've had about 20 larger clients. So clients that are paying us $0.5 million and above whose contracts have come up for review. And I think I mentioned last quarter that as new clients come up, and that may take a cycle of 3 or 4 years, we're repricing those clients, and we've kept every one of those clients as well because of the approach we've taken. So I still call it early innings, Brian, but as we're working up the lead table and as clients come up for review, those quality statistics that Gerald referenced in his opening comments are really making a difference.
Timothy F. Keaney: Mike, it's Tim Keaney here. I would say year-over-year, we've seen more net new. So we see transaction volumes kind of flat to trending up. We see net new organic positive -- year-over-year, we saw a pretty strong outflows. That stopped in the sequential quarter. And the other thing I didn't mention in terms of the new business, and this is a question I think you ask from time to time, about 50% of what we're seeing so far in the first half of this year is net new business. So things, as an example, that clients have done for themselves where they outsource to us, like transfer agency or fund accounting. So I don't know if that answers your question, but that's certainly what we're seeing.
Timothy F. Keaney: Tim Keaney here. Just on the Asset Servicing, one thing that's -- I just brought your attention that Todd might have made reference to is we had a pretty significant amount of drop in reimbursements. So clients where we would have been charging them for mailing or postage that have internalized that, there was a big drop in reimbursements, both year-on-year and sequentially. That's not bad news at all actually, because that's offset one for one in the expense line, so you're not seeing that. So what you would really be doing is seeing kind of net new business and organic growth making up for soft markets. I think that's the general theme on market and currency, both sequentially and year-on-year.
