Gerald L. Hassell: First of all, the revenue decline year-over-year was mostly in the net interest income line, and we've taken some steps to shore that up. And on the expense side, we do have the operational excellence initiatives underway, as I said in my comments that we're always looking to improve upon those. We haven't come out publicly and said we want to do something better than what we've already laid out for you, but I can assure you that we're working very hard to continue to maintain or lower the running rate expenses associated with this low economic environment and to take out costs structurally on a long-term basis.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, it -- Ken, it was basically neutral to the bottom line. It -- there was a little bit of geography on it. The most impactful was on the revenue line for asset management. But net-net, it was about neutral to the company, and it wasn't that meaningful that it moved revenues positively or negatively.
Gerald L. Hassell: No. The comment I made about it was we had our operational excellence initiatives in place that we publicly announced to everyone. We're on track or slightly ahead of achieving those. But my comment was we're looking at this and challenged ourselves to look at it beyond just traditional incremental cost savings and are looking at the core operating platforms of the company. I've said to many of you that one of our real challenges is we're too complex to our clients in terms of our various operating platforms, our accounting engines, our reconciliation engines, et cetera. We're looking to dramatically simplify that and, therefore, make it easier and better for our clients to do business with us, take risk out of the system and lower the structural costs. And so we're moving into that phase of our review. We have a new leadership team around this. They're putting some fresh eyes on this. And I'm optimistic we can gain some more benefits out of our program over the long term. That's what I was referring to.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, I guess I would address this slightly differently in terms of the way you've asked it. We've traditionally looked at our investment services businesses as a series of individual business lines and almost as a portfolio of businesses. We're looking at this much more holistically because that's what our clients do. And so rather than having individual operating platforms per business, we're looking to consolidate across the business lines and, therefore, offer our clients a more integrated product set and integrated solution set. That's where I think there are some benefits working across the seams of our businesses to improve not only the structural cost but also the service offering to our clients. So that's where I think there is continued upside leverage to our business model.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, so Glenn, bottom line, we saw some redemptions in the loss of a significant client, which we're not pleased with at all. But it was offset by new convergence and new business coming in. That's the way to think about it.
Gerald L. Hassell: We have Mitchell Harris with us here today, representing Investment Management. So Mitchell, perhaps you can address that.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, it's part of the Dodd-Frank legislation, and the rule writing is still being finalized. But we expect to see -- and it's showing up in our pipeline and our client conversations later this summer. So some part of collateral management's being realized upon as we speak, particularly in some of the transformation activities. But as I said in my opening comments, we expect to see a broader pickup later this summer and through the course of the year as Dodd-Frank legislation kicks in and our clients really do, in fact, have to start posting collateral all around the world.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, I was just going to say you can see, from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, we saw it getting back to that 93% zone from the fourth quarter. So some of the savings are, in fact, kicking in, and we just -- we saw some higher-yielding business come on, like foreign exchange, like some of our other asset servicing repricing. So you are starting to see some benefit from the overall program.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, I think, first of all, we spend a couple of billion dollars a year already on technology, so it's not that we're starting from 0. And it's a matter of prioritization of some of those technology spends on maintaining existing programs versus investing in new ones. And I think part of our job, as the senior management team, is to make sure we're allocating capital in our investments in the proper category to achieve the end-state platforms that we're looking to get to. And we're going through that process now to make sure we're investing in the future architecture of the company. Since many of our products are commodity like, I think we have to be an incredibly productive and incredibly efficient operating platforms in order to remain competitive and to continue to grow our business. And so strategically, that's what we're looking to do, is take advantage of the new technologies, to invest in those sooner to get to the end state faster. We're not ready to talk about what the level of investment is to get there. We're still going through that process, but I can assure we're looking at all avenues to take advantage of the new technologies in the marketplace.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, you have to remember, Mike, that firm worked with, I think, it was 18 large investors who were the principal owners of those tranches of investment -- of securities. So you add 18 very large investors who thought that, that was an appropriate amount to settle on, not the firm that you're referring to and not us. That -- those 18 investors with that firm had discussions with BofA in terms of whether that was an appropriate settlement. And we're now looking to the courts to decide.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, I think on the new CLOs, first of all, you have to remember they're less complex, less leveraged, and therefore, that's one of the reasons why the pricing on the new CLOs is lower than the old ones that are rolling off. And you have to remember, when the old ones were being established at that time, it was in a fairly frenetic market where the pricing discipline, if you want to call it that, part of the issue was less sensitive, and so the new business is much more tightly priced. So that's factoring into why the growth in Corporate Trust, even with CLO, is picking up, isn't fully offsetting the amortization of the old structures.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, I know. Actually, I'm delighted you asked the question. We like the wealth management business a lot. I think we are, in fact, gaining market share. We've added quite a bit of new staff to the team, and I think it's paying off. Some of the traditional wealth management firms that supported wealth management clients around the country or around the world have been challenged a little bit reputationally, and we've got strong investment management products. We have a great balance sheet. The loans that we're putting on are very, very, very high-quality loans. So we like the business a lot, and it's growing nicely. We'd like to continue to invest in it more. Okay. Thanks a lot, Rob, and thank you very much, everyone who dialed in. And we appreciate the call. Thank you.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, the -- why don't I talk about hedges. Most of the decline was related to the hedges, and there are really 2 of them. One is hedging traditional interest rate risk, but the hedge didn't -- doesn't qualify, in that case, as a hedging instrument, so its mark-to-market fluctuates with changes in rates. We don't typically see such a big move, but that was a reasonably significant component of it. The other aspect of it is one of our boutiques is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates, their revenues are. So they have a relatively modest hedge. So that's more of a timing issue, Howard. So what ends up happening is the mark on the hedge we take now and the revenue will be reflected in future quarters, and it could go the other way. The rest of the other trading was also soft, so our fixed income and our equity trading was a little bit soft for us in the first quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we don't see it. I mean, we -- right now the balance sheet is staying fairly stable. It's still pretty large, but it's not growing, and we don't see an environment where that would change. So we're not constrained right now by that leverage ratio. We think we can balance the 2, execute our buybacks, manage the size of the balance sheet and continue to execute on the capital deployment that we've authorized.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, Ken, what we've indicated is that we think the contraction in Corporate Trust would probably have an impact of maybe 50 to 75 basis points negative in our -- as the runoffs exceed the new business, maybe 50 to 75 basis points in our revenue. It's actually done a little better than we had anticipated, and the reason for that is we've seen quite a few more CLOs, with our -- seen a recovery of that side of the structured market, and a fair amount of issuance, but it's still we would expect it to runoff at about that rate. The more negative thing has been the cyclical impact that we're experiencing in DRs is even -- that hasn't bounced back. So we continue to see more cancellations than issuance, and so the universe of outstanding DRs for us to generate income on has declined.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Josh, I'll just follow up on that. If you look at -- if you do look at the 4 key investment servicing lines that we indicate or we disclosed, the highest margin tends to be issuer services and treasury services, and then asset servicing and clearing services tend to have about the same margin. So that'll help you understand where the growth is going to come from.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, the -- as we've disclosed, right now we're most focused on delivering the savings that we've talked about, which is in the $650 million to $700 million range. That is net, so every quarter we disclose to you exactly what our investment activity is going to be to get there. So what we've laid out, we don't want to get distracted. We're going to execute on that. Gerald is looking at -- he's really referring to what are the incremental things that we can do as we look at that expense base holistically. And at this point in time, it's too early to really say whether there's an investment to be made there or not, Betsy.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, ultimately, we're going to have to work with tax authorities to determine whether we are obligated to pay tax on these investment gains. And what we want to make clear is the downside to that, if we do have a downside, it will offset the gains that we have from a number of transactions that we're going to close on or have closed on in this quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, I can't -- I'm not certain of that, Betsy. There is some lack of certainty. So it's possible that we could show gains in this quarter and still have that open item.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. The gains are coming from a couple of different sources. One is as you come riding down the yield curve a little bit, if interest rates haven't changed, you actually get an increase in the market value of the security. And there also becomes interest from money market funds and so forth to pick up those assets as they become eligible for funds. So as they -- kind of as we do a rich/cheap analysis across the yield curve, that's generating, in our estimate, about half of them. The other half is really based on credit and the significant recovery in some of the sub-investment-grade securities. There's still many, many hundreds of millions of dollars in unrealized gains there. But what the team does is they look at the -- they look at how those securities have performed, the capital that they've consumed and where they can redeploy. And from time to time, there's a good reason, there's an economic reason for us to take them and we do. And so there's a substantial amount of a gain in the portfolio there that could be realized for a significant period of time if we stay in this rate environment.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. If they're in the credit securities, Alex, they can have a little bit of higher yields. But you're even seeing those securities come down into 3% or 4% type of range. So there's kind of modest sales because the gains are so big, so you're not giving up a whole lot of securities. It does have a little bit of -- when we net it all out, it could have a little bit of negative net interest income, but it's the right economic thing to do under the time -- at the time. New investments, we look across globally. It's probably averaging in the $150 million to $160 million within the securities portfolio.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We have announced a few divestitures and closed on one of them, and there are more that we'll close in the quarter. And those gains, so those are known gains right now that we will take in the second quarter, are about the same amount that the downside case, if it's determined that we do have a tax liability and that 100% of that exposure, if we end up having to create a provision for that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. The balance sheet has been relatively stable for the quarter, and there's a little bit of a decline right at the -- from the very high levels that we had at the end of the fourth quarter. But for these -- for the first quarter and moving into the second quarter, it's been relatively stable. I think as we grow assets, we would see some growth in the balance sheet that typically comes with that. What I mean by that is we -- as we grow assets that we service, whether it's in corporate trust or in asset servicing or, for that matter, at -- in clearing, we would expect to see about a similar growth rate in the underlying deposits. The real driver, though, is if there's some economic environment that changes, whether there's a flight to the quality or that the people continue to go out the risk curve, where you might see some of the balances flow out into the market.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Why don't we tick through a number of them? Our staff expense has some measure of discretion. So if you see -- I mean, it is up for the quarter, but recall this is a quarter where we have about $50 million of acceleration related to equity grants for retirement-eligible employees. And we also saw a $10 million increase in our defined benefit pension expense. So we were able to absorb all of that and still show some improvement. On the professional, legal and other, the biggest component in there is consulting and any discretionary use of consultants, we're keeping a very close eye on. Software and equipment is -- a lot of that is the investment that we've made in the past as it comes online and the depreciation actually picks up. So that's a little -- at this point, it's a little less discretionary. Occupancy, just is we're going to see some improvement there, Glenn, as the -- especially the footprint actions that we've taken around New York City start to pay off. So we actually wrote off some leasehold improvements in the quarter, and then we'll have a lower run rate going forward. So that's a good investment. And the other discretionary item is business development. And you can see that we've controlled it despite the efforts that we're making to invest in our brand, and we will see some expenses around the branding efforts.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Brian, the -- talking about the money market fee waivers, most of that would drop to the bottom line. What you can't predict is exactly what investor behavior is going to be. I don't know if we'll see more money come into funds or there's a reason why rates are higher and money could exit. But assuming behavior is the same, that would be a significant contributor to -- and it would be just a step function, if you will, in the -- in our EPS. Looking at the interest rates on our other earnings areas, for example, securities lending, there are a lot of reinvest -- or repriced assets south of LIBOR, so there's very little LIBOR curve there. So it could help that substantially. Again, that would be a very high-margin business, most of it dropping to the bottom line. And finally, with our net interest revenue, so we're sitting on an awful lot of money that is earning 0 or something very close to 0, just in the European Central Bank, for example. That can be anywhere from $10 billion to $20 billion that is earning 0. So if we do see a blip up, there would be some ability to generate some income there, as well as on the compression on our other deposits. So I can't predict exactly what investor behavior would be. We would certainly not expect it to be at such an inflated balance sheet in the event that we did see a tick-up in interest rates. But we would, as we've modeled this, we would expect significantly higher NIR as well.
Thomas P. Gibbons: The other thing that's happened is the financing-related aspects of it have actually picked up, so we've seen pretty decent growth there. But spreads and rates have come down, so just over the past 6 to 9 months, LIBOR's down about another 12 or 14 basis points. So the repricing of that portfolio could benefit from the growth that's been offset by the repricing.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we've put on a little more duration in the portfolio when we saw interest rates pop a little. When the tenure went up over 2%, we did extend it and take the opportunity to extend a little bit of the duration of the portfolio. And that's why we're feeling that it'll probably be -- the yield on the portfolio should be a little more stable going into the next -- into the rest of the year. Plus, we've put a little more to work, so the portfolio is up by about 6%. During the course of the quarter, most of that was -- most of the benefit of that wasn't really seen in the quarter. We'll see it in the second quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. If you look at the investment services business, we give you a statistic that shows you the margin relative -- on the fee business, and it's stuck at about 93% on a year-over-year basis. That's largely -- what it's masking is the decrease in our higher-margin businesses is masking the improvement that we've -- that we're seeing in asset servicing. So I think it's moving about as we've expected. Now it's going to be a function of where the revenue lines are moving.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, Mike, it's Todd. I'll take that. Certainly, as trustee, we believe we've acted at all times in the best interests of the investors, so we're confident about our position there. In terms of our exposure, we are completely indemnified. So we don't see any specific -- we don't see or nor are we particularly concerned about risks to us in our role. It's impossible for us to determine how the courts will ultimately rule, but again, we're indemnified, and we're quite comfortable with our position.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, Mike, that's what the -- why we -- why it's in the courts. It's up to the courts to decide. It's not up to us.
Thomas P. Gibbons: For asset management, it was sequentially -- it hurt them by about $5 million. On year-over-year basis, it helped them by about $5 million. And it's about double that for the company.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes. Ken, yes, I would say we're seeing volumes helping us in our asset servicing business and net new. We still have about $540 billion left to convert. Our payments business grew nicely as well. That was volume-driven. We're also seeing a general tailwind, both around outsourcing, where in our broker-dealer clearing and purging business, a number of small or midsized brokers are looking at getting out of self-clearing and outsourcing infrastructure. And then in asset servicing, we still see a continuing trend in the investment management sector and the insurance sector, where they're outsourcing their middle and back office. So I would say those are the general drivers.
Timothy F. Keaney: Sure. Glenn, yes, I think what you see playing out a little bit with us here, Glenn, and we've talked about this before, we're a bit more of a fixed-income-oriented book. So income markets were sort of up marginally to flat. We did convert about $350 billion in the quarter. Currency is clearly not helping us here. We did sadly lose one pretty significant client, and you also saw that come out of our securities lending program, and we had some redemptions in fixed income and in money markets. So those were sort of the headwinds. But I think the good news story is, and this has been more of a continuing trend here, is the types of products and services that we're winning and the clients are putting out to bid isn't really geared to AUC. So a transfer agency, sub accounting, middle-office outsourcing would be 3 good examples of that. And I would say our pipeline probably averages about 40%, and about 40% of what we've been winning in the last few quarters would be that type of business that's not geared to AUC. And I think that's why you're seeing sort of a little bit of a gap between AUC and actually having higher fee growth than what you're seeing on the AUC line. So that is something I would expect to continue.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, and I think you also have to think about our mix of assets, too, because despite the very strong equity market, the net impact between currency and market was basically flat in our mix of assets.
Timothy F. Keaney: Oh, no, Gerald, I think the only other thing I would add to that, Cynthia, is, again, back to that mix point of sort of the 40%-ish not being geared to AUC. So when we look at this internally, we look at AUC and we also look at the value of what we're converting. And I would have put this sort of in the pretty good news camp in terms of the $205 billion when you look at it on a value basis.
Timothy F. Keaney: Yes, sure. Cynthia, thanks for asking. You'll remember that we're sort of focusing our repricing effort not on the 80% of the fee line where it's more about cross selling, it's on sort of the 20%, the small- and medium-sized clients. We're making very good progress. All of the clients -- small clients have been repriced. And as I think we talked about last quarter, we're sort of now renegotiating with clients as their contracts come up for review, and those tend to be the larger clients that are invested in multiple products. So the good news is we've been making very good headway there. We'll have another couple of hundred clients that will reprice this year. I expect the retention rates to remain high, although I expect the percentage rate increase that we will get will step down a bit well below in the 18% to 19% we've been seeing in the small clients, so sort of right where I'd hope to be right now, frankly.
Timothy F. Keaney: I think the last time I looked at that, it will be a net positive as I look out over the next quarter or 2.
