Gerald L. Hassell: We haven't seen any attrition in the client certainly over the FX matter. If anything, as I said in my opening comments, we've seen standing instruction volumes hold up and increase. There has been a more rapid increase in the negotiated trades, and I think that's just reflective of the market in general, where everyone's negotiating tighter pricing on everything they can do. But it's not impacting our ability to continue to service our clients and win new business. We've had a very extensive outreach program to our clients. You would expect that of us. It's part of good client service. We're explaining the service over and over again to them and giving them good talking points for the constituents they have to interface with their boards, their managers, their trustees, whatever the case may be. So we think we've given them not only good ammunition in terms of explaining the service, but once again, providing a very valuable service at a very fair price for retail trades.
Gerald L. Hassell: Howard, just a quick comment, it is yielding a good economic return to us right now, and it gives us enormous flexibility on the capital ratios going forward. So it is something we continue to look at.
Gerald L. Hassell: And Betsy, let me just add. I view the headcount reduction and the hiring freeze as sort of the foundation for broad-based program. And there are a number of initiatives, which we'll outline, as Todd said, November 14. But the headcount and the salaries are just a foundation. So things like platform consolidations, working on the networks, working on procurement, a whole variety of different things, and we're going to try to lay it out for you by general category and by business, not just for 2012 but over a 3-year period of time. And it will be very focused for you to be able to go through.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, the way I look at it is we've got to afford it within the expense reductions. So we're going to take some level of the expense reductions and reinvest in the businesses and then reinvest in growth. But we still have to, as Todd said, improve the margins. You have to see it in the income statement.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, obviously, the first priority is, given our share prices, share buybacks and dividends, we want to get the capital ratios up even though we have a flexibility to get them up to above the 7% relatively quickly if we chose to. And so acquisitions are a lesser priority. If the turmoil in Europe springs out an asset that's incredibly cheap and incredibly accretive, we might look at it. But the first priority is to really return the excess capital to shareholders with $19, $20 share price. There's no better investment.
Gerald L. Hassell: And, Glenn, regarding the secured loan program that you saw, it's mostly to broker-dealers and other very large clients, highly secured, highly visible assets, margin value daily. And we feel pretty good about being able to provide that sort of liquidity to major clients in a very secured way, and can get a little better yield off of that versus certainly leaving it in central banks.
Gerald L. Hassell: And certainly, the noise in Europe, more than noise, is continuing to cause clients to want to leave deposits with us. So it's been fairly extended period of time that the "hot" money has been here, and that's one of our challenges is how to determine how long it's going to be here versus putting it to work and through the investments.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, it's interesting and amazing, Brian. It shouldn't be too amazing that when you consider charging someone for something and they can change their behavior, they actually do.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, I can't comment on the last part. But in terms of the first part of your question, Mike, clearly, I think the power of our company is the breadth of our services in our business model. We need to do a better job collaborating across our company, making it easier for our clients to do business with us and providing solution sets to them that I don't think anyone else on the planet can do. Instead of selling individual product lines or individual business lines to clients, we really need to think more holistically on their behalf and present a combined set of services in a better way than we have done. And so our client coverage model, our go-to-market model, working more collaboratively as a team across our businesses, I think it's going to be the best way we improve and increase our revenue growth and market position with our clients. And that's my focus.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, I think in terms of operating efficiencies, Mike, one of the metrics that we started giving you is our investor services fees over expenses. And they're inching forward. We like to get them. They're about 97%, I believe, this quarter. We'd like to get them up above 100%. And that's going to demonstrate that we've either improved pricing or we've improved efficiencies.
Gerald L. Hassell: In charging clients for fees? I think that in the instances where we are looking at -- bringing in clients, we're looking at all of the fees that we'd anticipate generating from that and we're holding the discipline, and taking into consideration impacts whether it's around fee waivers or NIR or even sec lending in this environment. So I think the team is trying to hold the discipline to do that now. In terms of if there's no yield, it's pretty hard to charge much of a rate. So it's going to be more of a market consideration specifically on fee waivers.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure, because there is a leverage ratio that we need to meet. It could decline given the $30 billion move in the course of the quarter. But now that it's stabilized and we continue to see the Tier 1 capital ratio grow, we don't think there's going to be much pressure there.
Gerald L. Hassell: And so, Ken, the way to think about it is, while the structured market has obviously not come back, which is the highest fee realization of our trusteeships, we are seeing some activity in the corporate and muni market, and that's why the number of trustees under administration have gone up. So we're hopeful that we'll start to see it come back in that marketplace. Obviously, at some point, given the bank's balance sheets globally cannot carry debt to support economic growth, they're going to have to access the capital markets. And so we think we're going to be in a great position when that turns around.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, we don't disclose that, but it was down pretty meaningfully from where it was in the second quarter, Ken. And if you look at what our asset and other income was running this quarter at about $90 million, that's consistent where it was a year ago, and that's kind of where we would ballpark what we would expect there.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. I'll take some of that. And we don't break out all of that detail, Alex. But to give you a little color, Shareowner Services, we anticipate closing on that either late this quarter or early in the first quarter. That will have a nominal impact to our net earnings. You'll see a little -- modest loss of revenues for the company as a result of that. But it'll be -- you'll also see a reduction in expenses that go with it. We don't think it'll have a meaningful impact to the P&L, and it will be some capital generation probably in the order of about 20 basis points in our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio. And that'll leave the Issuer Services, the primary businesses there obviously being the Corporate Trust and the DRs. And they're both substantial businesses. DRs has got the momentum that Karen just explained as we continue to see growth and it really is the developing markets play for us. And although we're seeing a little softness around IPOs and that type of activity, just given the current market events, we continue to see pretty good strength there. In terms of Corporate Trust, there's some headwinds. There really is no structure debt market as you know, and that was probably the highest margin business. So we're seeing that runoff faster than anything is replacing it. The business itself is actually doing reasonably well because balances continue to grow. But it'll be difficult to keep, in the near term, to keep fees flat there.
Gerald L. Hassell: What I'd indicated is I think the way to look at it is if you kind of average the last 2 quarters of last year, you probably get a ballpark with this year.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. The CVA adjustment is as spreads widen, we discount a receivable back at a higher rate and therefore, it's less valuable. So we generally see spread widens. Now our counterparties tend to be very high quality, but there are a substantial number where we are actually a receiver of the fixed rate and interest rate derivatives. And as interest rates came down, the exposure went up. So we had a little larger exposure, and that larger exposure was discounted at a little higher rate. I expect we'll recover that over the next few quarters.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, Gerard. We're just beginning the process. We're going through a bifurcation process with smaller clients and a more standardized operating service and some level of pricing paradigm change there. We have a beta group that we're working with as we speak. And then in terms of as contracts come up for renewal, we are having the normal conversations with clients trying to have them appreciate the value of the services we bring versus the fees they pay and less reliance again on the capital markets activity. So we're in the early innings of this, and we'll give you more of an update at Investor Day.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for joining our call. If you have further questions, please give Andy Clark a call, and we look forward to seeing you on Investor Day. Thank you very much, everyone.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, our capital planning process really hasn't changed, Howard. We put through an annual budget, we make a plan, we share that with the directors, we stress test it and we then share that with the regulators. We continue to generate capital with about the rates that we had estimated that we would. We feel particularly comfortable 66 might sound a bit light, but if you 2 to 250 basis points for sub-investment grade securities that we've marked down to fair market value, and they're now actually worth more than where we marked it. And if we actually were to write it down to 0, our capital would actually increase. So we feel very comfortable with where we are with the generation and our ability to continue to redeploy capital, although we especially like it with our stock price where it is today.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we're certainly not wed to those securities as circumstances change, if the risk return relationship on those securities or if there's any reason that we would want to do something with that capital that's basically part there, we would. But at this point, we don't feel a need to accelerate to meet a Basel III ratio. That really hasn't even determined what it is yet when we've got such strong ratios under Basel I. But it's something that we would -- we could always consider.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, why don't I take and I'll turn it over to Gerald. Yes, the announcements that we made in the third quarter with a freeze and the intent to, through attrition primarily reduce the headcount really went into effect late in the quarter, Betsy, so it had limited, if any, impact on the third quarter itself. We do continue to benefit from some of the -- our growth centers and that's where the growth and our headcount has taken place. We are going to go through this in some detail on November 14, on our Investor Day, where we will talk to some very specific initiatives, give you a sense of the timing of those initiatives and how they'll be driven through the P&L and the impact they should have on our operating margins going forward, which is I think the only way you can really measure those. So we will give -- from a longer-term perspective, I think we'll give a lot more color there. Looking to the fourth quarter, our goal is to try to keep the expenses pretty stable. So if we can manage to go through a couple of quarters, I think we can demonstrate that there could be some noise there, but we could demonstrate and I think we can keep them reasonably stable, even showing some of the modest revenue growth that we've been seeing over the past year or so.
Thomas P. Gibbons: John, you're pushing pretty hard there. We don't give a quarter's guidance and now you're looking for 3 years of it. But there is operating leverage in the business model. I mean, we do get scale benefits. What we will try to give you on Investor Day is you plug in what you think market conditions are going to look like and revenue growth rates will be, and we'll give you a sense of -- I think you'll be able to come away with a better sense of where the operating margins can be and just how much operating leverage there will be. Obviously, it's a function of revenue growth. If revenue was flat, it's pretty hard to generate much in the way of operating margin, of operating leverage. But if we've got a little bit of revenue growth, I think we can create it.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We're seeing paydowns at close to kind of the way the numbers work, Glenn. We're seeing paydowns of about $100 million a month, maybe slightly less, and the portfolio will probably burn off. It's probably got an average life of 40 years. But we are freeing some of that back into the P&L so at about $100 million a quarter level. So net-net, about $200 and some-odd million decrease. Since it's a 1,250% risk-weighted asset, you multiply that by 12.5x. That's 250 -- no, it's $2.5 billion or about 1% of our risk-weighted assets that's coming off, a little bit more than that each quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I mean, the plan that we had passed was over the course of 12 months, we bought back 1.3 billion, so you can expect that we won't buy back at the rate that we did in the second quarter and in future quarters. But there's -- we are following our plan, and in fact, our ratios are in line or better than what we had planned. So for the whole year, Glenn, it's certainly in line with what the regulators would expect in terms of combination of dividends and buybacks on a payout ratio. So the third quarter was just particularly heavy.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, there are a couple of items there. I mean, one of the things that we have seen a spike, we think that's pretty hot money, and we're not going to do a lot with that. But there has been underlying growth in the deposit base that we think will be core. So we've invested that in a number of different securities, relatively short duration. Some of it is in floating rate. The duration that we're getting from that is we bought some annuities. We bought some mostly short duration treasuries kind of inside the window when the Fed would probably expect it to do something. Any of the duration that we had comes to agency RMBS. Some of that is floaters. Most of it's seasoned, 15-year type of stuff, as well as munis and some corporates. So there's a mix of assets that we've added to the portfolio probably about $7 billion or $8 billion over the past 2 quarters or so.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we saw most of the pot in the deposit base, Brian, take place at the end of the second quarter and into the third quarter. It's been reasonably stable since then, and it's starting to trend down slightly. But in this rate environment and the kind of the risk off and defensive environment that so many are taking, we could be here for a while.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, we had proposed a deposit charge to our clients if they kept a significant amount of excess deposits from what was already a spike trade. These are really targeted to the clients I think that had taken advantage and perhaps even arbitraged some of the market conditions at the time. After we spoke to them, we basically explained how they could go about avoiding those charges through managing those deposits, which they have done. So we really don't expect that to be a generator for the vast, vast majority of our clients. It really had no impact. Not to say if conditions didn't change, we wouldn't reconsider, but that's where we are right now.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, we would like to achieve and it's going to be a little bit more difficult if the balance sheet and the risk-based assets are going to stay higher than we had anticipated. So we're not wed to being there. If we generate at the typical level, you can estimate where we might be. But we think we have adequate flexibility. Things do change. But given the risk that we have on our balance sheet and the mix of assess that we have, we're very comfortable with our capital ratios.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, the majority of that, Mike, that decline, is we combine in our asset servicing number you see both sec lending and asset servicing. So about -- I think, it was close to half of the decline was related to the sec lending numbers. And I don't know if Tim or Gerald, if you have anything else.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Slightly, just slightly. Mike, we've had this conversation for years. It's always going to be a competitive environment. We are maintaining price discipline in terms of new services and gaining new business. I know Tim's working on a program to look at how we potentially change some level of pricing paradigm for different types of clients. And maybe once we get into it, we're certainly going to share more of that in Investor Day. But yes, we're very mindful of getting the fees to cover the operating expenses in the business. So we're less reliant on the "capital markets activity" and that's one of our goals.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes, it was -- why don't I take that, okay? It was primarily the pull forward of DRs, and that's why I think, as you look out to the fourth quarter, you should adjust to reflect that what I've made in my kind of forward looking comments is we would expect the revenues in issuer services to go down sequentially as a result of that and offset somewhat by performance fees, for example, and asset management. But there will be a headwind for us in the fourth quarter, Ken.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Gerard, right now, we're not certain. I would expect by year end, we should know. And although we don't know for sure, I would expect we would probably be included in the global SIFI.
Thomas P. Gibbons: But what do I expect it will actually be, I really don't know. It could be in the 50 to 150 basis point range probably.
Thomas P. Gibbons: I would expect that this is the bottom, but it's possible that, that could change. So if we saw short-term rates decline even further, I think it would put additional pressure on money market funds being able to generate any kind of a spread, and therefore, they could potentially pick up. But when we look back and we look at the current environment, this feels like the bottom. And if we see a little normalcy coming around the globe, you might be able to generate a little more yield and therefore, not waive quite as much of the fees.
Glenn Schorr: So I appreciate the comments on the 250 basis points worth of sub-investment grade securities. Can you just talk a little bit about the maturity profile because I'm assuming that you feel that they're good assets, yielding high and so it's not worth getting rid of them now. But just curious on when that starts leaking into the capital base.
Glenn Schorr: Perfect. That's great. And then just further on that, you had about an 87%-ish payout ratio this quarter. Hear your comments loud and clear on how you feel about the stock, and you generate a lot of capital. Everybody okay, meaning regulators with an 87% payout ratio? I didn't know how they balance capital now, capital in the future and capital -- current period capital generation.
Glenn Schorr: I'm with you. Final one on NIM. You'd mentioned the NIM was slightly up, let's just call it stable, x the big balance sheet growth this quarter. Steady-state balance sheet, what are the puts and takes that are helping you see that stable NIM because obviously, the natural weight of gravity right now with rate is going to pull it down. Are you doing a little more investing further out or in corporates on the security side, and I did see loans pick up as well.
Karen B. Peetz: Sure. Ken, our Corporate Trust business performed pretty well. It was also impacted by fee waivers, money market funds. But some of that money actually went into NIR, okay? And you're right that market activity was down other than ABS and high yield, and U.S. municipal debt is looking better.
Karen B. Peetz: The only other thing I'd add is that we are reducing expenses and looking to make the business more efficient. So that's a big focus in that business.
Karen B. Peetz: Ken, year-to-date some of the issuance facts or DRs we had $5.1 billion DRs compared to $2.2 billion this time last year. So that was, obviously, increased volume. Of course, we continue to have great market share, 55% of the new business we won, and we acted as a Depositary for 53% of new offering. So that's all very strong. We had a great quarter for DRs and a strong pipeline. But there is some slowing in corporate action and some delays in IPO activity. So net-net, we have more DRs outstanding than we've ever had, $35 billion.
