Gerald Hassell: Well, thanks Ashley for the question. We continuously look at all of our expenses as a way to try to control them better in recognition of the macro environment that we’re in and rightsizing the size of company to the reality of the revenues that are being generated. So it’s a continuous process, that's why we haven’t announced any program, we haven’t announced any separate initiative. It is day in and day out reduced any expenses and improving our operations and efficiency. I feel good about what we have achieved so far in the first half of this year. We’re looking to do more in the second half. The severance cost that we are taking this quarter, the run rate will improve and offset the normal merit increase in the second half of this year. So I feel good about going into the second half in terms of continuing to control expense as well.
Gerald Hassell: Yes Ken, it is Gerald. Just a couple of comments there, one you’d recall we did lose a couple of clients over the course of the last 12 months. Those losses are now in the full run rate and that’s why you’ve seen a softness in some of the asset servicing revenues that’s now fully in a run rate and we think we feel good about the pipeline in a go forward. We’re attracting good clients and so it’s a little bit soft this quarter, but we expect it to pick up in the future.
Gerald Hassell: Sure so the issuer services on a year-over-year basis I think it was down more than $60 million. Part of what we saw in the second quarter was last year we saw a little more dividend action in the second quarter, and due to timing, we’re going to see some of that in the third quarter. So we would expect the third quarter to show the typical bounce that we get in seasonality around DRs and probably even a little bit higher than typical. So that was one of the reasons for softness there. And the reason is we also had fewer of these, kind of pass through, where some of our technology investments in corporate trust paid for clients and we see that in our revenue as well as in expense line. We had a little bit few -- a little bit less than that.
Gerald Hassell: Well, Mike we -- just as I said at the shareholder meeting, it’s a business we like a lot. We think there is a lot of good benefits with the two businesses together. Investment management is a great contributor to our earnings, it’s capital light it’s fee-based. We’re getting collaboration across the businesses we learn from each other, we are collaborating our new products, new services, new capabilities. When we have done math as I said at the annual meeting, we don’t take the math works, there is a lot of tax challenges, a lot of regulatory challenges associated with it. We are in fact improving the margins both in investment services and in investment management and that was evidence this quarter, in investment management you saw a 2% improvement year-over-year in the margins in the business, why we’re still investing in it? So we think we can improve the returns and the margins and drive a great business together. We like the diversity of the earnings, we like the fact that they mutually service the same client, I think it’s a great combination.
Gerald Hassell: So you’re talking about moving a little bit of the cash that we have in the form of placements into high quality liquid assets. Part of that is compliance with LCR, so we are sitting on a massive amount of cash, placements are not LCR compliant. So this is a fairly easy way for us to comply and we will generate a little bit of additional NIR. We don’t want to give up much of our interest rate sensitivity, so you’re not going to see a significant move there. We do think that there is growth in opportunity cost and the capital cost to join that Brennan. But you will see a modest adjustment.
Gerald Hassell: Yes just one final bit of color, I think you are seeing evidence of it in the 200 basis points improvement in margin year-over-year. This year and early next year are sort of the high watermarks in terms of the level of investment and we showed you in April. We expect an improvement in margin as those investments start to pay off. And also I might add, the investments we are making are not high risk investments. It is investing in wholesalers and distribution. It’s investing in wealth managers. We are bringing in clients. That’s starting to show up in numbers now. These are investments we have very-very conference on the returns.
Gerald Hassell: Yes, the primary operating platform for corporate trust is the trust accounting system. It’s really dedicated to corporate trust. They are the last user above it, and actually we were in a migration mode to our end-stage platform called GSP, for those of you who are interested in acronyms. We’re in the process of doing the conversion and we are going to continue the process and it should be completed next year. And so there is no change in that going forward. And we will realize better operating metrics as a result of it.
Gerald Hassell: Great question, Cynthia, so first on the regulatory side, the rate of increase is slowing down, it is creating greater clarity around the rules and the regulations and what we need to do to be in compliance with them. But importantly, we cannot sacrifice having a well-controlled, well risk-managed firm we are absolutely committed to that and we’re not going to sacrifice having a great firm in those categories. But we do in fact see the rate of growth moderating and our expense management is taking into consideration, continuing to fund those activities and so that’s why we are very diligent around all the other things that we can control so that we can fund new investments, we can fund having a well controlled environment and continue to grow our businesses and serve our clients well. So it’s all factored into the expense control programs that we put in place. And the platform consolidations again the technology investments that we’re making are factored in the expense base and we’re realizing the synergies out of the platform consolidations and it’s in the run rate.
Gerald Hassell: Thank you. Everyone thank you very much for dialing in today. I know you had a lot of interest in our results and so follow up questions to Izzy Dawood or Andy Clark they are available to answer your questions and thank you for your interest in us. Have a great.
Gerald Hassel: Yes, we had indicated a few years back that our target on ROE was about 10%, and return on tangible common equity would be substantially higher than that, so far the first quarter, I mean excuse me for the second quarter return on tangible common equity was about 18%. We think we can continue -- in the first quarter we’re going to be around 8% and 18%. We think they can continue to grind that up into that 10% range without a significant move with rates or volatility. Obviously I think we saw move in a better market conditions here than we would see a much more significant jump.
Gerald Hassel: Yes Alex, great question. Certainly some of our largest clients are shrinking their balance sheets and reducing their repo positions. So what’s interesting is our tri-party repo program has essentially been flat so as the dealers in the U.S. have shrunk the marketplace the global tri-party program has increased. So we are able to maintain the revenues and their profitability in the business and get a good return on the investments we have made in the tri-party repo reform program. There is no question that as the big dealers in the U.S. shrink their activities, there is some impact in our revenue streams there. But we are making up for it through enhanced services and capabilities in other places like collateral services. Collateral services, as you may recall was originally designed for the sales side, the buyer side is the one that’s going to serve using it much more heavily. And so we feel very good about our position to be able to offset the declines in the large broker-dealers with more activity from other clients.
Gerald Hassel: Sure Betsy thanks for the question. When we said -- in May, when we made more public that we are exploring this, we said at the time, let someone was willing to pay us a premium value for this business, we wouldn’t sell it, because we like the business, we like the attributes of it. It’s a fee-based business. It has future upside potential with a more normalized monetary policy and is structured notes and mortgage backed securities come back on. We see light at the end of the tunnel. We would only sell it if in fact someone would pay us the premium what we thought the value of these businesses were it’s a challenging environment for someone to acquire something of this size and complexity. And so we decided that we couldn’t get the kind of premium that we thought that this business was worth, and we think that it’s much more valuable in our hands and we can continue to build upon it and leverage it, and it’s a great business. And that’s why I said we have always liked it. It was only a question whether it was more valuable to someone else than versus us.
Gerald Hassel: Well, the consideration to begin we have started a long time ago, so let’s start with that. Our Board has always been very active and we as a management team have been very active. And looking at our -- all of our portfolio of businesses and making sure that they’re best held in our hands versus someone else. And on corporate trust in some ways it was a simple math in a low interest rate environment with a level of deposits that were generated, if someone could make better use of those deposits and get a better margin on it and pay us a premium for the business that’s when we would consider. To the extent that someone couldn’t take advantage of it, we’re happy to have the business and continue to own it and grow it and that’s our leading market share of business. So that was the core reason for that. We think we can achieve our capital ratios, our leverage ratios, our liquidity coverage ratios, all within our own needs, irrespective of retaining the corporate trust business.
Gerald Hassel: Well, I’ll start with part of the answer and then I’ll turn it over Todd, Todd has become a student of this as well as Curtis. We are the vehicle through which the reserve repo program of the Fed is -- we’re the mechanism for allowing it to happen in the marketplace or for them to put the program in place. So and the Fed is a client of ours in that regard and so we do see the activity running through us and we’re not going to violate any confidences there. But I think it is certainly one of the tools in the Fed’s tool box in terms of managing monetary policy and interest rates. And so maybe with that I’ll turn it over to Todd or Curtis.
Gerald Hassel: Yes. As you can tell from our NIR position we’ve taken a bit of a defensive stance we’ve actually reduced our asset sensitivity substantially from where we were last year. We do pay for that a little bit on our NIM there is no question about it. There will be a little bit of an increase as we do make that transition Glenn. I don’t think it will be significant it will be in the vicinity of about 10% so our sensitivity would increase about 5% to 10%. And we will be users of the health and maturity account as well so there’s less sensitivity to the capital ratios.
Gerald Hassel: Sure, we actually consolidated some of the CLOs that one of our asset managers managed, actually quite a few of the CLOs. So as we transition from Basel I to Basel III we actually reviewed the treatment of those consolidated assets. And we determined that even though we have no economic risk to them, we have no credit exposure at all that they should be included in our risk weighted assets. We actually expect this might be a temporary item FASB has just recently discussed the possibility of adapting a new standard that could be adopted as early next year and it would lead to us probably in consolidating some or even most of these assets as early as next year.
Gerald Hassel: Yes, there are two major components and there couple, but I’d say the two major components in there Glenn is our marketing expenses and our travel and entertainment expenses. We’ve been much more aggressive in managing our -- those discretionary expenses. For example, we have discouraged internal travel, we’ve encouraged, increased use of video and audio conferencing. And so rather than pull some of our operating committee together from time-to-time, we are doing it virtually much more frequently. And we are doing that across the board, we are not decreasing important revenue producing travel, this is internal related travel. Also last year, we had a substantial campaign on our marketing and branding efforts and we’ve reduced the spend associated with that. We are going to try to keep this discipline and sustain these levels. Now there is some seasonality to this with conference and so forth, so we would expect the third quarter is typically pretty good and the fourth quarter tends to be a little bit higher.
Gerald Hassel: Yes, I think we will be able to as we model this out and obviously it’s going to be a bit sensitive to interest rates. But as we go through our modeling here, I think in the next few quarters, we will be able to maintain the level at this rate or in the ballpark of this rate, maybe slightly higher.
Curtis Arledge: Yes. So Mike I think that when you think about investment management we’re serving the same clients. In so many cases that our clients run investment services business, you’ve asked for a very specific number. Truthful what is happening is these clients become clients with both parts of our organization, but with this continuous ability to connect to the investment services clients that's such powerful part of investment management. Let me give you a -- just in this quarter, a couple of examples. We had a foundation, a line of the investment servicing business that is expressing interest and expanding their portfolio in a direction of direct lending investment vehicles. The team that covers them for investment services are well aware of our capabilities in this space introduced us to that client and it became a win for us in terms of getting an investment management mandate. The other part of the investment services business that’s been a real winner for us from past several months has been offering our private banking services for the clients approaching. So the financial advisors that approach and serves, many of them don’t have access to their own private banking activity, so we’ve linked those two actually invested in having a team in our private bank, make lending available to them and have seen nearly $0.5 billion of loan volume over a pretty short time and actually on really what we call the pilot effort that we’re now actually planning to make it a much bigger part of the business. If you look at our cash business today, because we’re at a low interest environment, the overall economics of the cash business are not really what we think the contingent opportunity is in a more normalized rate environment, but just think of all the changes that occurred in the money market fund world with the question was asked earlier about the basic change in market structure. We think we’re well positioned to provide services around cash products into the higher rate environment that will be very valuable to the shareholders of BNY Mellon. So those are some examples of the places where there is real synergy.
Curtis Arledge: Yes. And Brennan some of the other activities we’re working on, you’ve seen the loan book and our wealth management business grow, we like that sort of that asset. You’ve seen some of our secured financing for some of our collateral management clients’ increase. We are looking at other area within our asset capabilities to generate better returns on those assets and still keep the interest rate sensitivity available to us for our win rates to improve.
Curtis Arledge: Yes Brennan, it is Curtis. So first of all I would say that last year in addition to the investments that we made to grow our wealth management to expand our reach to financially expand our budgets through primarily in the U.S. to drive us and also to grow geographically. Those investments they sort of dampen margin, but I would also would call out the fact that we had a pretty some meaningful fee waiver environment, so we have a big part of our business is absolutely impacted by low or short rates. When you compare our overall enterprise to other peers that are sort of over the $1 trillion mark, we have a substantially smaller percentage of assets that are any equity asset class, and so the -- and I would also point out that our equity AUM is also pretty diversified, lot less as a percent is U.S. equities which have -- and especially did here last year. So we don’t -- well it was certainly a tailwind for us. It was not nearly the tailwind that it would have been for investment firms that are less diversified and more similarly exposed to equity AUM. I don’t think that the boutique structure certainly is one of our investment firms is very focused on their client base, their asset classes. They have a wider array of their own activities, both institutional and through retail distribution channels. But I actually think that they would benefit from the scale. We have firms that are 30, 40, 50 people highly focused on a very specific asset class, and we give them geographic reach in terms of clients and have a firm on the East Coast of United States that’s raising money all over Asia and throughout the Sovereign Wealth Fund World without having to actually build their own infrastructure to do that. So I think it is a -- we’re pretty excited about what we do. We are investing in it and you’re absolutely focused on improving margins. That’s why we are investing with where we are. If you look at the peers who have higher margins than us, they generally have substantially larger percentage of their assets in the retail space, and they have a larger share currently, they are benefiting from the equity tailwind. Of course that creates more profit volatility and margin volatility, if you look at it through time. But we are investing to improve our margins and are pretty excited about our opportunities there.
Curtis Arledge: Yes and on the organic side, first of all we will tell you that we had a long-term out flows this quarter of 13 billion. It’s a pretty unique situation actually and that one of our large LDI clients actually decided to take their LDI activities in-house. So it was not any way related to our investment performance or service, we always hate losing any business, but completing our standard decisions that they may -- to do that. I will tell you that our pipelines around LDI specifically continue to be robust, pension de-risking is still very much alive and well and I would actually say it’s expanding geographically. So our largest business is Insight, which has a large book of UK, LDI business and I can tell you that the global interest in LDI is definitely not shrinking. One of the nice things about just -- since we are talking about the Insight, I will tell you the Insight, the tools that you’ve to be able to perfectly model the liabilities, especially UK liabilities are having inflation sensitivity component. You have to be very good at understanding market dynamics and what drives risk and return and in the quarter, Insight specifically actually had a very significant amount of inflow into alternative strategies absolute return strategies where they are taking a lot of their capabilities and creating absolute return products, if their clients, who have been very satisfied with them in the LDI space are allocating to them and also getting broader interest. We like the short term side like the rest of the industry did experience outflows our outflows we think are roughly in inline with that the industry saw in the second quarter both some of it being tax payment, some of this being that clients were certainly in the beginning of the quarter reallocating short-term cash into some of the higher yielding on assets and actually that’s the story in fixed income as well. Our product outflow there is related to mostly short duration fixed income where clients are reallocating. In equities the dynamic there has really been three things. The equity rebalancing so the increase in equity markets has caused clients to move money. But we’ve also seen clients move assets around into past strategies. So in this quarter, you actually will see our increase of 7 billion was almost entirely equity index. So it’s nice thing you have a diverse range of products to be able to -- it’s leaving one place, it’s going another money in motion is big part of our advantage here.
