Gerald Hassell: Charlie, thank you very much for those kind remarks. And operator, we're now able to open it up for questions. Operator, can we open it up for questions. Yes, thank you.
Gerald Hassell: And I think, Alex, the related question you had is how about the impact of the treasury paper on regulatory change. A component of that was to exclude things like treasuries and central bank cash and perhaps new treasury repo out of the denominator of the leverage ratio and the SLR. As you look out to the binding constraints for the big broker dealer, big entities and broker dealers that is their binding constraint. So, I would assume that they've got some relief. The matched books that they had run in the past could probably grow and we would benefit from more activity. So, we would be very welcoming of seeing that. We think it would be healthy for the treasury market itself, because I think it would add greater liquidity to the market, tighten up spreads, and we also think there would be more transaction volume flowing through us if that would be the case.
Gerald Hassell: Yeah, maybe I can add a loaf something Alex and that is we have a very, very good process internally by business segment around seeing the deposit flows, I mean that's why the benefits of enhanced data by business line, by segment, they can work with our treasury area making sure we are pricing the deposits the right way for the best outcome for the firm and for the clients. And that process is working very smoothly.
Gerald Hassell: Yeah, Gerard one slight correction to your commentary, the revenue growth in Investment Management was up very nicely and the pretax income was up even more. So I - we just want to then correct it a little bit to the performance to the Investment Management area was actually been quite robust this year.
Gerald Hassell: Thank you very much Geoffrey and thanks everyone for dialing in. We really appreciate it. Then I'm sure you'll follow up with Valerie and our team on further questions.
Todd Gibbons: Sure, Ken. Good morning. So, the securities book, it does have about 30% of it that is floating, so that reprices regularly and it is a little bit of lag to that, but we see that reflected in the numbers over the past couple of quarters. The other 70% is being reinvested in similar duration securities and there's a flat yield curve. So, those rates really haven't gone up much. So, it's not really benefiting from a change in the rate environment. As we look forward, we would expect to see those yields continue to grind up if they follow the forward yield curve. You probably could see the entire securities portfolio continue to grind up maybe in the range of six or seven basis points a quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Okay. The comment I made was we typically see in the second quarter a fairly substantial bump. We expect to see that in this quarter, but not as large as what we've seen in the past. I think Brian you can kind of point out what the factors that are driving that.
Todd Gibbons: And corporate actions in the space tend to be episodic anyway. So, you are going to get some swings there from period to period.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. I want to talk to - talk about a couple of points here. If you look at Page 8 of our earnings release, we disclosed what the cost of our interest bearing deposits and the change in the quarter and you can see in this quarter went from three basis points to nine basis points. So, we had about a 29 basis point increase on average in the interest on excess reserves. So, if you take into consideration that about 75% of our deposits are US dollar denominated that equates to the core of somewhere between 25% and 30% data. We do think that data with future rate increases will increase, but it will continue to add positively to our NIM. So, we do anticipate base moving up above the 50% range with the next few movements. In terms of deposit behaviors, they've probably have performed our expectations a little bit in the second quarter. In terms of the total deposits they are up a little bit. US deposits are just about dead flat on a sequential basis both in the noninterest bearing and in the interest bearing. And we do believe depending on how the Fed dose it's tapering that we might continue to see some modest runoff in noninterest bearing deposits. I think what goes on in the interest bearings is going to be just related to data's. So, there is no reason that we'd have to see that kind of a runoff. But the net impact is still a positive one with our NIM increasing more than the impact of the runoff. That's what we are currently modeling.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. How about if I start and Brian? So, one of the things that I want to make clear is, if you look at the asset servicing line for the enterprise, that does include some fee revenue that's generated in the investment management and some fee revenue that's generated and most of it obviously is generated in the Investment Services business. So, on the Investment Management side, we have seen in our boutiques a little lower securities lending and - in that kind of the custody related business and wealth management, it's been relatively flat. The remainder of it is running through - through investment services and Brian you can speak to that.
Todd Gibbons: I think just as a reminder to - our business mix is a little bit different, so we are much more fixed income oriented as you know with - fixed incomes are actually down a little bit year-over-year, but we are benefitting from the expertise that we have in the collateral management side of that. So, I think that's - so we do get a market bump. There is no question about it, but it's probably not as high as you might see as somebody that was more oriented toward equities.
Todd Gibbons: Todd, I'll have to ask a follow up question of your question on the second question, but as to the balance size Brian, if we do get really from the treasury recommendations, we are going to have to think through what to do that would relieve a fair amount of our capital requirements. And so we have been pretty disciplined in the past and I expect that we will be in the future and so if putting that - if growing the balance sheet makes sense, we will do that. If not, we will buy back our shares. And so we will have to compare with the alternatives or with that incremental cash. We would love to see it because we think it would propel behavior and we would love the optionality that it would provide, but again that activity would have to be contingent in our making a decent return because ultimately it's freed up capital. So, we got to do something with capital and so that's how we are thinking about. I didn't completely understand your second question, Brian.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah. I don't know of the top of my head. The reason to a lot of premium amortization impact so, I don't think that's going to be driving it, but I don't. If you recall back in the fourth quarter, we adopted what we call the prepayment method for amortization - the premium amortization and under that method I think we have reduced quite a bit of the volatility out of the numbers. So, we are going to have to look into that. I don't have that detail Brian.
Todd Gibbons: So one at it, I take the stab at this and the bridges both of our major sectors. First of all on the clearing side the further consolidation of mutual fund assets under our platforms is increasing and it's very gratifying to see that our platforms are being used more extensively as that consolidation process occurs and we are winning business from brokers and accelerating at pace and more importantly advisors as we shift to an advisory model utilizing our platform to capture assets and that's one of the reasons why you are seeing the clearing business pick up as nicely as it did as well as the fee waiver impact. Second part of your question is, we are seeing and capturing more cash through our various portals and platforms. So whether its purging platform or liquidity services platform, we are capturing and internalizing more of that flow and that's why I think we are outperforming capturing cash in our money market business and that flows into the Investment Management area. And I think our performance in the management of the money market funds has also improved. So we are now very, very competitive on the returns in the money market fund. So the combination of the increased performance on the funds and the capture of the cash is allowing us to outperform.
Todd Gibbons: If you look at it on average, interest bearing deposits on a year-over-year basis are down about 25 billion, so we are pretty far along the way. Most of that is in dollars. Now when we gave that indication, we assumed a parallel shift in all currencies. We haven't seen that so, we are not seeing any decline in the non-dollar deposits at this point Gerard. So I think we pretty much tract along our expectations and we could see a modest additional decline. Now that all being said, the markets are growing and so with the growth the natural underlying growth may offset some of what the interest impact and the Fed tapering impact would otherwise have.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah, I'll make a brief comment and Mitchell can jump out. We're seeing a little bit of a decline in the wealth deposits and I don't know if I can comment on that. A - Mitchell Harris Just on the wealth deposits, you have a couple of things, I think going on. You have seasonality that happens in the second quarter with tax payments and with interest rates moving up, at least private clients are moving into other products right now. So they're shifting out. With respect to the other revenue and it's really primarily an abatement of the cash waivers that we pay out to Investment Services, so it's more of an internal transfer from us over to Investment Services.
Todd Gibbons: And Michael were you refereeing to the segment line or the enterprise line for other investment, other income.
Todd Gibbons: Yeah, you would adjust - take the number on average we should - on average for the aggregate for the year it should be on the high end of that 60 to 80, so four times 80 is 320, so that -
Todd Gibbons: Well, there's a substantial amount of those that are non-dollar and so right now on the non-dollar category interest rates are extraordinarily low or negative in some instances. In US dollars it tends to be frictional cash, I mean most of us leave a little money in our checking accounts and it looks a lot like a retail business when you have many thousands upon thousands of accounts and people - and our clients are trying to make sure that they don't incur over drafts in those accounts. So they leave a little bit of a cushion for that frictional activity. And then the final point, in some of our payments businesses we actually give an earnings credit, so we don't pay interest on the account, but we credit fees for the account. So that's still denominated as a noninterest bearing account, but it effectively offsets fees for the services provided. This quarter alone, we saw pretty healthy payments business, it was only up - the fees were only up 1%, but if we reflected what the credits that they got from noninterest bearing balances, that would have added another 4%, so the actual underlying activity was up a pretty healthy number.
Todd Gibbons: I wouldn't say that that there is obviously the value of managing that tighter and tighter would go up as interest rates go up and that's why we would expect in our models and we've reflected that that is probably going to be the case. If you kind or look back at us prior to the crisis we're running those numbers somewhere around 16% of the balance sheet. It's probably a little bit higher than that now, but I believe the non-dollar component of it has contributed a fair amount of that as well.
Brian Shea: Yeah. Sure, Todd. I think the reason the growth in the third quarter wouldn't be as high as last year are really driven by three different factors. One is just market and economic conditions have driven the decline in DR's outstanding in a couple of large emerging markets. Second, there were some non-recurring M&A activity and privatization activity last year in the second quarter that won't repeat itself this year, so that's going to create a year-over-year difference. And then we are seeing pretty aggressive competitive pricing in the marketplace and we've been sticking to our discipline around profitable growth. And as a result we've lost a couple of clients in the DR space, which is another factor. So, those are the three factors. But honestly we think our profitable growth strategy is the right one long-term for the shareholder and in terms of our market share of new issuance, our market share still remains market leading and solid.
Brian Shea: Yeah. I mean JP Morgan, as you said, announced the raise for the government clearing business last year, but we're only now beginning to transition them after putting in place enhanced governance model and the enhanced resolvability model that Gerald talked about. So, we actually converted our first small JP Morgan client in the second quarter and we'll be converting now over the course of the rest of this year and the course of '18, the rest of the - those clients, as well as some other clients and new market entrants into this space. So, we think that U.S. government clearing and tri-party and global collateral services will be an increasing driver of growth over the next 18 months and we're all aligned to drive that growth responsibly.
Brian Shea: Yeah. From an investment services perspective, I mean the revenue growth up 2% year-over-year. If you adjusted that for the impact of currency and the impact of our repositioning of the U.K. retail TA business, the growth rate is more like, I would say approximately 3.5%. So it's reasonably solid growth rate. We still think that this business is positioned well for growth on long-term, asset manager's face with secular trends that are putting pressure on their cost base and we really are part of that solution in terms of extending variable cost shared economies scale solution. So, we see significant growth opportunity ahead in the middle office space and the real estate private and equity funded administration space. We are strengthening our team in the ETF services space and we sort of have a life cycle approach to ETF services, not just the core servicing, but we're authorized participants and we have a platform for us to gathering - and now a new no transaction fee, EFT asset gathering platform approaching. So, I think the - we are continuing to do the foundational things we need to enhance the growth of this business and as Todd and Gerald already mentioned collateral management which is core it, is one of those drivers going forward.
Brian Shea: Yeah. So let me start with - its Brian Shea, let me start with an excellent comment. We can say as continue to increasing adoption of the NEXEN platform and we continue to build our capabilities and add more capabilities to enhance the client experience and their ability to operate effectively. We have now crossed the threshold over a hundred thousand client and internal users on the NEXEN platform which is good. In terms of revenue generation, there is going to be some fee revenue growths from core services like API, access and processing and then obviously our premium services. It is not the yet a meaningful contributor to the revenue base, but expect that revenue and at this point we don't want to provide specific guidance on that and want to just continue to build the platform out and see [indiscernible] adoption. I would say that the client impact is growing and positively more and more case studies and examples were getting the access to the real time data through APIs is making a meaningful difference in our clients business and enabling them - for example in one case, a major financial institution getting collateral and liquidity information multiple times and today enabling them to manage their collateral and liquidity more effectively and saving our clients millions of dollars. So, really getting value more and more and there is more proof points in case studies and that's going to continue to grow. In terms of the business improvement process, I will comment on and if Charlie wants to add something to it and I'm sure he will. Look the business improvement process is going to continue. It's critical to our performance to environment and the market environment requires us to continuously optimize and our existing investments in order to fund strategic growth investments in reward shareholders. So, I don't - I see this as a process, not a project and something that we would continuously do as part of the continuous improvement culture. And so, we have a pipeline of the issues already underway and already being analyzed that would continue to drive momentum in that space. And I would hope and expect Charlie would agree to that and he is going to have a chance to decide right now. Go ahead Charlie.
Brian Shea: Okay. So yeah, we're kind of mixing apples and oranges here. Where the deposits are booked does not necessarily a reflection of the underlying currency. So, what we did see - and a fair amount of our deposits are booked at foreign branches. With that the actual mix of US dollar and non-US dollar deposits change just slightly because we saw our US dollar deposits flat and our non-US dollar deposits increase slightly. So, as we go through the pickup for the period on our interest earning deposits, the cost move from - moves up from 3 to 9 basis points. And all of that was attributed to the dollar impact. So when we walk through and I had mentioned this earlier on the call when we do the arithmetic, that equates to somewhere between 25% and 30 % data on your dollar denominated interest earning deposits.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow up on the deposit growth trends, we saw the foreign office deposit growth pick up and I think you referenced that US deposits stable. So, it seems like all that deposit growth came from foreign offices. At the same time we saw the cost of those switch from negative to positive. So number one, I guess what drove that cost and was there any particular region on driving that or was there a mixed shift there in that line item.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, got it. So, regardless of domicile currency driver was all USD and no real change in the non-US dollar based deposit.
Brennan Hawken: Got it, okay great, thanks. That's very helpful. And then when we think about revenue growth incurring services, I want to say that that drove - that was a pretty strong component that we saw here this quarter and we think about durability, I know you had some decent growth in the cash products as far as flows go. Is this just a catch up there and therefore we should think about this as the right jumping off point for that line item. It's tough because we kind see the exact AUM in the disclosures yet in those products and just not completely sure how much that is.
