Michael Santomassimo: Yes. Hey Betsy, it’s Mike. I'll take a shot and Charlie can add if you want. I think if rates sort of stay where they are, we would expect over time that pricing sort of stabilizes. As I said in my remarks, we haven't quite seen that yet, but we would expect pricing to stabilize as we go. And as you sort of think about the new rate environments and things we can do on the balance sheet, we're doing all the things you would sort of expect us to do as we sort of look to optimize, as we look forward both on the funding side and how we sort of manage the securities portfolio primarily.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, we're looking at all of that and I think there's things we can do both on our long-term debt that we've got both on tenor and quantum as well as sort of all of the funding sources that we’re sort of looking at.
Michael Santomassimo: Client profitability, sorry. Yes, so we do very detailed client profitability for our clients and have a very good sense of what's driving that and can be smart about pricing both deposits as well as sort of the overall relationship in a way that optimizes it by client. So we feel pretty good about that.
Michael Santomassimo: Well, just to be clear as we've laid out here, it's a different environment today than when we made those remarks. And so our ability to fill exactly those words is certainly far more challenging. And I'm not sure how to answer the question other than revenues and expenses, right. I mean, we have the pressures that we've seen in NII, which we've laid out, fees presumably will continue to grow both with the net wins that we’re seeing in our businesses, the improved flows in asset management and the market levels. And as we've talked about, we're going to continue to be very disciplined on expenses and continue to see what else is available.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes. So Alex, this is Mike. So I think what we've said in the past which is still the case, call it a third of the securities portfolio reprices every quarter, roughly a third. So that's either maturing securities or floating that sort of coming into what the current rate – what the yield curve looks like. So I think you can sort of use that as the basis to do your modeling. And then I think as I said for the second quarter, we would expect pricing to inch up a little bit on interest-bearing deposits and so that'll give you a sense of how to think about the compression there.
Michael Santomassimo: Hey, Ken. It’s Mike. I think given sort of the moves in the market that you've seen over the last couple quarters, I think the activity is definitely a little more muted than what we would have expected, in terms of just pure transaction activity across the different businesses. Is it a new normal? It's hard to say, right? I think that could change tomorrow depending on sort of how investors are sort of feeling and the activity levels that are sort of coming off the back of that. So – but I would definitely say it's a little more muted than what we would have thought, just given the moves and that are happening in the market.
Michael Santomassimo: Ken, I would just add, I think if you looked across the folks that we compete with every day in our businesses and you could actually see into those businesses, you would see the same dynamic. It's just more transparent here.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, I think it's almost an impossible question to answer with any degree of like certainty by client. But I think as you sort of look at the themes, like it's clear, people are managing their cash more – they're trying to optimize the yield to get on their cash and being a little – having more urgency around that. And some are – some asset managers are putting to work, some companies that we deal, other corporates that we deal with maybe investing, but it's hard to say that with any degree of certainty.
Michael Santomassimo: Yes, like loans are really small driver for us as you know from our balance sheets. But just to give you a sense of a little bit of color, we have margin loan activity or other securities-based lending activity in Pershing as an example, and we saw that come down. We don't think that's a permanent decline, but we saw that come down based on activity in the quarter. That's just an example, but it's a pretty small driver overall for the results.
Charles Scharf: Sure. Hey Betsy, it's Charlie. So when we talked last quarter, what we said was we're continuing to significantly increase our investment in technology and we wouldn't expect to see a meaningful change in expenses this year. So obviously embedded in there are a whole series of efficiency improvements that we expect to get throughout the year, and we feel very good about our ability to deliver that. I'll say that we are in the early stages of figuring out kind of what's next taking it to the next level. We have several new people who have joined us. As I mentioned Lester, who runs over 20,000 of the 50,000 people, I think we all have – we all believe that there's continued meaningful opportunity to become more efficient and improve the quality. And so hopefully we would expect there to be more, but not quite sure on the timing yet.
Charles Scharf: Yes, so I put it into two different categories. There’s series of things that we've been working with BlackRock for a long period of time line. That relate to the processing requirement that we have between what Aladdin does and what our capabilities are. And as we have gone through that journey with them, and by the way, just to be clear, a lot of it is – I'm not saying this is just us. We’ve just taken the efficiency with which we process our transactions to an extraordinarily high level that we haven't seen in many other places, and so that's an opportunity which benefits us because we become more efficient, but it obviously benefits to the asset manager as well because they see efficiencies on their side as well as quality improvement with the extraordinarily high rates of straight through processing that we ultimately have. So those are our opportunities that common clients have. And then in addition to that, we've introduced a series of analytical capabilities that benefit both operations professionals and investment managers embedded in the Aladdin technology that we think provides further benefits. So I think as we look at it, it benefits us for sure, but it also creates additional capabilities for clients that today – that are available in the marketplace today. This isn't something that we're dreaming of. This isn't an idea that we have. It's there today. And our goal is to continue to expand the integration and to think about other third parties that are important for our clients, who are non-Aladdin clients.
Charles Scharf: Yes. And I'll just add to it. I think it's a strong discipline that exists, not just in how much we make on NII of the client, but it's a relationship view where we see all the activity that we do with the client across the entire firm. And I think we try and be smart about maximizing profit and returns relative to what the relationship looks like.
Charles Scharf: Glenn, we're looking at that now. As you know, it's not a big piece of the pie now, nor do I personally think it will be a big piece anytime soon. But we're spending some time looking at it now both in the Asset Management side and Asset Servicing make sure, we understand it fully.
Charles Scharf: No. I just – we're going to hide behind the facts of the quarter, right? They are what they are. NII is disappointing. That's obviously clear when you look at the results. But when we look at the underlying metrics of the progress that we're making, which is what will drive the long-term performance within the Asset Servicing business, we feel very good about the pipelines and the types of things that we're seeing. The things that we've announced with BlackRock and other things we're working on are what's going to drive the success in the future, both in fees and ultimately in our ability to attract deposits, which come at that business. We've talked about Pershing extensively about getting through these couple of losses that we've had, but we've got a lot more coming and we feel great about the pipeline there. Issuer Services, we talked about the share that we're taking or I should say winning back in some respects. In the Corporate Trust business, Treasury Services, we feel very good about the way we're building the business and what the opportunities are there. Clearance and Collateral Management is done extremely well, not just because of the conversions from JPMorgan, but just the underlying growth that we've been able to generate there. And Investment Management, we had the outflows last year, but performance is coming back. So I just – we do have to get through the reality of the interest rate environment, but the things that we're doing to drive growth over a period of time, we don't feel any worse about. And I think on the margin, we feel slightly better and we're continuing to drive it. But it will take time to show up in the numbers.
Charles Scharf: Yes. As I said before, the additional capabilities and the widgets in the apps that we have created, the integrated into Aladdin are available immediately, and our ability to integrate data in a more seamless way to help drive the more efficient operational process that's available today. So we made the announcement. We're in conversation with the common clients that we have to make sure they understand what the capabilities are. And so we'll see what the next couple of months what the uptick is. Again, we feel very good about the value add that's there. And as I said, we're continuing to – the capabilities that we announced aren't the end of the road. We're continuing to build new capabilities, which will be integrated. Beyond Aladdin, as I said, we believe that we should be an open platform. In fact most asset managers use more than one provider. To the extent they want to use Aladdin. We're obviously there to support them today, but we also want to be where our clients are. And so there are a lot of very strong platforms out there that our clients use. You can assume that we're having lots of discussions and the benefits that we've been able to bring to Aladdin. We would assume we would able to bring to other providers as well so we can help a bunch of broader set of our clients.
Charles Scharf: Yes, I'll start on the second part first, Mike. I think transaction volumes were pretty muted all quarter. So we didn't see really any big uptick in the second part as we sort of came out of the quarter. So it was pretty consistent. And if you recall last year, last year's volumes were very high particularly in the first half of the first quarter of 2018. So we certainly didn't see even as the market rallied in the first quarter, at least in the U.S. We didn't see that transaction volume sort of follow with it. So I think that's the case. I think on just the overall market impact, I think you can see in our disclosures in asset management what the AUM looks like. So that will give you a good sense of how we're entering the quarter by asset class and how to think about that. And then on the Asset Servicing side in particular just if you recall, roughly two-thirds are a little less of our ACI is fixed income and so we get the benefit of the market impact on the rest of other pieces of ACI – so you get a sense of how to model that as you go into the second quarter.
Charles Scharf: I wouldn't think of the decline as seasonal. I don't know that would be the right way to think about it. And look I think as we've said for a while and as I said in my remarks, we would expect those to come down a little bit more in the second quarter and I wouldn't go any further than that at this point.
Charles Scharf: I think I answered this earlier, I think we are still very comfortable with what we've said, which is we're continuing to significantly increase the investment in technology and offset it with efficiencies that we're getting elsewhere. And so our ability to deliver on that, I think we still feel very, very good about. We've got some new people in some big jobs here that are continuing to dive in and figure out what comes next. We all feel like we've got a lot more opportunity than we've currently addressed, but not exactly sure what the timing is. So more to come as the year unfolds.
Charles Scharf: Yes, that's a good question. And so just to be clear, the capabilities that we have in these applications in widgets can be integrated into countless operating environments elsewhere as long as they can accept them. So these weren't built necessarily for one specific environment and so we're going full speed with others.
Charles Scharf: Yes. So for the things that we have rolled out now, these are – they're actually capabilities that existing clients currently have in our Asset Servicing space. And so whatever we get paid for the business we have with them they have access to those capabilities. What the integration with Aladdin does is it makes it far, far easier to actually access our capabilities at the act. At the same time, they're accessing, all of the information and capabilities that lead up to the time we get involved in the trade. So just think of the ability to be – have one screen with your front-end on one part of the screen, your backend on the other, and being able to answer questions real time effectively on one screen. And so to the extent that we build-out additional capabilities, just like we wouldn't our typical business, those are things that we might or might not charge for. But what we're doing today is what we're getting paid for.
Charles Scharf: But I would say that there is relatively little uptick on the things that we have created because it's hard to use them in concert with the front-end and what we've done with Aladdin solves that problem.
Charles Scharf: Yes, listen. I think, we've been very, very clear that we don't believe that owning a front-end is necessary or even the right thing. I'm certainly given what our businesses. As I said before, many – most asset managers use multiple providers. Staying at the forefront of building capabilities on the front-end is an entire business unto its own that has changed and will continue to change dramatically. That's not our sweet spot. But there are others that do nothing but this that focus on that. And some of them are really good at it. And so what we want to do is make sure that we're working as closely together as we can, not just on integrating capabilities, but working on common data sets in a whole series of things that do make the process much more seamless than it's been. And so that's the journey that we're on and we think that's it would be extremely attractive to asset managers and asset owners.
Charles Scharf: Yes. And just how we're building on it to that, the way we know is we sit in the room with the business leaders and we'd go through exactly what they are seeing in the marketplace as they talk to clients because it's not like we just sit and look at a bunch of reports and see numbers go up or down. Those conversations, where's the money coming from? Where's the money going to and exactly what rates are we paying? What rates are others paying? And I just echo what Mike said is I think as we've gone through a period of change, people have done some different things in the marketplace, but as rates stabilize, you would expect deposit – the rates that people pay to do the same as well.
Charles Scharf: I think we've said what we have to say on capital, right, which is to the extent that we're not going to be using it to grow. We believe we should return it, and we feel good about our position and the process is the process.
Charles Scharf: I think it's – I mean obviously we'll have to see what's happening at that time, but if rates start to decline, we would expect that we would recapture that very quickly.
Charles Scharf: Okay. I think that's the last one. Thanks. We appreciate everyone dialing in. Thanks for the time. We'll talk soon.
