Timothy Keaney: It's Tim Keaney. We've won in the last 4 quarters about $1.5 trillion, and about $740 million has yet to convert. And that's probably over the next 2-plus quarters or so.
Timothy Keaney: I think you see a pretty good mix, Glenn. It's mostly bundled business. Although I would say, If you looked over the last 4 quarters, we've seen a notable uptick in kind of outsourcing generally, mostly in the Asset Management segment and the insurance segment, which we think plays to a real strength for us. And one of the questions, I guess, was asked the last time we were together was how much of this is new flow. About 63% of the $500 billion we won during the quarter, we took from competition and 37% is what I would characterize as new flow for our industry, like outsourcing.
Timothy Keaney: Yes, sure. If you look at our expenses on a -- if we look at it on a year-over-year basis, Alex, I would say we're pretty much in line adjusting for inflation and -- excuse me, not inflation, the acquisitions and the litigation, it increased at about the same level of -- that we saw the increase in our core fee revenues, probably around 8%. Our benefits expenses were quite a bit higher in the first quarter, as we had indicated previously that they would be. And that's largely medical and pension. And now that that's embedded into our run rate, if you back that off, there's probably about 100 basis points of positive operating leverage that we're seeing in our core business. And if you look at the number that we described on Page 14, you can see that we continue to get more and more efficient because our expenses are decreasing as a function of our core revenues. In a very soft, what we call our "capital markets" environment, that is the low volatility that we saw in the first quarter, relatively low interest rates and softer sec lending, our growth rate when we're not growing in those areas, but we are growing our core fees, we would estimate our core growth rate probably to be in the mid-single digits. And we're not going to generate a whole lot of positive operating leverage. We think we can generate a modest amount of positive operating leverage at that kind of expense run. However, we do have a number of longer-term programs that we think will continue to help. We have a number of systems that we need to sunset and take that expense run rate out. We do have a number of programs to reduce our technology infrastructure costs. We're starting to see some of the early benefits of the consolidation of our consulting expenses, and you can see that in our run rate as we've negotiated better terms and we're doing more of our activity with fewer providers as we continue to improve our procurement activities. In the little longer run, we're not -- we don't have any anticipation of taking any significant charges. We're doing this all through our P&L today. But we also see opportunities to reduce occupancy expense as we consolidate into fewer locations around the globe. So I think we will generate, in this kind of weak type of revenue environment for the capital market stuff, we'll generate moderate operating leverage where we'll really see it come once we see a little more on the capital markets side and some of the benefits from our long-term expense reductions.
Timothy Keaney: Jeff, it's Tim Keaney here. I think it's really very straightforward much more of the goal for pricing new business and frankly, when current clients renew pricing, we're seeing more of our total revenues and fees. And we're being very, very, very conservative kind of the new reality in terms of what we expect over the term of a contract for NII, FX and securities lending. And I think over a cycle, whether that's 3 or 4 years, we're going to see a larger percentage of our revenues coming in the form of fees. And so the good news is, Todd mentioned the win rates; we're not seeing that impact our new business win rates because we're talking been very openly about these issues with our clients.
Timothy Keaney: Absolutely. And certainly for about a year now, I haven't seen anyone doing what I would have characterized as silly pricing, so I think all of our competitors are doing the same thing.
Timothy Keaney: And maybe, Brian, on my side in Asset Servicing, we have the best new business pipeline we've had in 6 quarters. Pipeline's gone up almost 60% year-on-year largely driven by outsourcing. And one of the things we are looking at is kind of the giveaway-takeaway ratio for the $500 billion new business wins in Asset Servicing for the quarter. We won 5.5x more than we lost in assets, and we won 7x more than we lost in revenue terms. So at least for this quarter, we've been a clear net winner.
Timothy Keaney: Ken, it's Tim here. I think what you don't see is we converted actually a very low amount for the quarter. We only converted about $273 billion. So I think it's really a story about what's left to convert. That's probably about a third lower than we've converted the last few quarters. So I think that's really what you're seeing is the pace with which to do business is going from being won to actually showing up in the run rate.
Timothy Keaney: Yes, and I think the fact that about half of what we've won over the last 12 months is still left to convert, and we just did a couple of very big conversions in April, I think that's a fair statement to make.
Timothy Keaney: Yes, Brian, at the risk of maybe repeating myself a little bit here, I do think it's a very much a good news story looking forward about the business left to convert. The win rate's high. We're winning very good business. When we lose business, it's not for quality or for price. We had one of our largest losses over the quarter. A competitor insourcing what they had outsourced to us for their own asset management business would be an example of that. So I think it is very much a story about getting these wins converted.
Timothy Keaney: I do, and I go back to the point about the new pricing paradigm and making sure that when we price business now, it reflects an extremely conservative view on capital markets related revenue. And of the deals we won in the quarter, I think it would be absolutely fair to suggest you'd see a large proportion of total revenue showing up in hard dollar fees. And even with that new pricing discipline, we continue to have a very, very, very high win rate. The clients [ph] forget the fact that the world's changed.
Timothy Keaney: Yes, Rob [ph], it's Tim here. Yes, I would say for this -- maybe the last couple of quarters, more of the new business is coming from outside. I think it would also be reflective of the fact that the fixed income markets have been a bit soft, and as we've talked about before, we tend to have a little bit more fixed income assets under custody. And also the third component would be the mix. I think Todd mentioned very well the contribution of the acquisitions that we've done in about 25% to 27% of the new business wins for the quarter are related to the acquisitions we've done. Transfer agency would be an example of a couple of very good wins that just take a little bit of time to convert and aren't measured in assets under custody. The same thing with middle office outsourcing. So you've just got to be careful if there's a mix there. And of course, we also saw, for the Asset Servicing business, cash balances up significantly, up about 11% because of the wins that we had in the quarter. So I think it's a combination of those things, Rob [ph].
Thomas Gibbons: Sure. Let me start with the revenue side of it. If you adjust for about $270 million on a year-over-year basis, that would bring us down after acquisitions total revenues to about 2.3% year-over-year. And Glenn, before -- what I'd like to add to that is in the first quarter of last year, we had very high investment income. So we had a translation adjustment that went in our favor, and we also had the benefit of disposal of a number of leases. And we also had unusually high trading income in our derivatives book. So if you adjust for those two things, the core underlying fee revenue was about 8%. And you had a follow-up question, Glenn.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, why don't I give you kind of a bigger picture on it. This is Todd. In our total transactions that we do with our clients, 75% of that business is done away from us and 25% is done with us. Of that 25%, we have not disclosed the split between standing instruction versus negotiated activity that we perform. But standing instruction is just a part of the total, and it is a pretty small percentage of the total transactions that are done with us. And if you -- to look even more broadly, you're talking about 6% of our total revenues. So standing instructions are just a part of that 6% of the total revenues for the company.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. We have a little more seasonality than a number of our competitors, as you know. So from a quarter-to-quarter basis, you're going to see some noise one way or the other.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, what we've been doing and what we've been running through the P&L is we've been reinvesting those cost savings into other things. For example, our global growth strategies have prevented -- have presented quite a bit to us this year, which we've been reinvesting in the reengineering efforts that we're doing around the globe.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, ideally we would like to be able to reinvest the savings probably for a year or two that these efforts are creating without taking any single charge related to them.
Thomas Gibbons: No, we certainly would, but I think we're going to give you a metric now, Betsy. On Page 14, when you're looking at the investment services, you're going to be able to follow how we're doing there.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure. I'd love to take this one, Betsy. We actually started the buybacks last month before we got too close to the earnings release. So in terms of the share buybacks, we will continue as soon as we can.
Thomas Gibbons: No, I mean, the capital plan really was not a Basel III capital plan. They did want to see our road map, if you will, to complying with Basel III. But it was really a Tier 1 common Basel I capital ratio. And we do -- obviously, we do well, just because of the nature of our business and the low risk balance sheet that we have. I think the other good news is we generate an awful lot, as you can see in this first quarter, an awful lot of both Basel I and even more Basel III capital in the first quarter. So ahead of what our estimates had been.
Thomas Gibbons: No, I mean, I just -- it continues to be a risk for us and for the industry. And as soon as we can figure out that there is a probability of something going to happen, we're going to -- we'll do something about it. And we think that we've put ourselves -- we're adequately reserved for what we know at this time.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure. I think the long-term liquidity ratio that we really haven't spent that much time with yet, so I think that's still more in a developmental phase. But it looks like the liquidity coverage ratio, the LCR is starting to hone in on what we would expect to see with a couple of elements of uncertainty. Given our business model and the huge amount of excess liquidity we maintain, I don't see that as a particular constraining issue for us, Howard. In terms of the leverage ratio, I really haven't been overly focused on it at this point. I don't think it will be the constraining ratio for us. There is some question on how you would treat a number of different asset types. But we think the more -- the ratio that we're going to be more focused on, that the world will be more focused on is the Tier 1 common. I don't it's going to change business behavior at this point as I look at it.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, we did see a little modest impact there for a couple of days, Ken, but it was relatively short lived. I mean, risk premiums in the first -- and I think that volatility is another form of a risk premium, and it affects our sec lending as well. Risk premiums in the first quarter have gone all the way back to predate the crisis itself. The more impactful thing from the crisis events, both in the Middle East and in Asia, was we just saw a lot more securities converted to cash and stick on our balance sheet.
Thomas Gibbons: Most of it was in equity indexing. We had about $13 billion. But we had significant fixed income flows as well. We had about $6 billion in active and we had another $12 billion in LDI type of activity. So what you see is indexing LDI active fixed and a little bit in active equity is the way that the long term flows came in.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, right now I would say for the next year or two, as we plan our forecast and budgeting, we would expect to be reinvesting the savings because we do see some pretty good low-lying fruit out there that we'd like to grasp. I think beyond that, 2 to 3 years, then you'll really start seeing some of it fall to the bottom line. But as Betsy had asked and mentioned earlier, we always have the option to do a little less and let a little more fall to the bottom line.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I don't think that we have, nor do I have it at my fingertips, Rob [ph], that we've disclosed that. But the volumes continue to increase just about every quarter.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, what I'd add to that, this is part of the fallout, if you will, Gerard, from the Basel III and the liquidity management. I mean, we're a winner there because we have a lot of excess liquidity, which we've traditionally kept a fair amount of that in the interbank placement market. There are a number of counter-parties that need to extend the duration. They're on the other side of this equation. So we can do, for example, term repo where you get daily margining, very low risk. You get good margin. You control the margin on a daily basis. And since it's a term, so they're guaranteed to have the cash for an extended period. And what I mean by that is maybe a year or as far out as 2 years. That really hits our sweet spot for the excess liquidity that we've got, and it fulfills a need for our clients. So we're pretty excited about that program. We could probably see as much as $10-or-more billion of that. We're only about 20% of the way to funding that fully. And the other thing here is we actually think it's a favorable risk strategy to interbank placements. So we would like to decrease our exposure to interbank placements and find alternatives for this. So this is, I would say, a natural progression and one of the benefits, if you will, of the fallout from the liquidity management required under Basel III.
Robert Kelly: Betsy, this is Bob. One of the things -- one of the realities of consolidating premises in different geographies and sunsetting systems is some of those plans take 3 to 4 years to execute. So we have short-term plans and we have medium-term plans, and this isn't a short-term program. This is a long-term program. And to date, as Todd said, we've been reinvesting all our savings. And it's going to make -- over the medium term, it's going to make for a much stronger franchise and with better client service and a lower cost base. But it's going to take time.
Robert Kelly: And Betsy, we just don't know what the SIFI buffer is going to be at this point. Whereas 6 months ago, we were hearing it could be 25 to 100 basis points, we're also hearing other stories from Basel where it could be 3 buckets of 100 basis points to 200 basis points. We just don't know the rules yet, and I understand we're not going to hear the rules for some months to come yet.
Robert Kelly: And I would just add to that, Howard, that I had the impression in speaking to regulators that they're being very careful on liquidity ratios. They want to study it and understand it better, and they're feeling much more comfortable with the whole capital side. But of course, liquidity was just as important, in fact, more important than capital during the actual crisis, the financial crisis back in the fourth quarter of '08. So we have to get that one right. I am a little surprised just on the capital side when we only set the global Basel III capital ratio in November to be talking about very different buffers over and above 7%. And not surprisingly, that would be a pretty high number in Europe because their financial system in many of those countries is so much bigger than the size of their economies. It'll be interesting to see how this plays out in the coming 6 months. But my worry would be not so much for us, but just generally if everyone, all the regulators in the world, put together their list of all the things that they want to solve and ensure never happens again, there have to be impacts in terms of customer product pricing, availability of credit, returns on the products. And my worry would be that it would actually decrease availability of credit and perhaps even worse, increase the pricing of it. There would have to be impacts from this if it ends up being excessive. And so the key to it is to say what is an appropriate buffer, and let's go with it.
Robert Kelly: I guess -- it's a good question, Ken. I guess I would say, pretty simplistically, I think '09 was an incredibly unusual year in that a number of our peers decided to -- who are in our business lines decided to exit businesses in '10 that we were interested in. So I view '10 as being a very unusual year in that over the course of 18 months, i.e., the second half of '09 and through '10, we had 4 transactions. That was largely driven by people wanting to exit the businesses because it was either non-core or they wanted to raise capital. I'm not seeing that now in the U.S. And frankly, last year, we didn't have the opportunity to buy back stock or to raise the dividend either. So I just think it's a natural transition of both things that there's less availability, plus we did things that we have to integrate and we have a very effective way of returning capital to shareholders and ensuring a good return for our shareholders over time. So that's what we're focused on. So for both reasons, I see acquisitions being a pretty low priority. The only thing I would probably put a caveat to that is that we continue to invest in our Wealth Management business, and Larry's getting very good returns on the business and seeing nice growth in revenues and AUM. And there's still a number of things that we want to build out. And we're encouraging Larry to do that. But anything like that would be pretty small prices quite frankly, $10 million here and there or maybe a small multiple of that. So nothing really material.
Robert Kelly: You guys are definitely going to like what we're doing. It's just that it's not visible yet because we keep investing. And we have to think short term, and we have to think long term.
Robert Kelly: That is -- wealth is definitely one. We're always looking at Asset Management as well, not in terms of new acquisitions per se, but making sure we have the right mix of products. Our performance is very good. Clearing, we're definitely -- and Pershing, we're definitely investing in that because we're seeing more and more clients that want to outsource middle and back office activity and make it so that they can focus on their clients rather than focusing on things where they don't really add value. And we are by far the biggest player in that. And we continue to invest in overseas markets, in non-U.S. markets. And you think back, if our firms had been together 10 years ago, we would have had only 19% of our earnings coming from outside of the U.S. At the time of the merger, it was 32%. Now we're at 37%. It's not at all impossible to imagine us having over half of our revenue coming outside of the U.S. by the end of this decade. And a key on that is being very, very focused on which countries and which products we want to grow in. And we spend a lot of time thinking about that because geography is just as important as the products.
Robert Kelly: Rob [ph], the other reality is that we should bear in mind, if you think about our various regions around the world, U.S. is probably one of our lowest growth markets now. And the other major geographies we continue to invest in just because we see longer term much better opportunities in other geographies and we have -- let's face it, our main competitors are U.S.-based and that is U.S.-based. And those markets are already largely dominated here.
Robert Kelly: And I would just add to that, Gerard, is that it's also a sweet spot for us because no one understands this business better than us in the world because we dominate it here in the U.S. So at this point, I'd like to thank everyone and wish you all the best, and have a good day. Thank you. Goodbye.
