Thomas Gibbons: Sure Alex. Good morning, good to hear from you. I think probably the most impactful one is around Pershing. And we did call out the details around Pershing. So as we've been investing in the advisory space and we are seeing some good growth and some good wins there, yet we saw on a year-over-year basis a decline in fees. But there's about $73 million of fee waivers that are reflected there, so if you adjust for that, that was actually a pretty healthy growth. So we continue to see that as a potential upside. And it'll be good to get these fee waivers behind us because the masking of what's lying underneath it will go away. I think secondly, in Asset Servicing we're seeing the same effect, where we're starting to see a little bit of fee waivers, obviously we're seeing a lot of net interest income impact and there's a little bit of other noise and we had divested of an asset that was driving that fee line a year ago. We took a big gain in the fourth quarter but there was some income related to that that we would have enjoyed in the third quarter that's no longer there. But when we look at what we see going on there, we do see some traction around our data and analytics space. And also one of the important things there and one of our key strategies is quality of service. And the quality of our service and the feedback that we're getting from clients continues to improve. It helps not only the retention of business, but new business especially with existing clients and we're starting to see that come through the line instead of that is masked. On the clearing a collateral management space we’re making significant investments in what we're calling the future of collateral, which will make that business much more interoperable and beneficial to our clients. We see some growth opportunities. This particular quarter was pretty soft for that, I mean, again we had divested of an asset that was reflected in that line. We also -- and this is kind of surprising just the clearing volumes in the treasury market despite the massive increases in issuance by the U.S. government, they were down. It was kind of quiet quarter when it came to the clearing part of management business and the clearing business in particular. We saw a very modest increase in global collateral, but domestic collateral management was down a little bit as we saw some deleveraging. So there are a number of things masking that. I think we'll be able to pick up market share in the future, and I think will also be able to pick up the movement from bilateral to tri-party, because of the efficiencies that they're going to get on our platform. So, I think those are a couple of the key points.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. I don't think I want to put down on our guidance at this point, but when we look to this year there's a modest amount 1% or 2% underlying kind of organic fee growth, a lot of it masked by all those things I just described.
Thomas Gibbons: Well, first of all, I would like to get started as obviously as soon as we can. The guidance that Emily gave is as a target and right now our constraint is the Tier 1 leverage ratio as we go through the stress test, that’s historically what it’s been. And we gave guidance that we think we should target somewhere between the 5.5% and 6%, and we're currently at 6.5% and growing. That being said, the reason we give guidance in that range is right now as you know our balance sheet is a bit loaded, because of all of the liquidity that the Fed has put in place. So in this kind of environment where we've already felt the sharp increase in deposits that come with the market environment, we wouldn't expect another course of that, so we'd probably be willing to move toward the middle or lower end of that target. So that being said, we’ll have to look at market conditions at the time when the Fed lifts the restrictions, what the economy is doing, what we think is going to be going on with the balance sheet and we'd absolutely be willing to start moving aggressively.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. Okay, Glenn, thanks for the question. We're constantly looking at what opportunities lie out there for us. And when I say, Glenn, as we take a very careful look at it and I think a very disciplined approach to how we would look at something inorganic. We're certainly not opposed to it. From time to time, we see certain types of actions and lift out that might make some sense to us. But frankly, we compare them to a capital return and they should be able to beat the long-term EPS growth that we'd otherwise kept buying back our shares. So we hold ourselves very strictly to that to that discipline. There may be and we did things through the financial crisis. There may be opportunities here to do something. We've got a team that's constantly evaluating whether it's in the Fintech space, whether it’s extending a market, whether it's doing something and adjacency to what we’re currently looking at. So, we’re absolutely willing to consider things, but they have to make sense for the long-term growth of the company.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure. So in our issuer services, we've actually got two businesses in that segment. We've got the corporate trust business which we're referring to, but we also have the DR, the Depositary Receipt business. The DR business, as you might expect was quite a bit softer, a lot of that is international, it related to international equities, obviously. And the volume and dividends and the action there was down. So we generated a lot of revenue off of the corporate actions in the third quarters, typically a pretty good quarter. It was still up sequentially, but it was down substantially year-over-year. So that kind of masks the underlying performance of corporate trust. We think corporate trust continues to -- we've picked up a little bit of market share in some of the core businesses. Frankly, we'd lost our Mojo a couple of years ago, and I think we've gotten it back and we're seeing some growth there. And the opportunities and the issuance that has taken place has been significant. It's not the highest yielding type of issuance, but as we start to see some more of the structured product and the credit product come back, we think we're well-positioned to capture that growth. There's a little -- this is another one of the businesses that is impacted by fee waivers. So a little bit of that will be masked by fee waivers over the next quarter or two. And that's why, in my opening remarks, I said looking forward to getting that reset done having the fee waivers fully priced into the run-rate, as well as the lower interest rates and our net interest income. And we expect to see that probably sometime early next year.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, Mike. If I could add to that, one of the things that we did in the quarter is I named Bridget Engle, Head of Tech and Ops, she was previously Head of Technology. And by bringing tech and ops together and ops covers most of the operations of the company, I think the opportunity to automate to work more closely together to really target where we're going to invest in our automation processes. There's still lots of fruit on that -- low lying fruit of that tree, because we still do it, unfortunately, I have a lot of manual processes things that we can do more efficiently. So by putting tech and ops together and Bridget Engle working with our Head of Operations and that much more closely, I think we'll be able to identify and execute more quickly on some of these efficiencies. And we've been moving pretty well. It's basically funded the increase in our -- the significant increase in our technology expenses over the last few years. We do think those increases are going to abate they're not going to be at the same rates, that’s probably been 10% compounded annual growth rate for a number of years here. And so, that puts us in a position to keep riding through it.
Thomas Gibbons: But the pipeline is very strong. Yes, the pipeline is strong and when we look at the pipeline, a very high percentage of amount I think over 20% of it is looking at our data and analytics offerings. So we’re really starting to see that pick up. And when you -- if you look at, I mean, I think the best way to evaluate the business is from the operating margins. And the operating margins aren't under pressure because of the pricing. They’re under pressure because of the cyclical nature of interest rates in that business.
Thomas Gibbons: So basically we're saying Mike, that something slightly under the fourth quarter run rate, but that's making the assumption that the forward yield curve is reflected in what actually happens.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, sometimes it feels that way. There's a little bit of noise Mike in that line. And when we look at the Asset Servicing fees in the corporate line rather than in the segment, that reflects the clearing and collateral management business as well. And the clearing and collateral management business in the third quarter didn't have a very good quarter. I think there was a divestiture that took place and lost a significant amount of revenue there, but the activity was actually pretty depressed in the quarter. We were just kind of surprised because even though the U.S. government is issuing a significant amount of additional treasuries, the actual trading around that was a little bit less than we would have anticipated, then there were some other impacts there. The other thing in that line is securities lending. And securities lending again, volumes were up, that's another interest rates and market related issue. The reinvestment rates are significantly down so the spreads are down. And we didn't see many things in the way of specials so there is a little bit of deleveraging. So if you adjust for that, we don't see anything substantially different in the pricing or the underlying operating margins, except for some of the cyclical effects that I just pointed out. That being said, it puts us in a position, should we price to assume that those cyclical pressures are going to remain forever or should we price, maintaining the optionality that we're going to have on the upside. And competition will help us drive that, but we're going to do what we think will be in the long-term interest with those clients.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. No, I think it's a meaningful contributor to overall performance of the company. I think we are continuing to get more efficient. But we've also have some other investments that we think we can expand the revenue stream as we provide more capabilities around data management for example. We're starting to see a little bit of traction there some of the applications I described. I described one in my earlier remarks where we got an ESG app that I think is really starting to gain some traction. We've got 12 clients now operating on it, we've got maybe 100 demos that we've given very good take up on that. We have another app on distribution analytics, which I think can really help our clients increase their distribution. And that's how you really build out relationships. So there's things that we're trying to generate more revenues, as we take on more of the operational burden from our clients. But at the same time, the throughput is going up without significant increases in costs. So yes, we are driving down our per unit cost meaningfully.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. And I would add to that, Brennan that, interestingly in the big draw downs that we have on the corporate committed facilities, 70% of those have been paid back. So we have seen that part of the loan portfolio go down. So I think that’s kind of the noise associated with that that’s been stabilize. But we would like to continue to grow and we’ll do it prudently. The margin lending business, it’s a very low risk, it’s a decent return. We’d like to see some more '40 Act lending which is something that looks like akin to that as well as the supply chain and mortgages and wealth that we talked about.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. So, I think that the general feeling and ours as well as the rates are lower for longer. By the way, the last cycle they were low for fairly substantial period of time. That being said, we see the light at the end of the tunnel for the fully baked-in impact of interest rates today, and it's from there that we’ll grow. So we will take into consideration what the market implies in interest rates, as we price activity going forward and that’s reflected in all of our pricing assumptions. And we have also got a whole series of initiatives that we think will give us deeper relationships and add revenue streams as we look there. Also we do see the potential for some margin expansion, we see the potential for some revenue growth, we see the benefits of our operator efficiencies. It really just points back to our key priorities, there is a handful of organic growth initiatives that we have got in place, that’s not all going to pay off, but of some of them will. And the activity levels are still high. What we do is important and it’s growing. I mean if you look at the Pershing marketplace, the advisory business is growing rapidly, and we think we can capture more of that. There has been a consolidation amongst custodians. That’s an interesting opportunity for us. So, it's not always us. We understand we’ve got an interest headwind. We want to get it behind us and move off a bit and grow the company from there.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. No, your number was correct. And yes, we are investing more significantly in the business. We're investing more in both sales, marketing, as well as the platform that supports the advisory business. And we've got plans to do more and to continue capturing market share. We're doing -- the pipeline is strong. There's another space that I really didn't even mention, and that is institutional clearing is something that we're uniquely positioned to do. And we're seeing more and more as even their broker dealers look to outsource trying to reduce some of the capital requirements and balance sheet requirements as well as just gaining efficiencies. And the connectivity that Pershing has to our own clearing and collateral tri-party business is a unique offering. So we see opportunities there as well.
Thomas Gibbons: It's going to be difficult in the short-term, that's why I want to get them behind us. As I just indicated, Brian, on a year-over-year basis, that fee waiver was $74 million in the quarter -- $73 million in the quarter for Pershing. Once we get absolutely, once we get that set, then we're working back to recover it.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. Hey, Ken. So I'd say the answer to that is yes. And I'd also say the third quarter was -- I mean typically, it's a little bit of a seasonal quarter to slow down and so vacations. We actually saw that this quarter. And versus a year ago, where we had a blip in the repo markets and some unusual things and some unusual revenues related to that. We didn't see -- this looked more like the seasonality that we would typically see in the quarter. So it feels at least for the time being that there is a level of normalcy around volumes and activity.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. One of the benefits of the new regime, once it gets fully implemented, the stress capital buffer, it's no longer a program where we submit a plan with ex amount of buybacks by period, and if we vary from that plan, we have to make an adjustment or resubmission. It is we have to maintain our stress capital buffer. So we're not restricted by timing and the implications of that. So we think it's a very logical approach, and we look forward to operating within it, because I think it gives us more of the agility that you're pointing to there, Ken. Now, in terms of level consequences or what -- I mean, that's really outside of our control. The Fed is meant to be a political institution. And I think they will go through the stress test. They'll make their assessments. And they will determine what actions they are going to permit.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I'd add to that, Steven. When you look at your capital ratios, you have to look at them kind of BAU and current operating conditions. So yes, we've got a massive excess relative to that. And if you and to your point, is it more stable? We've already gotten a significant uptick due to the activities coming out of the Fed. And fiscal is probably not going to have anything like that to the underlying deposit base, so we're really positioned to handle growth. But we also have to run it through the stress test. So it's not just normal business conditions, but through stress that that Tier 1 leverage ratio could be a constraint. And that's what we're pointing out. So the buffer reflects both what could be an increase in the deposits for any particular sharp outturn, as well as what we need just to meet to run a traditional stress test.
Thomas Gibbons: Okay. I'll make a couple of comments. When you look at that fee growth, it's also absorbing. And we pointed to $150 million fee waivers per quarter. So that's an enormous number. So underneath that, there has to be some growth in order to sustain where we are. And we think we're going to be able to continue that. Obviously, based on conditions and what actually happens to revenues, we will take harder and harder look at expenses. We've been able to make the investments in technology, resiliency, automation, cyber, everything that we've done to make ourselves a stronger company. I got to admit it, it actually is more and more important having gone through this last crisis, these clients see the benefit of resiliency of our global operating model and was able to meet huge increases in volumes. And so, if anything, I think we'll probably see more as a result of that. So we've been able to do all of that and manage the expenses, and we'll drop more of the bottom line based on what happens to the revenue picture.
Thomas Gibbons: Sure, Brian. It's been kind of interesting as you start to see a little more action. I think as you think about that business there are kind of really three drivers of success. And that's probably now and that's probably what's moving some of the action. And I think it comes down to scale, integrated distribution, if you have it, and obviously performance. And so if you look at we are a $2 trillion of AUM so we have meaningful scale. Our performance has actually been pretty darn good. One of the things I cited in my opening remarks is that our service, our 30 largest funds, where there are indices for them to follow and they make up about 60% of our revenues are performing in the top one or first or second quartile. So that's been -- they've been there over the last three years. So I think we're well-positioned and it's reflective. We've got some pretty interesting assets underneath, the liability driven investment and it's been growing. And it's a business that we think we can -- it's primarily in the UK and Europe. It's something I think we can import into the U.S. We've got one of the world's largest credit managers. We just put a new CEO in place there. This is primarily a European credit manager. And I think there's a significant opportunity for it to grow, probably underperformed in the past couple of years. It's done fine, but I think it missed opportunities to grow faster. And if you think about our distribution, we're pretty interesting too, because we have a wealth manager, it's open architected but it delivers some of our manufacturing capabilities. And Pershing is also a very powerful platform, again open architected. But it's a platform where there's real estate for some of our product and probably more potential there. So we've got a number of components. So, we're watching very carefully what's going on in the industry and that's something made sense on our platform, but we have to give it hard consideration.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, so as we think about it, it's going to impact real estate. It's going to impact things like disaster recovery sites, because we've created a new amazing disaster recovery capability here. It will certainly impact longer-term, what we think business development, travel, entertainment, those types of costs. So there's a number of areas throughout the organization. We're starting to do a pretty deep analysis on who needs to be in the office all the time, who doesn't need to be in the office any other time and who should be in the office some of the time. And my view is there continues to be a compelling argument for aggregating at least innovation, at least a building really the performance culture that you want to inculcate into the company difficult not to do it without some in present meetings. I do think travel and seeing clients is still critical. I think it'll change a little bit. And use of some of the technology now will be much more frequent. We've all gotten pretty, pretty astute at it as well even me. And so I think that'll all change. So we're kind of laying out where we could go and what the implication to our real estate is. But that's going to -- before that to factor into the P&L will take some time. And ultimately, as much as we might think it should go one way or the other, the market is also going to dictate a bit too, because we have a lot of technologists and if the market starts to lean to more work from home we'll adjust to that.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes, I think the balance sheet probably will grow traditionally with the growth in the underlying businesses, which if you think about the AUC and there's a relationship to that, if you think about what's going on with Pershing payables, there's a relationship to that. The treasury services business for example Gerard, we went on a campaign. We said we probably were too shy in taking on deposits and there was an opportunity or a great counterparty and our clients wanted us to grow deposits. So I feel, some of that was core growth underneath it. It's hard for me to really estimate exactly what is excess versus what would have been the traditional growth over that period and what would have grown based on our own internal efforts. But I would expect that there certainly is some excess in it. And I would expect if there is a change in interest rates and we don't see that in the near-term, that would contract it a bit, obviously, it made a lot more profitable but contracted a bit.
Thomas Gibbons: Yes. First of all, existing customers are great customers, because they don't have the implementation costs and everything else about it is less. So if the client opens up a new fund, and they've got multiple custodians, and we're the ones winning the new funds, that's organic growth and it's very important to our organic growth. And it demonstrate the quality of our services and the capabilities that we've got. And that's where we're seeing meaningful improvements. So we would include that as well as new, new customers. They're only -- in the asset management space there are only so many new, new customers to be had.
Thomas Gibbons: And the other thing that I would add is that, when we look at our technology, there's still a lot of legacy technology debt. And one of the commitments -- when you look at where we're actually being forced to invest it's in a lot of older systems. And we could run those systems much more efficiently. Of course, they're effective, they run, they're industrial like a lot of banks, and just about all banks have this the same issues. As we cloud enable and make our underlying applications more and more efficient, there will be opportunity, there will be long-term opportunity to get rid of a lot of that legacy technology debt. So we don't see this as a one or two year effort. I think it is just -- and as just making the commitment to constantly reinvest to actually get it done, because it does take investment to make that transition. So, we're trying to incorporate that into our investment activities, so that we get to renew that stack. So it's a combination of both what's going on in the operations, how efficiently we can be operating our corporate functions, as well as how efficiently we can operate our technology.
Thomas Gibbons: Thanks, everybody for your call. Please reach out to Magda and our Investor Relations team if you have any follow-up questions. Have a good day.
Emily Portney: Sure, good to hear from you, Betsy. Ultimately, as we've been talking about for some time, we have been looking to redeploy the excess cash that we have. And of course, as deposits do begin to season, we have an ability to do that. We have been increasing the amount of high quality non-HQLA in the portfolio marginally quarter-on-quarter and actually year-over-year. That's up about $10 billion. So it's a mixture of growing the portfolio, investing in growing the non-HQLA around the edges, extending duration. And the only other thing I would say is, it's not just about the securities portfolio, but it's also about the loan portfolio. So we are redeploying some of our deposits into our loan portfolio, which of course also helps with client service and in client relationships.
Emily Portney: I'll take that. So, yes, we do have many efficiency initiatives that are actually ongoing. And ultimately, whether it is -- and I think we've talked in previous forums, whether it's investments that we've made in terms of automating client increase, hands free NAV, and various other initiatives, those are all things that are coming. What we do expect they already are coming through our cost line the benefit and they will continue to come through the cost line. The other thing I would just say is that in this year, we probably -- not probably, we reached our peak of investments in resiliency that doesn't mean we're going to stop investing. We will continue to invest in resiliency, but we reached the peak investment. So that will abate a bit and give us some room. And likewise, we have ultimately various different initiatives across the business from a structural perspective, as we're looking at the potential permanent impact of COVID on real estate footprint, as well as sales and marketing expenses and other digitization efforts that are accelerating with our clients.
Emily Portney: Sure Mike, I'll take that. We'd obviously -- Asset Servicing is a pretty mature business so repricing is just a continual headwind, although it's pretty modest. And we have not seen a change in the amount really from a percentage basis, an impact on revenues for several years. So it's not any worse than it has been. As you do rightly pointed out though, it is lumpy and as bigger contracts do come up for renewal that can be lumpy.
Emily Portney: Sure. Mike good to hear from you. So look I'm not going to try to call the market or the timing on the truck in rates, but as we did just guide in our prepared remarks, we think that the fourth quarter NII will probably be anywhere from 3% to 5% down from this quarter. And ultimately, we do think it's probably a pretty good estimate to use slightly lower than what the fourth quarters meant to be or what we expected to be to project out the rest of next year.
Emily Portney: Sure. I'll try to take both of those. In terms of MBS pre payments, just for what it's worth. They accelerated about 5% more than we originally expected and that is part of the headwind on NII at least in the third quarter. In terms of and as we think about as we go through next year, we do expect it to slow modestly. So that's in our projection. And then I guess, in terms of your question with regard to lending. We actually -- I think our lending portfolio is relatively flat at $55 billion, you'll see probably growth in that as we get into next year again, more on marginally. We don't need with lending. It's certainly something that we do to strengthen relationships that we have with our clients. And the places where we really see a lot of or some opportunities in the '40 Act lending space, well, basically mortgages in wealth and also supply trade finance in Treasury Services.
Emily Portney: So we've actually seen very nice uptick in terms of our take up, I should say, in terms of our partnerships with the various doing methods. And by the way, just as a reminder, it's not just Aladdin, but we have a partnership with Bloomberg, SimCorp, CRD, as well as SS&C. So we're really about open architecture. And we think that our integration is more robust. We truly have integrated use single sign on and the data feeds, also across for asset classes. And ultimately, it's not only beneficial to us, but it's also beneficial to those service providers. And the last thing I would just mention about open architecture, it's not just about the front end, it's actually about throughout the entire lifecycle, the investment lifecycle. So we've got also agreements and partnerships with Fintechs, ESOPs, Milestone, Kingfield and others.
Emily Portney: Sure, I can take that and Todd you can add if you want. In terms of -- and just worth mentioning from a deposit perspective, our deposits are trending about 3% up from where they were in the second quarter. So that just --
Emily Portney: I'm sorry in the third quarter. Todd, apologies, in the third quarter. They're currently around 3% up. And ultimately, when it comes to just thinking about the Tier 1 leverage, you are correct, it is our binding constraint. Having said that, we have done very well on all of our stress tests, which have taken into account very severe market shocks. And we do feel that the buffer that we've talked about is certainly sufficient. And you are correct, that we're running above that. And as a result, have excess, certainly excess capital to the extent there is an additional surge in deposits.
Emily Portney: Sure. Ultimately, many of our investments are all about improving the customer experience and making it much more seamless. That's part and parcel of the open architecture that we've been talking about. And it's all about data integration. And that's going to take a while, that's a journey. But every client looks and feels slightly different. So, we are kind of solving for many different outcomes. But ultimately, that's part of the open architecture strategy and that we want to offer best in breed and as much flexibility and optionality to our clients as we can.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Well, I guess there's some factors you have difficulty controlling, some factors that you can’t control. You mentioned once interest rates settle down, we'll see some more of the benefits. You guided for lower NII ahead, though. So the first question is, when do you think that you'll see the full negative impact of interest rates in the run rate so that we can see the underlying progress come through? And then I'll ask a second question.
Mike Mayo: Okay. There's always so much you can do about that I guess. But the other question, assets under custody are up 8% year-over-year and your Investment Servicing revenues are down 4% year-over-year. And this is not a new issue for you or any of these trust banks. But how can you grow the Investment Servicing business while also growing Investment Servicing revenues? You mentioned Todd you gained share in the trust business but there seems to be a disconnect between AUC growth and the revenues related to that. Is that just competition and couldn’t change your fee model or how you charge your customers? It seems like your customers are getting the better end of the arrangement.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And I guess that leads to why you're putting so much effort on the efficiency. I mean, we don't have the earnings from Investment Servicing, you don't break it out to that detail. But we still get even after adjusting for securities lending and these other factors, there's still, AUC is growing faster than the revenues from it. And so that's why you're trying to improve efficiency. Anything about the earnings related to that business? Is it keeping pace, because again, we don't have it at that level? And that's a core function of what you guys do.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Todd, you mentioned earlier that a couple of the businesses were just kind of quiet this quarter. I wanted to ask you just a bigger question, when you think across the businesses the activity driven businesses versus the really strong first quarter things have kind of settled down? Do you get a sense that we kind of are now at normal levels of activity when you think across the more transactional parts of the company? Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And a follow-up on the buyback, Todd. A loud and clear that you're ready to go. Would there be anything -- if the Fed were to lift the buyback restriction after 4Q is it just onto your own decisioning from theirs? Or is there anything either politically or regulatory that could get in the way of you guys just ready to claw back into the buyback? And related, how would you start to think about if you were able to get back in? Do you go right back to buying back 100% total capital return? Or do you have to kind of leg in? Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And just one final cleanup, just on that. Any change in your outlook for the tax rate, or can you just help us understand what that outlook is? Thanks.
