Gerald L. Hassell: Thanks, Andy. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As you saw from the release, for the fourth quarter, we've reported earnings of $0.44 per share. Now this includes an after-tax loss of $115 million or $0.10 per share related to the write-down of an equity investment. After netting out this loss, we had adjusted earnings of $0.54 per share. We had a strong year-over-year growth in core Investment Management and Investment Services fees. The growth reflects improved market conditions and importantly, our success in providing solution sets across our businesses that our clients are seeking. As we have said in the past, we are making strategic investments in several areas to expand our capabilities and we're seeing early evidence of returns on those investments. For the quarter, we had total revenues of $3.8 billion, which is up 4% over the fourth quarter of 2012. The Investment Management business performance remains terrific. Our success in attracting new assets help drive a 14% increase in assets under management year-over-year to a record $1.58 trillion. In 2013, net long-term flows were $95 billion as we continue to have particular strength in the liability driven investments category. Now this organic growth, along with higher equity values and performance fees, helped mitigate the pressure from higher money market fee waivers year-over-year. Similar to Investment Management, we had strong year-over-year growth in Investment Services. We saw growth in Asset Servicing, Issuer Services and Clearing fees driven by higher volumes, improved equity values and net new business. Clearing Services in particular continues to show strong growth as our technology platform serving investment advisers is more broadly adopted. But some of our investments also contributed to this growth. Our Global Collateral Services business continue to collect -- gather collateral management assets. We enjoyed better foreign exchange results year-over-year as our investments in the electronic channel had made us more competitive and we are attracting greater volumes. Now in terms of our expenses, seasonality played a large part of the sequential growth. Our expenses have been impacted by our strategic investments for future growth, as well as increasing regulatory and compliance requirements. Notably, our operational excellence initiatives' savings help mitigate some of this expense pressure. And you will see that we achieved our operational excellence targets of over $650 million, a full 1 year ahead of schedule. And, importantly, we're not done. We're now transitioning to a broader continuous improvement process designed to improve efficiencies. This process is not a program or an initiative or a one-time project. It will be an ongoing area of emphasis that is becoming part of the fabric of our culture. Now we already have line of sight into several hundred millions of dollars of financial benefit over the next few years. Turning to the capital front. Our business model generates a significant level of capital and allows us to perform well in stress scenarios, giving us increased financial flexibility. In 2013, we have returned approximately $1.7 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends or share repurchases. Now in terms of share repurchases, during the first quarter, we are in a position to potentially increase the total share buyback relative to the fourth quarter. And Todd will cover that in more detail in a minute. So for the quarter, continued growth in core Investment Services and Investment Management fees, successful completion of our operational excellence initiatives, and continued strong capital position. Now looking ahead to 2014. We expect to see more of the benefits in some of the investments we've been making. In Global Markets, we're continuing to roll out new electronics foreign exchange and capital markets trading capabilities that position us to capture additional activity. The growth of our Global Collateral Services business should benefit as the markets deal with new collateral regulations. In Investment Management, we're in the midst of greatly expanding our wealth management sales force. Additionally, we are making significant progress reaching individual investors by expanding our retail distribution capabilities and product offerings. We've also made progress in expanding our Investment Management and Investment Services capabilities in the Asia-Pacific region with our separately-managed accounts platform scheduled to go live shortly. We've successfully piloted an intermediate -- Intermediary Private Banking program between wealth management and Pershing and will look to build on that momentum. And we continue to reposition to benefit even more as fund managers look to leverage our technology and advisors and brokers move away from self-clearing. We like how we're positioned and we're upbeat about our prospects for 2014. With that, let me turn it over to Todd.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, first, Kenneth, I don't want to get in the forward guidance business. But I think in this environment, we are challenged. But we're challenging the team to produce positive operating leverage. I think we said in a 4% to 5% zone or north of that and we should be able to produce it. We are obviously bearing the cost of regulatory compliance and investments in our businesses, so we're partially reinvesting some of those gains from operational excellence right back into the business and covering those other costs. But I sure would like to produce positive operating leverage. It's our goal. I know it's top of the mind on our investors and by you all. And that is part of our goal.
Gerald L. Hassell: Ken, the other point I would like to make is one of the reasons why we view this continuous improvement process is something that's got to be part of the core fabric of the company. And we do see, as I said in my opening comments, a line of sight for continuing to get expenses and efficiencies and higher levels of productivity out of our core operations. There's no question in my mind that there's hundreds of millions of dollars there, and we have an ability and certainly an attitude to get at it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure, Alex. I think, as we said in the past, we're still, I think frankly in the early stages of the impact on the marketplace. The dealer side has been impacted early on. Now the -- the long investors of risk accounts, other market participants, the buy-side is now having to deal with this particular issue. We've cited insurance companies as a good example in the past where, historically, they have not had to post collateral and now they have to start doing so. So I think we're still in the early innings of the impact in the market broadly. Though most of the revenues that we've seen as we've been -- seeing some success here in collateral services has been around the segregation or the optimization of the collateral as opposed to moving into the next phase of transforming it and making it more available and more easily movable around the world. And so, I still think we have many innings to go in terms of the opportunity here. And so, we're -- as I said in my opening comments, we're seeing increased revenues. It's showing up in our asset servicing fee line, that's where it shows up. And we're quite positive about the prospects here.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure, I'll take a stab at it and then, Todd, maybe you want to weigh in. In many ways, it's fairly basic and it's -- and we said in the past, we've had -- we have multiple operating platforms. We're going to the conversions of that now and being able to shut down different things. It makes it a much more efficient operating environment when you have fewer platforms and fewer engines to work across, so improvement going from a more manual process or to a more automated process, really applying some metrics and engineering around our capabilities. We have multiple centers around the world, that do things like reconciliations and tax claims and corporate actions and stuff like that, there's ways to consolidate those. Just a whole variety of different things. Brian Shea is really leading the charge with Suresh Kumar, our Chief Technology Information Officer. Brian, maybe you want to weigh in here.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. I think in general that we have a low risk-weighted asset model. We have good capital cushions. We're getting a better line of sight on some of these new rules and regulations as they're unfolding. And as we've said earlier, we think we have some pretty good financial flexibility as we go into 2014. And we'll see the results of the CCAR exam at the end of March and stay tuned.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, usually when there's more M&A activity, it increases volumes and volatility in the marketplace. And volumes and volatility help our business model. And anytime there's more action going on in the markets, people are willing to take a little more risk, take a little more positioning. We see that flow through our business model through transactions. And it also improves some values. Areas like Depositary Receipts, anytime there's corporate actions, boy, it shows up there real fast.
Gerald L. Hassell: And I also would add, that's why strategically and longer term, we feel like we need to make the investments to have greater exposure to the retail investor and retail products, and also in the alternative space, those are 2 key areas of focus that are going to require a level of investment. But I think those are the areas for growth and are also the areas for margin improvement.
Gerald L. Hassell: Sure. We obviously like the Investment Management business. We think there are some benefits and synergies across our Investment Services areas. We see clear evidence of it in terms of the clients we serve. When they trust us to manage the money, we have opportunities to servicing and vice versa. Having the intellectual capital internally around our Investment Management boutiques to help us be a better service provider absolutely helps. You heard Brian Shea talk about some of the initiatives that we're doing across Pershing and Investment Management, utilizing that platform more robustly. We just see a number of different opportunities connecting to our wealth business, Investment Management, the whole strategy in Asia-Pacific, it's building the technology platform to put our products on top of it and have attracted advisers and wealth managers globally. We use that platform and put our products front and center on it. We just see lots and lots of different opportunities to continue to grow both businesses together.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. So Mike, retail banking and exposure to the retail investor are 2 different things in my mind. When I say exposure to the retail investor, when you think about pension funds, things like that are not growing, that's not where the assets are being accumulated. They're being accumulated at the individual investor as they plan for retirement on a global scale. And so, we manage a lot of money in the institutional space. We manage some money in the retail space. And we'd like to be able to have a better balance there. Dreyfus is our principal retail mutual fund brand. But it's not just Dreyfus, it's having our boutiques and their investment strategies on various platforms around the world. So I don't think you're going to see us get into the retail banking space, but to utilize things like the Pershing platform to make our products available on different platforms around the world where our investment boutiques and investment strategies are quite strong.
Gerald L. Hassell: As the investments company in the world, we go to where the investment assets are. And the investment assets are with wealthy individuals. They're being managed through advisers, they're being managed through different retail strategies, and that's what we want to continue to build upon, Mike.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. As I said in my opening comments, we are seeing the benefits of our electronic platforms being adopted. We are -- we definitely feel we're capturing more volume than we were in the past. We're clearly moving more to more negotiated type trades or commercial type trades on the platform itself. It's very fast, it's very efficient, it's very transparent. And so we feel pretty good about the positioning of it. We're streaming prices to our traders and we're getting in the position to stream prices to our clients on desktops so they can automatically tap into us if they like the price and we'll be able to execute it. So we feel good that the investments we're making are gaining traction.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes. And I think the way to think about it is, certainly, in a traditional custody business, it's highly commoditized. And we want to be very aggressive around making sure we have a highly efficient operations around commoditized products. And so that's one issue. We can't wait for rising interest rates to improve our operating margins, and that's what this program is about, this process. And we were just taking control of what we can do and making it much more efficient using technology, using productivity to drive the cost down in commoditized areas and, on the investment side, introducing applications on those platforms that our clients want and are willing to pay for. So that's a good way to think about it.
Gerald L. Hassell: Yes, in some way, it's a dedicated focus, but it's also an outcome. The more human labor content you take out of the process, the more straight through, the more electronic it is, the more you use technology, the less chance for error. And the less chance for error means less risk. And so, we're really trying to constantly drive down the operational risks associated with many things that we do. And using technology and using the capabilities that we have, we think we can improve efficiencies and reduce the operational risk. The infamous [ph] straight-through processing, the higher levels of straight-through processing, the less risk associated with the business.
Gerald L. Hassell: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for dialing in and your interest. And Wendy and everyone else who's still on the line, if you have further questions, please follow up with Andy Clark and our IR team. So again, thanks very much, everyone.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Betsy. It's Todd. I think the good news on the final Basel rule is that they are going to treat unfunded commitments a little more reasonably. So the impact of that is probably a reduction of about 50% on the balance sheet. There still is an open issue, not so much with Basel on the treatment of central bank cash, but ultimately how the U.S. is going to treat that. And I think it's too early to call so there's plenty of room within the U.S. interpretation to do something. And we hear things both positively and negatively along that but I just say, at this point, we really don't know.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We have anywhere from around $45 billion, $40 billion to $45 billion on unfunded commitments. And it moves it from about 100% to about 50% is our rough estimate, we really haven't -- this news just came out so we really haven't gotten completely underneath that yet.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Ken, I'd add to that. I think that what we had indicated a couple of years ago at our investors conference is we felt our revenue growth rate should be in the 3% to 5% range. It's been approximately there at about 4% this year. At the lower end of that it's pretty difficult to generate a lot of positive operating leverage as we get to the higher end of it, we do start to generate it. This year we made, and this year being 2013, we made a conscious decision, and I think Curtis just pointed out a couple of the types of investments that we're making. We made a conscious decision to put 1% or 2%, if you will, of our expenses growth into reinvesting in opportunities for the future. So I think that otherwise you would have seen a meaningful operating, the core business did generate a meaningful operating leverage.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure. I mean, some of it is episodic. So we have seen a sharp rise in our defense -- litigation defenses. That's likely to run for some time but for -- certainly not permanently, we have seen a pickup around certain compliance and regulatory issues, some of that is episodic. But the run rate is certainly higher. I'd say the growth rate of that has probably curtailed a bit. And then we saw marketing costs which tend to be somewhat seasonal as we picked up our advertising campaign and we have a number of conferences and corporate events that typically take place in the fourth quarter. So that is seasonal. And I think we did make a push with our brand campaign in 2013 that would abate a little bit.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Sure, Glenn. It's getting complicated because there's a lot going on right now. But if you look at, we give a fairly detailed disclosure around the changes to our risk-weighted assets, both in the standardized and in the advanced approach. And when we reflect that, that's on a fully phased-in basis. Actually now there are phased-ins that start to take place this year, so our actual reported the numbers this year, as we move into Basel III, are going to be quite higher than the fully phased-in numbers. All of that being said, if you look through the numbers, there's a couple of drivers there, OCI had a modest impact to us because we did see a little bit of downturn in the securities portfolio. We got a little bit of a pickup in the pension portfolios, it's gone up in value. And then the meaningful driver is the RWA calculation in the standardized approach. Now just to add complexity, the standardized approach does not take into consideration operational risk. It just has -- uses Basel I, and adds severity to it, if you will. And so the large driver there is around securities, our securities lending mix, as well as margin lending and the quality of the collateral that you have in those margin loans. So we did see some improvement there. And we saw less of that reflected in the advanced approach. So it's not to say that there couldn't be changes. But from our best estimates right now, we're not really -- we don't really require a whole lot of RWAs to build our business. And I think the kind of the other thing to point out is we do have these non-agency securities and the securitizations and they do tend to draw a little bit higher capital charges. And they're slowly paying themselves down. So that should continue to be a positive for us.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. But Alex, it's going to, obviously, be tied to the revenues and it's going to be tied to types of revenues that we see. So the mix can have a meaningful impact. Certain of our revenues are very -- have fixed cost, so massive amounts of operating leverage to them, whereas others come with meaningful cost. So the revenue mix has a big impact. I mean the good news is we've had a headwind of increasing pension expenses year-after-year. And that should ease a bit this year. But I think generally, it's going to come with -- depending on the mix of revenues and the amount of investments as opportunities that we see for organic growth.
Thomas P. Gibbons: In terms of running the cushion, we're already, as you can see, actually running a pretty substantial cushion. So that we obviously think that puts us in a better position. But what we do is we sensitize what those capital ratios can be. We do our own internal stress test of many different types to estimate what we ultimately think the cushion ought to be. We don't really know what our additional GSIV requirement is going to be. That was under the Basel framework, the global requirement. But we have not been designated within the U.S. what that might be. But we certainly feel quite comfortable about the level that we're operating today. We think it's prudent and we think it's got plenty of cushion for potential downside. I think the good news in our business model is, we have, as you know, very low risk-weighted assets, so there doesn't tend to be a lot of volatility around those assets. They're very high quality, most of them are secured and short-term. And then our securities portfolio is also extremely high quality, mostly agencies and treasuries. So it survives any stress test typically quite well. I think the other thing in our business model is we do have a lot of annuity-like businesses. And we've got a less risky mix of assets. Now that doesn't always help us when the equity market shoots up like it did in the fourth quarter. But when it goes the other direction, we don't feel the pain quite as much as most. And that makes us a little more resilient in terms of stress testing as well. So hopefully that helps you to get a little better understanding of our perspective.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. Josh, I think what we had indicated in the -- 3 years ago, almost 3 years ago now, was if we initiate this program, those numbers amount to about 2% reduction in our annual run rate. And we had indicated there was probably about a 2% inflation in our annual run rate. So by making these improvements, we won't feel the impact of the inflation. That's merit increases, the increase in cost of pensions, and the increased software amortization was largely where I reflect it in the inflation component. So that would let our businesses and our business mix reflect upon itself. So we indicated that a 5% type of revenue growth rate we thought, we could see something like 100 to 150 basis points positive operating leverage, 4%, a little bit less than that. So that's exactly where we are running right now. Obviously, the revenue mix makes a little bit of a difference. But what you saw this year on a GAAP basis was 4% over 2% and, adjusting it for some of those one timers, you saw basically 4% over 4%. And the reason you didn't see more operating leverage is because we made a decision to invest organically. If we were investing -- if we were doing M&A rather than organic growth, you would have seen it. We think the organic growth comes with a much higher IRR. It's much more interesting rather than paying somebody else for their labor, developing ourselves is much more interesting, our long-term run rate. And that's why you see what you see.
Thomas P. Gibbons: What we had indicated, Mike, back on investors day that we've anticipated 3% to 5% revenue growth. We expected anywhere from 0 to 200 basis points of operating leverage based upon where we would be within that. Obviously, that would be largely driven by revenue mix. And one of the issues that Curtis just pointed out in fee waivers is meaningful, it's $0.06 to $0.07 a quarter with very limited expenses associated with it. The other indication is we thought we would, over time, generate a 10% plus return on shareholders' equity, that leads to quite a bit higher return on tangible common equity. So those were the basic underlying themes.
Thomas P. Gibbons: We haven't disclosed that, Mike, and what Curtis was speaking to specifically was investment spending within Investment Management where we've got a number of projects that he alluded to. So we're about 20% of the way through that, we'll be, as he indicated, about halfway through by the end of the year. At which point, we'll see some of the benefits of the earlier investments.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Right, and that was specific to the retail space. And we also have mentioned on a number of occasion the types of investment that we are making in our Investment Services businesses as well.
Thomas P. Gibbons: At this point, we're debating that internally whether we want to go public with that, Mike. So I think it's too early to say. We are looking at the various expense savings that we're going to be able to generate. As Brian pointed out, some of this is -- as we become much more process-oriented, there are some also revenue benefits that we think we will get out of this as well. But we haven't determined whether we're going to go public with that or not yet.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. That's what we're debating internally, Mike. We really haven't reached a -- ultimately, and I think it was Josh at Citi that pointed this out, ultimately, you got to see it. And we believe you will see it. And I think we've been pretty consistent with the guidance that we gave a number of years ago, there's obviously a lot of factors in markets that go on that can create noise there. But that's why we're debating. And so, let's just -- let's drive it through and perhaps let it reflect itself.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Well, why don't I -- why don't we hit on a couple of those things in the Investment Services business in some ways, those are even further along. For example, we've talked about Global Collateral Services quite a bit. We've made investments in our capabilities there, and we're delivering on those. Some of that's around financing, that's been a bit disappointing. As Gerald had mentioned, it hasn't moved as quickly as we had hoped. And it's also being impact -- it's being impacted a little bit just by market rates. So very low rate environment has made less need for transforming securities. That's been offset with the segregation business on some of the legacy stuff, which has been terrific, as well as some of the optimization capabilities that we ported to our clients, so we're seeing good growth there. The other area that we've talked a fair amount is the electronification of our FX business. So we have -- we are probably about, I would say, 50% or 60% of the way through that investment. It is starting to pay some dividends -- or it's still early, but I think it's starting to pay some modest dividends. I don't know, Tim, if you have anything to add to that.
Thomas P. Gibbons: We're analyzing it right now. We will disclose that in the annual report, but it could be in the range of $10 million to $20 million a quarter.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. I think there are couple of drivers there, Andrew. So one of the disclosures that we make around our Investment Services business is our revenue, fee revenue, our core fee revenue to expenses. And that will be the first place that you visibly see then, ultimately, that will come into the operating margin as well. Now 2 things can happen there. We're either getting more efficient or less efficient, which you would see, and we're getting better pricing or pricing is more challenging. So right now, we are starting to see some modest improvements. We didn't see a big improvement over last year, this year, and a lot of that can be driven by revenue -- by mix. So as you see more and more loss of fee waivers for example, there's -- that's all pretty much a fixed cost business, there is no additional expenses. That can make noise in those numbers from period-to-period. But I think we've given adequate -- actually we give very good disclosures, so you'll get a sense of where that's driving. And our goal is to get that on average -- there is some seasonality to it, on average, to pick that up 4 or 5 points.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Most of that would come down -- fall through the operating margin. But if you think about it, if we're saying $0.06 or $0.07 a quarter on fee waivers and you just -- that's a substantial growth rate right there. If it doesn't come with much expenses. That would overwhelm what we do on a period-to-period as we grind down our -- and make ourselves more efficient.
Thomas P. Gibbons: Yes. We've -- as we do a lot of analysis around our deposit base, right now it is most correlated to a couple of things. It's correlated to our -- obviously, to our underlying core business. So it's very much tied into fee business. So it tends to be frictional types of cash, so the more we grow our fee business, the more we grow our deposit business. So there's probably an underlying 4% or 5% growth rate in it for our core fee business. But right now, what's overwhelming is the unusual monetary policy that we're facing. So the feds got a $4 trillion balance sheet. It's sitting on $3 trillion of excess reserves. As those excess reserves come down and there is draining, we are going to see a substantial decline in our balance sheet, anywhere from $50 billion to $80 billion would be our expectation as we get to more normalized rate environment. So all that cash that we're leaving at the Fed, and not earning that much, we would expect to, in a normal rate environment, to normalize. And the good news there is we more than offset that with the spread on the remaining cash and the fee waivers. We do have a large balance sheet that, at this point in time, that's really reflecting this current environment. And I think it's important to understand.
Thomas P. Gibbons: No. We'd indicated that it will be more in the $80 million to $100 million range, and we've been on the high end of it. But then you'd like to -- it's based on circumstances but, yes, we'd still look to keep it in that range.
Curtis Y. Arledge: I think that's well said. We've obviously got a great start. The Dreyfus platform, here in the U.S., has obviously got all the infrastructure and very importantly, the relationships with the adviser community through Pershing, we're able to connect with some of their clients as well. So I think that we have a lot of foundation to build upon. To your specific question, I mean we've gotten -- started adding staff, adding product development capabilities, investing in our brand. And I actually think we're going to see some -- we're going to see the beginning edges of our improvement toward the end of this year. There are some product specifically that we have a very strong investment performance in that I think the market has great demand for. So we're very optimistic about our future here.
Curtis Y. Arledge: I'd say we're about 20% of the way into the investments spend. And at the end of 2014, I expect to be closer to 50%.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes, we're, obviously, we're already in the business. So we have revenues in the retail space. But seeing real momentum, I think that, I hope we'll be able to see it in the third and fourth quarter this year.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Glenn, it's Curtis. I definitely think that looking at this funded status ratio of pension plans is an important indicator here of kind of what's going on. If you look at where we are today, that's where the average plan is funded at about a 95%, 96% ratio which dipped actually below 75%, back in 2011. We're at the highest levels we've been at since before the financial crisis, 2008. And so pension plans have been on a pretty wild ride around their funded status ratio. In the quarter, we definitely saw more interest in talking about whether they should move towards locking in some of this recent improvement, there was definitely some de-risking. We even saw it index, in the index businesses where there were actually outflows in equity index products and movement towards fixed income and towards more balanced risk. So I definitely think that the LDI business is still a very promising business as pension plans are, in many ways, better positioned to be able to move to that strategy.
Curtis Y. Arledge: No, I think you're actually right on it which is some of the higher-margin activities within the investment management industry are in the areas that we've talked about investing in, which is retail. Growing our overall absolute return and alternatives efforts which we've seen actually some nice progress. And we actually do a whole lot of work around our margins and benchmarking to the industry. And margins, obviously, vary across different asset classes that investment managers are exposed to. So we're a pretty diversified asset manager that is more weighted towards institutional at the moment. Equity managers might have higher margins, but they're also substantially more volatile. Our margin actually is pretty stable through time. So those are some of the factors that we look to. We -- again, clearly, the last several years have been very challenging in fee waivers. So the business has a large mix of assets that are exposed to the money market business. And that has been a major dampening. You're talking about reasonably higher-margin business that has been under a downward pressure now for a number of years. So that has definitely put a damper on it. We're obviously waiting to see where the SEC goes with the rules around money markets. But hopeful that someday that actually will bear fruit, either in money market form or those assets will have to move somewhere. And potentially to -- some of them will get a short duration, fixed-income product. So that's sort of the thought around margin.
Curtis Y. Arledge: Yes. And Mike, maybe I would add, if you think about it, we're the 8th largest investment management firm in the world, and Dreyfus ranks about 23, 24 in terms of mutual fund volume. So we have all of the investment capability around the globe and, certainly, within the United States specifically to create investment offerings we think will be very attractive that -- really the adviser community, so we will reach retail investors and mutual funds primarily through the adviser community. And again, Pershing helps with that. But certainly Dreyfus is a very long, as long as any one relationship with much of this community. We just need to invest more in it to make more of it. And then we directly reach individual clients through our wealth management business. We're the eighth largest wealth management firm in the United States, but have been heavily concentrated in a few key markets. And so, our investment there actually has been expanding our geographic footprint in the wealth management business where, again, we are delivering investment capabilities to clients -- wealth management clients, but not in a large enough part of the market.
