Bob Kelly: Thanks, Andy and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. EPS in Q2 was $0.55 or $668 million. We booked good growth in security servicing fees and in asset management and wealth management, and posted our third consecutive quarter of positive long-term asset flows, that is equivalent to $12 billion for the quarter and $42 billion over the last nine months. Continuing on the new business fronts, we had new asset servicing wins of $419 billion in assets under custody. In broker dealer services, we had really nice success in winning new collateral management business, particularly in Europe. (inaudible) had some big wins that we will be converging in the third and fourth quarters, but with a lot of expenses in Q2 in advance for that. Depositary Receipts are continuing to win new business, and overall we are maintaining or growing our market shares. Net interest income was up slightly compared to last year and down about 6% sequentially. This decline was primarily due to our risk management strategy in both loan and bank placement portfolios, and we’re going to be looking closely at strategies to replace this revenue in the third and fourth quarters. Credit improvement continues. It reflects what is clearly now a very clean balance sheet. Sequentially our provision was actually down 43%, and nonperforming assets were down 12%. We also went from having an unrealized pre-tax loss on the investment portfolio in Q1 to a gain of $292 million at June 30. We continued to generate capital, TCE, Tier 1, and Tier 1 common strengthened. Service levels remain excellent. In the latest Global Investor survey, in the global custody clients we ranked number one over our major peers in 16 categories. Global Custodian magazine released its securities lending survey in May. We were ranked number one overall in two categories, which is particularly pleasing to see since the last couple of years have been a pretty tough time for both the holders and the lenders of assets. We are also continuing to invest in the future growth of our businesses. On July 1, we successfully closed the GIS acquisition, and just a quick update on that. We are really pleased with how everything is going so far, which is a reflection of the terrific work being done by the integration teams across the company. As you may recall, our deal model relied very little on revenue synergies in the early years. Having said that, the first couple of weeks post closing have been pretty encouraging. We’re starting to see very nice revenue synergies. We are looking forward to seeing more of that to come. Cultures are mixing well. People are working very well together as one company already, and it is also a nice expansion into Europe, particularly related to hedge fund administration. So, bottom line is we are pretty optimistic about our ability to achieve the expense and revenue synergies that made this deal so attractive in the first place. On other fronts, we expect to close the BHF asset servicing deal in Germany next month. We recently received final regulatory approval to open our asset management joint venture based in Shanghai. This will enable us to start off with new products in China, as well as to our international clients, and we expect to be able to do that later this year. We received approval to provide more asset management capabilities in Korea. We also announced the acquisition of a wealth management firm in (inaudible). Our first wealth management acquisition outside the United States. So, that is a lot of activity under way to build the future revenue pipeline, as well our global footprint. I would say the key takeaway before we hand it over to Todd would be solid earnings, very strong balance sheet. We are generating capital and we are investing for the future. So let us hand it over to Todd to go through the numbers in more detail.
Bob Kelly: Okay. Let me start with the trading revenue. There are really three drivers of what -- I mean, let us start with FX, FX with strong volumes were pretty good. Obviously volatility was up, and we saw the 39% increase. The decline in other trading revenue was a reflection of three things. First of all, it is just lower fixed income across trading, across the board. Secondly, the credit valuation adjustment in our derivatives portfolio was a negative for the quarter. We saw our spreads widen. It had less of an impact, where we had our payable, because our spreads didn’t widen up much, but where we had our receivable had a meaningful impact. And finally we did incur some modest trading losses due to some volatility on the client positions Ken.
Bob Kelly: Yes. I think they kind of neutralize each other. We had a win on a payable that we had booked in dollars, which ultimately we had elected to book in dollars and was paid in euro. So the quarter saw a fairly significant move on that, and that turned out to be a positive, but it is obviously going to be one time event. But otherwise, we have hedged the balance sheet pretty carefully.
Bob Kelly: (inaudible) because that is one of the more interesting story that have been developing here over the last 3 to 6 months here.
Bob Kelly: I think the message here is, it is a tough environment to grow revenue, and we are working really hard to outperform all that. And you know, this is going to be our key focus going forward now that our balance sheet is so strong.
Bob Kelly: Well, on the asset servicing side, we didn’t go up on a link basis, our margin from 20% to 30%. And that is principally due to the seasonality though Betsy, when you have these big lift in securities lending, as well as the foreign exchange that Todd was talking about earlier. You know that as you look at into the -- particularly the third quarter, those have a tendency to soften. What we have seen though, which is encouraging on both fronts is because of the new business activity that we have converted over the last year, specifically we have converted the 1.3 trillion over the last four quarters that results in more global and cross-border activity. So that accomplished some of the foreign exchange growth. And then also encouraging on the securities lending side, we continue to see more clients either returning to the program or new clients being added to the program, and spreads are slightly wider with the spread differential between LIBOR and Fed funds.
Bob Kelly: I think what they are trying to do is simplify their own operations. And they are also looking at outsourcing. That is an area we have seen a big pickup in overall activity, particularly in the fund management space, and in insurance companies. They are narrowing the number of partners. They want a better deal, and because we have a wider range of products and services, including some of the new ones that we have just launched around Derivatives360, and our futures clearing opportunities. They are very happy to talk to us about moving more business to us. It ends up being cost neutral to them, but a big positive for us.
Bob Kelly: Yes, that is a good question. Howard, at this point, of course we are generating still excess capital, but we are very mindful of what is happening with Basel 3, and what is eventually going to happen there. So we are being cautious. The last two or three things you saw were just frankly really attractive, and they are really built on our franchise in products and geographies we didn’t have before. You know, we’re still interested in doing other things, particularly in Asia Pacific, but I wouldn’t say there is anything of size. On the horizon there would be smaller fill ins, and particularly in specific geographies.
Bob Kelly: You know, the thing to remember too Mike is savings globally are increasing, and that is a big change from three years ago. With savings increasing, that implies that in the banks there are going to be longer deposits, or more importantly asset managers are going to be really bringing in lot of money as well, which should be very beneficial to asset servicing, to asset management, to Pershing, to a lot of our businesses, which is all about growing the pools of cash, as the population ages and gets closer to retirement. We played to that long-term trend.
Bob Kelly: Well, why don’t we -- it is a good question. The biggest change I think globally was the United states. Just from the standpoint that we were overlevered, the consumer was overlevered in the United States from both -- from a debt standpoint and as you know the savings rate in the 50s to the 80s was 8% to 9% per annum, and basically in ’02, ’03 it basically went to zero or negative. You know, it feels like the savings rate is more like 5%, 6% today, and you are seeing that people are putting money in longer-term instruments, longer duration instruments versus short-term instruments. So I think the US is probably the biggest. Asia Pacific is going to continue to be saving. I just saw that Australia put up their superannuation to 12%, and even though you are going to have lower GDP growth or low GDP growth in Europe, you know, the fact of the matter is you are going to still have very strong savings rates in Europe, and increasingly individuals are going to have to focus on savings versus allowing their governments to look after their retirement needs. Mitchell, is there anything you would add to that? This is a general theme.
Bob Kelly: And I think what that does is it highlights why we’re investing in GIS and BHF. That is more about financial institutions and asset managers.
Bob Kelly: Yes, the restructuring that we did in the third quarter of last year, we initially estimated it obviously would be less than that. As we saw some improvement in the underlying performance, we bumped it up. Now we expect the positive impact to be about $320 million, and I should say Brian we are actually seeing pretty good performance in the underlying. We’re pretty pleased with how it is working, and how it is going. So it is possible we could tweak that up. But right now that is our best estimate.
Bob Kelly: I think we can -- you could see it back up a little bit, but not that much. Now part of the reason is because just there is lower money market funds.
Bob Kelly: I don’t think it is going to move too far away from this Brian, you know, maybe 5 bucks one way or the other.
Bob Kelly: Yes, the total losses were disclosed on page 11. It was $24 million in the other trading, and if you looked historically, we probably make another trading, obviously that can be a pretty volatile revenue line for us. We probably make in the $25 million to $75 million range. so we posted a negative $24 million, which was very unusual for us. I would expect that we would in a very soft environment, we are seeing today, we expect to be in the middle to the lower end of that range.
Bob Kelly: You know, Nancy, what I’d add to that is we’ve been underinvested in sales capabilities in wealth management, and we don’t want to reduce that investment level, and you know, there are still geographies in the United States that we’re interested in and we’ll continue to focus on that. We’ve got to be opportunistic on that as things occur. One thing that’s a little new here is we’re so strong outside of the US in terms of our other business lines that Larry is increasingly thinking about you know, what are the opportunities on the back of that to be able to grow share globally, and offer the sort of products and services on a more integrated basis with our other business lines and you know, frankly I’m encouraging them to continue to think that way.
Bob Kelly: I don’t know the optimal number but I suspect that, I don’t suspect, I know that we are in increasingly globalized economy, and that’s not going away. It’s going to be more and more and more global and more integrated, which will imply that over time more and more of our business is going to be outside of the US. So one of the themes you heard here this morning is that (inaudible), we are becoming more international by business. We are particularly focused on Asia-Pacific. No acquisition opportunities there. On the other hand great organic growth opportunities. We’re continuing to invest executives and strategy time there, maybe there’ll be some JV opportunities in Asia Pacific, where we can partner with important players there to help them, be more successful over time and to provide a global infrastructure. Europe is, I suspect, is going to be an opportunity going forward as well, both organically and maybe even through smaller acquisitions in our core businesses. You know, I keep thinking about a just a very simplistic reality that over the last 10 or 20 years in the United States, just about going out into the custody business because if your subscale in terms of the size of your book of business and in recognition what clients were expecting in terms of investment in new software and capability. Eventually that’s going to happen in Europe as well, and no one can predict timing of that, but the hard-core reality is there is a lot of subscale players in Europe still, and we’ll see if that creates opportunities for us in years to come and you know, the other advantage we have that’s fairly material is that you know, our air reach, our asset management products are very well priced, and the performance is excellent compared to many other global competitors outside of the US. So I think the inevitable outcome is even in an environment where you have more uncertainty about the global outlook, the savings rates are going to continue to be extraordinarily strong and across-border capabilities will be undoubtedly a huge importance.
Bob Kelly: Well, it has to be really financially attractive, as usual which are pretty tough hurdles for us, and then the question would be which is really important is could you actually grow the businesses because you never want to buy something that even though it’s financially attractive on day one that is low growth. So if we could bring our global capabilities, it is something what it makes sense over time, and I guess the easy answer to that is I just don’t know the answer to that yet but that’s something that you obviously have to think about. I do worry frankly about higher regulatory costs in Europe paying taxes. We saw the UK do this in recently there is talks of France and Germany doing it, perhaps Belgium. We’re not hearing it from Ireland, but if national energies want to really increase taxes, that makes the economics much more difficult and less attractive to us, and I wish we talk separately about any paying tax in the US.
Bob Kelly: No, Gerard, we don’t. It is more of the, I guess, closely guarded realities of people working very, very hard towards which I am still continuing to hear and continue to read that there is going to be some kind of global accord on capital and liquidity by November for the Korean G-20. And I think most governments want to get this over with and so that progress isn’t made. I think it’s a given that the minimum capital ratios are going to rise. The quality of capital has to go up, liquidity has to go up. That’s an easy bet, then the question would be for the median player will their capital have to increase as well. My guess is probably true. It’s not clear to me though that for the top core top players whether or not they will have to add to capital because, you know, one of the realities I’ve learned over the past six months in speaking with our colleagues around the world is you do have to remember that in the US here, we’ve been pretty aggressive in writing down assets and raising capital much more so than in other countries around the world. So you know, we have to think globally here. There are going to be other nations where they’re just not going to be able to reach our level of capital for a long time. So I would think American banks have an advantage over many of our global peers, and I think we’re going to have a long implementation period as a result as well because you know, certain of these economies are going to be very low growth, and it will be hard to grow capital rapidly. So it’s going to be very interesting to see where we end up, and I’m somewhat optimistic, but of course this is the next very, very, very important step as we head into the next phase of regulatory reform, which is global of course.
Bob Kelly: You know, Gerard, just to -- maybe to hit the point more bluntly on global issues and taxes, and what I thought about -- I think about the discussion going on in Washington now with the possibility of having a bank tax net come into the US, I know the number we’ve all seen is about $90 billion over 10 years. So that’s, you know, $9 billion per annum. You know, BK, The Bank of New York Mellon is the eighth largest bank in the United States. So that $9 billion per annum would be the equivalent of the annual profit to two BNY Mellons per annum. And I just meant that’s probably equivalent, and once it is offset that will be a loss of hundred thousand jobs in the industry over a 10-year period, and I can’t see how that’s very good for the country.
Bob Kelly: You know, when you think about the longer-term trends John, you just have to think about Asia-Pacific. You know, there is really three economies on the planet now, it is Asia-Pacific plus Latin America, then there is north America and then there is Europe and they’re growing at very different rates. So you know, I was in Brazil last month, Brazil added 1.7 million jobs in the last 12 months, GDP growth is almost 6% per annum. You know, Brazil is a country that’s on a roll. You know, there are 200 million people, huge natural resources. We’re investing aggressively in Brazil. We’re going to continue to invest in Asia-Pacific. You know, you think about a developed economy like Australia. You know, they haven’t had a recession in 20 years, because they’re enjoying the halo effect of good fundamental management with their economy plus everything that’s going on north of them in China and India and Korea and other places. So that’s going to be our primary focus. That is the smallest percentage of our company today, and we really want that to grow, but you know, that is the one area that really stands out as being a longer-term priority for us.
Bob Kelly: I think it will be mostly organic, and we may have a few strategic relationships with a few major clients in the region that may accelerate that growth beyond normal organic rates.
Bob Kelly: Yes, that’s a big question John. There a lot of issues there, but if you look in security servicing fees we’re really looking at a number of businesses, including our issuer services business, our clearing business, as well as our asset servicing business, and there is a fair amount of volatility as you know, in our issuer services specifically around depository receipt. So ultimately it is a reflection of the total amount of issuance and shares outstanding, but there are corporate actions and other things that tend to be a bit seasonal that can move that. So, a little bit of the bump that you saw in the second quarter is reflective of that. It’s somewhat offset by the very slow limited amount of activity that we’re seeing in corporate trust, which again is reflective of the amount of trusteeship that we have, and there you are just not seeing any new debt issuance globally. In terms of asset servicing, I will turn that over to Jim to comment on that.
Bob Kelly: Okay everyone. Thank you very much. We are mindful of time. We really appreciate you being on the call. Have a good day.
Todd Gibbons: I would say probably we saw [ph], the biggest impact was the mark to market on the positions, and because we had the strongest rating of the banks in the United States and our counterparts tend to have lower ratings, their spreads were wider than our own. So we would have unusual change this quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Yes. There is a modest improvement Ken. I would say it is probably less than a fifth of what we are waiving. But we did see a little bit of improvement in the quarter.
Todd Gibbons: Nothing specific, but what we have done is I think we have introduced a lot of clarity around the reinvestment portfolios. It gives a lot more transparency that goes on in the business today than I think you saw a few years ago. And then clients are feeling a little bit more comfortable with the stability that exists in the securities lending environment.
Todd Gibbons: Sure Howard, it is Todd. We have traditionally kept our liquid deposit base, a significant amount of it in relatively short-term placements. There are some alternative strategies, even very low risk strategies if we move over to securities. So, we are evaluating a number of them, or repo types of transactions as well. So we would expect to start implementing some of these in the third quarter. You won’t see much of a change. You will probably just see a little bit of a growth in our securities portfolio, relative to our placement portfolio.
Todd Gibbons: Sure. As we had indicated, I guess it was one or two quarters ago the restructuring really hasn’t changed the impact to our NIR at this point, or to our NIM from where we had previously indicated. And our best guess is for the year that should be in the vicinity of about $320 million, positive.
Todd Gibbons: Well, I will take that one and maybe my colleagues from asset servicing can jump in here, but as I understand the issues that have come to light here are related to issues around affiliated funds. And we just don’t have that issue. So I don’t see that as having a specific impact to us Howard.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, Jeff. It is Todd. I will take that one. That is not necessarily the case. The real mover in fee waivers will be to see a rise in overall interest rates. The good news is as we see some level of yield curve change here, there is actually a little more yield in money market funds, and there are therefore a little more fees for us. Until we see the Fed actually do something, I would be surprised to see a big increase there, a big relief on the fee waivers.
Todd Gibbons: Nancy, I would say so, there is a possibility depending of what happens to the yield curve, whether there will be some slight contraction from here and based on what our asset mix is going to be, but it feels to me and then we’ve looked at this pretty hard that we should be able to keep it around the 170, or the low end of the range to 180.
Todd Gibbons: One thing I should add to that if the balance sheet grows a lot it’s hard for us to keep it best, and there will be positive net interest revenues. So we see a significant amount of new deposits which we did see a fair amount of that in the second quarter, and that would put a little pressure on the NIM as well.
Todd Gibbons: We have indicated that the UK bonus acts would cost us, we had indicated in the Q that it costs us about $15 million that came in a little more than half of that on a pretax basis. So if you assign [ph] a 30% tax rate to it you can figure that out, and the fee waivers are hitting us in the vicinity of $65 million to $70 million a quarter pretax.
Todd Gibbons: Yes, one thing I’d add to that Tom is we actually added to the reserve for the quarter. So even though we only provided 20, we only charged of 13.
Tim Keaney: Yes, sure, Dan. It is Tim Keaney here. We have a pretty solid pipeline, about 2.4 trillion. It is pretty flat quarter-on-quarter, similar number of deals. I think one thing of note is we tend to see the little bit of smaller and mid-sized deals which are actually a good news story because those deals convert into the revenue line pretty easily, and you would continue to see an emphasis in terms of size and scale to be geared towards global FIs, and a larger number of names from outside the US. So generally a solid pipeline is the answer.
Tim Keaney: Yes, I think that is a good point Bob. Betsy, one of the things we have recognized, in particular in our financial institutions, when you look at the range of products across all of our business lines from Pershing to our broker-dealer services area, asset servicing and asset management, we’re finding we have more opportunities to partner with whether it is a fund manager, a bank, an insurance company or a broker. And they are under pressure because they want to do more business with fewer players, and there is very few people that can stack up as a partner, and one of the things we have recognized is the number of those client segments are changing their business models because of what has happened in the outside world over the last 18 to 24 months. And so, we’re really talking about all the things we do for these market segments, and that is what we do in client management, and that complements very nicely the product line sales approach that we have. As a result of that, we are seeing a larger number of big play high revenue opportunities, particularly amongst financial institutions. And I think you will see that continue to show up in our sales pipeline.
Tim Keaney: Just some general comments first. Bob mentioned the $419 billion. We have around $1.2 trillion in the last four quarters. You know, as I look at it we are still winning over 60% of the deals we are picking up. I think you are seeing the asset pools are growing. So you are seeing asset managers now attracting new assets. Banks and insurance companies the same, which is why we continue to emphasize and put an emphasis on financial institutions. I will say over the last four quarters, we have been a net new business winner versus every single one of our competitors. And aside from the odd question mark around pricing, you know, I think winning the quality game is making a difference here, and quality has become a key differentiator. It is much less so on price.
Tim Keaney: Yes, Bob, I think the knock-on impact from what Mitchell was describing is there is more financial institution activity, there is more fund activity, and it shows up in our results as well, where more than 50% of our revenues came from outside the US, two thirds of it came from our existing client base, and more than three quarters of it came from financial institutions, so all of the factors that we are describing here are all coming into play quite nicely. So now, our overall revenue stream in the asset servicing side is over 40% outside the United States.
Tim Keaney: I guess, we don’t know the answer to that Mike, because we don’t have that data really accurately. What I would say is that is the main reason why we’re so focused on having the number one client service in the world, that is it reduces the odds of losing the client, and it increases the odds of our existing clients referring new business to us from another client. And so we will see. I think the pools are getting bigger, and when you can best service at the margin over time, it should allow us to grow market share.
Tim Keaney: Hi, Jeff, it is Tim Keaney here. There are a couple of market segments that continue to be under profit pressures. I would say this is general commentary. I would say fund managers and insurance companies in particular. We continue to see a shift in outsourcing, and this has been a steady point and now we are somewhere around 20% of our pipeline is around outsourcing. What is changed is, clients are willing to talk about the bundle now. And they are not just outsourcing middle office. They are looking at the bundle for the reasons I talked about the earlier, where they are trying to simplify their operating model and do business with a fewer number of strategic providers. And so, I would say that is at least a 6-quarter trend, and it plays to the real strength of the organization because we have a breath of products that most of our competitors don’t have for those market segments, and we are one of the leaders in the outsourcing space.
Mitchell Harris: I think similarly a couple of things. The US and the non-US are both building at about a 50% rate that in the first half of the year we have seen a slow but increasing pipeline of long-term flows coming in. The mix of business has been very beneficial to us, a lot of fixed income and alternatives, especially given the equity markets. But we are seeing equity as well. And it is being supported by pretty good performance across the board, especially on our three-year numbers. So, overall I am pretty optimistic about the pipeline. Funding has also been accelerating for us as well from new wins. So that has been encouraging.
Mitchell Harris: Well, I think there is a couple of things. You also see a shift of asset classes. So you are seeing movements from the cash and equity into fixed income and alternatives at this point. Your savings rates in Italy and Japan have been significant. We are certainly seeing flows from there. As Bob said, Australia, Korea, so you have significant saving still coming from outside the United States that I think we’re benefiting from. So, as it shifts, and non-US, I think is where you are seeing a lot of wins from.
Mitchell Harris: 50% of it was outside the United States, 50% was in the US, but the US I would call more of a shift. We benefit because we have such a broad product diversification, and we have such a deep, particularly on the fixed income side range of products that we benefited significantly from that.
Mitchell Harris: This is Mitchell Harris Brian, a couple of comments. First off, it is based on the month end value, and it has been down about 12%, 13%, depending on what market you are referring to. But what I would say is a couple of things. Performance irrespective of the market has actually been pretty good. Our international equity products are small and mid-cap value products, I have all seen strong flows in. We have not seen pricing pressure in the equities. Clearly that is not where the majority of that growth is coming from, but I guess the mix of products and the performance has helped us quite well. Large cap has suffered the most quite frankly, but we are still seeing flows into the others as I said. And again, just moving of equities we benefited because of the broad fixed income capabilities in particular, and alternatives in foreign currency.
Larry Hughes: Sure, we had the best new business quarter in the second quarter that we had in the last year, and the pipeline is the same. So it is the best pipeline we have had over the course of the last year, up about 7% from Q1. So, good strong results.
Larry Hughes: Hi, Nancy, it is Larry Hughes. In fact, we have seen strength across our entire business. So the family office business, and the core US markets business have both been strong for us. So results are good and the same statement is true for both. The pipeline is the best we have seen in a year. It is up sequentially from the first quarter, about 7% overall. The opportunity for us to expand is clearly there. There are additional markets we would like to serve. We announced in the first quarter an acquisition of a firm called I3 Advisors in Canada. We expect that that will be an opportunity for us to expand, and enter some additional international markets. So we see strength and opportunity.
Larry Hughes: The Florida market has been one of the brightest spots for us during the course of 2009 and 2010. So the Florida market is a strong and growing market, and we have seven offices in the state of Florida, and are seeing strength across the state.
Larry Hughes: We have expanded our sales force for wealth management. We’re up about 6%. We expect to be up about 15% in terms of the sales force during the course of 2010. So, we expect to continue to invest both for organic growth and for essential acquisitions as they arise opportunistically.
Jim Palermo: Betsy, it is Jim Palermo. How are you doing? Actually similar the pipeline is strong. We really haven’t added a lot of new sales staff. We think we have got excellent global coverage at this point in time. But what we are seeing is a pretty competitive landscape. We have seen a few deals, that we actually saw some unusual pricing from some of our competitors. I would say that as we’ve alluded in the past. We continue to have, I would say, very strong pricing discipline for all of our client activity, and we are actually seeing a higher percentage of our overall revenue streams associated with high dollar fees versus the capital market.
Jim Palermo: Yes, Tom, it’s Jim. As I said before we are seeing the beginnings of that transition moving to more explicit or high dollar fees as a percentage of total revenues. The reality is that’s going to take a period of time because you need to work through your lengthy contracts that you have with clients. So we’ve taken a methodical approach and as new client contracts become due or new opportunities present themselves, we find a high percentage of our high dollar fees going into the overall equation.
Jim Palermo: Yes, John when we take a look at our revenue streams and time to asset growth, about 40% of our revenues are tied directly to asset growth. The other 60% comes from transaction volumes, from holdings that we have with our clients, our performance measurement analytics capabilities, our fund economy, fund administration transfer agency. So you’re seeing at the highlighted areas that will continue to be more over weighted going forward, particularly with the GIS acquisition, which is largely weighted on fund economy, fund administration, and transfer agency, i.e., hard dollar fees. So, I think you’re going to expect that 40% to be more likely to decline than increase as it relates to market sensitivity.
