Albert Bourla: First of all, I think it's good when you have a portfolio. And we have a quite strong portfolio because we have RSV, we have COVID and we have pneumococcal in the respiratory front. But I think the biggest impact will be when and if we have combination products. We think that combination products will – because of their convenience, because of vaccines are preferred by payers with zero copay will increase basically the volumes and vaccination rates of all vaccines because of the convenience of one injection. And I think this is why you saw from Mikael all our efforts right now are in developing multiple combinations, so that consumers and physicians will have choice which ones to administer, always with the same convenience. 
Albert Bourla: On the flu comparator, I can confirm that it is the low dose on the younger population because that's the only one that's allowed. So on the older population, we are having studies now with a very low dose, but we will do also with the higher dose. So we have both.  On danu, it's not much to say. We need to wait to see the data. Clearly, when you are moving ahead with a program like that, you need to see the totality of the data and we are working now intensively to be able to have those data presented before year-end. 
Albert Bourla: I think you likely misunderstood my comments on the totality. It has nothing to do with any data that I have seen because I haven't, right? So, the data have not been presented to – I don't think [indiscernible] has been completed yet. So, I will ask also Mikael to comment on that, but don't bridge with anything on the totality of the data. What I meant it is that we are doing this, we are doing the release formulation, which will make it once a day. There are multiple things, but we need to wait and see. We see how competitors are doing before deciding what we will do. But the most important thing is to see what is the efficacy and safety of the study that will read out. So, nothing to read in my comment on historical data. So, Mikael, you want to add…
Albert Bourla: Monadelphous, you want to take the PCV question and danu, but also, Angela, very quickly, ABRYSVO is available at the pharmacy.
Albert Bourla: On the danu, let me take it, so I can spare a little bit Mikael's time. We are expecting the data to show up before the end of the year. And of course, it's an important event. So we will have to make it publicly known when we know the data. And of course, when we are ready with our Phase 3, and we hope that the data are good, so that we can move into Phase 3. And I hope that we are going to do it in an expedient manner because speed is of essence in this battle between competing molecules. But we will announce our plans for Phase 3. I know the interest is very high right now. But I want to be very prudent in not saying things without the data. The data or the click of the data, we haven't seen it again.  Now, let me move to Chris, so that we can discuss about the ESMO.
Albert Bourla: And also about your question, if we are going to change the $20 billions or the $25 billions that we have declared, first of all, the $25 billion is billions that we're going to acquire revenue in 2030. According to our estimates, we have acquired, pending Seagen acquisition, $20 billion so far. If you see the analyst expectations for this acquisitions, at the end of 2030, are very, very close to what we have right now. And I think this is trending very nice.  When you see the internal pipe, the launches that we are having from our internal pipeline, which we declared $20 billions, there is a gap between what we believe and what the analysts believe. And this is where we are focusing our attention right now. It's very early with the launches. Some of them are doing better than what we thought. Some of them are doing worse than what we thought. And if we realize that the totality of $20 billion is not anymore what we think will be, of course, we will update.
Albert Bourla: Okay, thank you very much. I would like just to say that if you walk away from today's call with just one takeaway, it should be that I think Pfizer's future remains bright. We have rebased our COVID expectations, and now I think it's very easy for everyone to be able to model what I think will be stable COVID revenues going forward. And with the recent – particularly with the recent amended Paxlovid supply agreement. And of course, we are having very strong performance of our [indiscernible] and new products portfolio excluding COVID. It's 10% growth this quarter. And that position us to be able to have growing things going forward.  So I will now bring this call to an end. Thank you for joining us and have a great rest of your day.
Mikael Dolsten: We are building a platform around the GLP-1 area and also obesity in general with multiple different mechanisms and compounds. We remain focused on the danuglipron readout, as Albert mentioned, as our main opportunity here for getting data to review for obesity and Type 2 diabetes. But there are many indications where GLP may play a role outside the typical metabolic. So this one gives us just more options to explore and have interesting data. And you will see more new mechanism also coming from Pfizer. We have a pretty strong effort here. 
Mikael Dolsten: [indiscernible] we also always said and when someone fails a study. We are very encouraged about getting to the readout. You are right, there is an opportunity for an interim analysis around year-end with final analysis second half of next year. And overall, I think our interim read for DMD have shown a very consistent effect across biomarkers and functional endpoint. And what has been differentiated it so far is that when you look at the functional data we have reported, it has been giving encouraging signals in both the younger and the slightly older boys. And that has not been seen with the other company you referred to. So, in a way, I remain, as earlier, very positive about looking forward to the readout and let the data tell the story. But of course, this makes our gene therapy, in a way, the main game to us.
Mikael Dolsten: Yeah, I can just echo what you said so well, Albert. We and I remain very enthusiastic to look forward, to see the data. We have not seen the final top line report coming out. So today, the study is still ongoing but will be available before year-end. Danuglipron has shown, as you know, some really interesting profile as a full agonist and it's our main opportunity and effort for obesity and Type 2 diabetes.  We got earlier today a question about new molecules that are coming in. And that's when I mentioned that our additional indications to pursue for such new molecules and we'll also have new mechanisms that are validated that's coming in in oral version. So it just punctuates our big effort we have around both these class and obesity and other disorders.
Mikael Dolsten: On the PCV fourth generation, I hope you looked at today's data. And what you could see is that we are really the first company that have been able to put in place a whole set of new technology that can bring immune responses to a higher level than have been seen and that allow us to go with even more comprehensive coverage than the current 20. I'm not going to give your curiosity an answer how many serotype. I can just tell you it's considerable more than the 20.  On danu, we look upon danuglipron as the once-a-day QD molecule because of the reformulation technologies that were put in place and already generated some clinical data on and are now concluding. So that's really how we look upon danuglipron and we'll have final data on the best formulation option early next year. But as Albert said, we're enthusiastic to look forward to the efficacy data later this year. So very exciting time.
Mikael Dolsten: Yeah, I can first echo what Albert and I said, we look forward with enthusiasm to get the danuglipron obesity data later this year. And of course, as Albert said, pending totality of reviewing everything we have, we have made a lot of progress and been able to accelerate the QD danu. Now, we're waiting for some more clinical data early next year, but I think it's within our reach. If we decide to do, to start the pivotal study next year to do it with an once a day molecule.
Mikael Dolsten: I'm happy to start on it. I think we have a very robust label for etrasimod. It's the only S1P in this drug class [indiscernible] that have a simple flat dosing and immediate start without any prior need for, let's say, cardiac rhythm exams, like the other prog in this class. All S1P have various eye exams to monitor. And I think our label similarly has a recommendation to do that. So it's really nothing new. And our efficacy data, and you see, has been very favorable. So we are very optimistic that this can be a true best-in-class ulcerative colitis. 
Mikael Dolsten: I think you asked about how could a new oral GLP in obesity be positioned for maximal attractiveness and using danu as one example, pending, of course, our excitement to see the data. Well, clearly, as obesity and Type 2 diabetes with overweight are moving from being treated from an endocrinologist and metabolic physicians increasingly now to primary care, particularly with the impressive effects of this drug class on obesity and bodyweight. Oral agents in general are preferred. So I think, once a day drugs such as the new reformulated potential danuglipron would have an interesting role there.  I think there is also a growing discussion among opinion leaders in the field that the patients regain weight when they stop the injectable. And in general, they are only available for maybe a year. So an oral agent that could be taken for a longer period could also play a really interesting role to maintain body weight at a low level.  And finally, you're absolute right, the new data for this drug class suggests that patients could benefit from both cardiac and renal protection. And oral agents allow you to build combination with drugs that already are used in this population, such as the 52, to protect the heart etc. So I think that's why there is such a big interest in drugs in this class. 
Mikael Dolsten: We have, I think, more than 1,400 patients on danuglipron and it's a very safe drug. It's a very safe drug. And we look forward to the readout on efficacy, as we have said. before year-end. So that's very straightforward.  mRNA flu, you had a very good comment, particularly in initial studies, tolerability is really what we focus on. And tolerability was similar to standard of care available vaccines, or the other mRNA vaccines experienced from Pfizer. And we haven't really had any concerns about safety. So on both tolerability and safety, the statement stands that it looks like previous versions of our vaccines.
Mikael Dolsten: On the once a day reformulated danu, we have initially tested a standard swellable core technology, and could show that it worked very well with danu. Now to be able also to incorporate a more sophisticated technology, we worked on a matrix technology, and all data suggests it's going to a really intriguing alternative because, as you know, in diabetes oral drugs and obesity, you will over time end up with incorporating different trials to prevent different downstream effects. And that's the beautiful of having these type of novel technology that you have a potential in the future to go to fix those combination. And we are really masters in developing sophisticated formulations and we will have this available in 2024.
Mikael Dolsten: The near term goal is really look at the data, as we have said, both Albert and myself, and pending review, of course, there's an option with a once a day danu to move forward in obesity and diabetes.  I think we have commented that the upside with oral drugs are many in the sector. That's why it has been such a big interest. And that includes fixed dose combination, which aren't available with injectables. But we will keep it simple and clear. We'll review the data and take a decision about potential in obesity and diabetes once a day danu. That's the near term.
Angela Hwang: Well, as you heard, during the HCIP discussions, our recommendation for ABRYSVO today is really one around shared clinical decision making. But we also were – we were asked to bring additional data when they are ready. And so, just to confirm that we will have additional data in vaccine effectiveness in broader populations, we will have safety data also in broader populations, we will also have immunogenicity data in younger populations. All of this will be, I think, available in the next year when we plan to bring this back to the CDC. In addition to that, actually omitted to mention that we'll also have second season efficacy data. So, we'll be able to bring this totality of data together to determine whether the recommendations will change, but also what the vaccination schedule will be. So that's to come in 2024.
Angela Hwang: Yes, it's going to be available in pharmacies and doctors' offices and OBGYN offices. I think we have a real stocking advantage here, Louise, because anyone just needs to stock one product for two indications for both populations. So I think the uptake is to come. And certainly, the next few months, being that it's the winter, is when we begin to – we believe we'll see some good uptake.
Angela Hwang: Thanks for the question, Chris, because it's a great opportunity for us to share that we are seeing Nurtec perform just as we expected. In fact, with some really strong performance indicators that I'd like to share with you.  First of all, from a TRx perspective, we grew 28% compared to last year this time, and sequentially, we grew 6% versus last quarter. In fact, on October 20, we saw the highest week of TRx's and NRxs to date.  That growth is also seen in the number of prescribers. Just this quarter alone, we had 73,000 prescribers writing Nurtec. And we are now moving at a clip of about 23,000 writer a week which is 30% more than Ubrelvy and double that of Qulipta.  Another good place to look is also in new to brand starts, right, NBRxs. And when you look at that, NBRx growth for Nurtec is higher than Ubrelvy and Qulipta in all the deciles of physicians, but particularly in the decile 8 to 10, which, as you know, is where the highest prescribers are or who are the highest prescribers.  And then, when you look at pill count, we see something interesting there too. We have been very intensely or intently driving our pill pack toward the larger pill pack size, which is the 16 pack because of our prevention indication. And so, when you look at the totality of all the pills or the total volume of pills, we have a leading market share there, more than 50%.  And so, I think when you look at all these indicators, at least from the way that we're looking at it, it's very positive story. It's exactly how we see it. The expansion into primary care, as you heard in Albert's comments, is what it is that we're after. And today, only 17% of the entire market is oral CGRPs, which tells you that most of the market is still an opportunity for us and represents growth that we're really, really looking forward to. And I think that we put the right investments in the right places to generate this growth in the future.  From a pricing perspective, obviously, it's a product that is rebated, and so I think the way to think about it is that, from a patient perspective, which is where we really put a lot of focus, we want to make sure that our patients are able to get the scripts, are able to get access for Nurtec, especially as you consider that we're trying to mobilize people away from Topiramate and away from triptans on to all CGRPs.  So the gross to net effects here are significant. And you see that quarter-over-quarter because we are making sure that we're able to provide access to patients who deserve and are eligible for [indiscernible]. 
Angela Hwang: I was just going to add to that that, competitively, we believe that we have an excellent efficacy and safety profile. We don't have a need to titrate up, as Mikael said. And also, our assessment of standard versus our competitors at the initiation of therapy. So I think that this is a level playing field that we're in. Certainly patient support is an area of focus for us, right, to ensure that patients are getting the assessments that they need. But we feel that we're – this is pretty standard practice and we'll be able to launch this product as planned.
Angela Hwang: We're really pleased with our performance on ABRYSVO. It has exceeded our expectations. You first asked whether this is all about stocking. And I can say that it isn't. Of course, there was stocking effect in the beginning because this was a new vaccine. But we're also closely tracking vaccination rates and uptake. And what you see is that there is very fast uptake that really benefit from the fact that this was approved and in market prior to the vaccination season actually happening. So it was able to ride off the coattails of flu vaccinations, which you know are very high. Right? September, October. We have about a 70% co-administration rate. The performance we're seeing on ABRYSVO is truly driven by vaccinations. To your comment about market share, yes, we are seeing a similar market share to what you have just said. That is because, right now, the retail setting is driving a lot of the vaccinations. But don't forget that that's not where all vaccinations are taking place. We also have non-retail settings such as health systems, doctors' offices, those are also being engaged. And those particular settings, Pfizer actually has a leading preference. They are smaller in proportion, but still. So I think we have to look at all channels of the market.  Finally, I think that, just from a momentum perspective, we expect things to continue. The vaccinations really are happening throughout this time now – October, November, December are big vaccination months. From where we are right now, RSV is only 5% of the entire vaccination rate of the eligible populations. So I think that the conclusion is we're very early in the innings of this launch. It's doing better than we thought. But where we are going to be, I think, is a place where there's tremendous opportunity for driving uptake in older adults, but also maternal, which, as you know, we just got the approval for.
Angela Hwang: We continue to feel confident about the peak sales. The reason is that, right now, we have the first set of recommendations, but the ACIP has also told us that we will have the opportunity again to come back next year when we have additional data, which is when we will have the opportunity to look at the schedule or how [indiscernible] are being – the schedule that they're being delivered today. And we'll have an opportunity again to take a look at the benefit of PENBRAYA in this population. So I feel like it's great that we have an opportunity to get out now and to begin vaccinating our teenagers. We'll have a second bite at the apple, which will allow us to achieve our peak sales.
Dave Denton: Obviously, it's a little over 2024. I would just say that, clearly, we had a clearing event as it relates to our COVID expectations for this year. So a lot of that risk is behind us as we think about the balance this year. I do expect that the balance of this year will be very informative, particularly in the US as we think about utilization trends, both for vaccination rates, importantly Paxlovid, here in the US that will allow us to have a better clarity as we cycle into 2024 of the utilization around those specific products, which will still be meaningful to us at an enterprise level.  Clearly, when we get to providing guidance, we'll give you a lot of information beneath that, so you can get a good sense of our – importantly, our non-COVID products which continue to trend very favorably and very well. And we can layer on, I'll say, the optionality associated with our COVID franchise as we cycle into next year.  So, obviously, a lot more to come. We're looking forward to sharing those very specific details after the first of the year.
Dave Denton: Chris, on the cost program, I would not read into the allocation of savings in 2023 as it relates to 2024. Obviously, we have a fairly robust program up and running today. We're working aggressively on those programs and beginning to implement those programs. As we cycle into 2024, we'll give you and the markets specific color on how to think about those cost savings as we wrap into next year.
Dave Denton: But I think what is important is that is if you look at our business, our core business is performing nicely. We continue to make traction. We have obviously a lot of launches that we've completed and still several ahead of us. We're excited about what Seagen could potentially bring to the company as we think about our focus now in oncology. And then importantly, I think we've rebaselined, if you will, the COVID franchises. Think about utilization in the back half of this year and cycle into next year. We will then take a step back and look at what would be prudent as we think about the revenue in totality of this company as we cycle into 2024 and beyond. So I think you look forward to, as we begin going into 2024, those expectation of laying those out specifically.
Chris Boshoff: Obviously, we remain very confident that we will close Seagen towards the end of this year, beginning next year. As you pointed out, there's a significant interest now in ADCs because of the potential that they could replace most of the chemotherapeutics in the future for most cancer types.  Seagen obviously has a significant track record with both the current approved ADCs from the laboratories and, as you've seen, three potential registration phase trials just read out and passed up to Kaiser [indiscernible] but also with the small molecule to Kaiser.  They recently started two Phase 3 studies, one with tisotumab vedotin in combination with pembrolizumab in advanced metastatic, HER2 positive or HER2 low bladder cancer. This is a program that we're very excited about. Already tisotumab received previously breakthrough therapeutic innovation in the US. And they're also just about to start another Phase 3 program in non-small cell lung cancer with the B6A integrin beta-6 antibodies. So we remain very confident in their portfolio and the depth of expertise they're bringing to the development and discovery of ADCs.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you for raising 301. It's a truly monumental data for the field of bladder cancer, and urothelial cancer. And as you pointed out, with overall survival and median –progression-free survival nearly double, moving median overall survival for this population now nearly towards three years, we expect the final data to be above – longer than 31.5 months. So this just reaffirms our belief that antibody drug conjugates could become a standard of care across the treatment paradigm for many, many different tumor types.
Chris Boshoff: That's a very good question. As you know, Seagen pioneered the MMAE auristatin-based payloads, and we see this potential synergy in combination with a PD-1 with [indiscernible]. Although Seagen does have the next generation of ADCs with topo 1 that will enter the clinic this year – next year, we don't know yet if the topo 1s are going to show the similar type of immunogenicity as what appears to happen with the MMAE auristatin based payloads. So I think we're very confident that Seagen has both topo 1 as well as auristatin based payloads in case with topo 1s we do not see what appears [indiscernible].
