Mikael Dolsten: Yes. We are, as Albert said in the oral remarks, doing the dose optimization for PK and formulation to select potential doses for pending data progression to Phase 3 and we expect to share that first quarter.
Mikael Dolsten: Thank you. As you know, we have worked over several decades in optimizing how to expand the number of serotypes while maintaining strong immune responses for as many as possible. We have not disclosed yet how many serotypes we have. We have recently pursued expansion of that next-gen into Phase 2 of both pediatric and adult and look forward to adult data to come quite soon, which will allow us to move swiftly in that indication. We have made significant improvement on existing and new serotypes through new technologies. And that is a deep capability. So it's not just about having the highest number of serotypes. It's really to show the consistency and the data before you can draw any conclusion. So we remain very confident in our ability to defend our leadership position and continue to expand it through these new technology tool bots.
Mikael Dolsten: Yes Yes. As you heard from Albert, danu is the more advanced drug with a large tolerability, safety and efficacy experience. As always, in our projects, we have additional drugs in the same class. It's in Phase 1, performing as expected. We have another mechanism of action that would combine with Oral GLP [ph] such as danu later in development of life cycle. And we have other mechanisms to protect part in kidney that could also be part of an internal medicine, larger cardiometabolic franchise. Thank you.
Mikael Dolsten: Yes, for your questions, we’ll likely present a comprehensive data set on PK after collecting all the data from the two studies, but we are looking into what’s the best way to sharing it timely. We have some of the most aggressive timelines when we agree a protocol with regulatory agency and pending data. And as Albert has said, if that becomes the case that we move forward pending data, you can bet that like every Pfizer program, it will be very fast.
Dave Denton: Yes. So Mohit, just a couple of things. As you recall in my prepared remarks, we are focused on actually launched our manufacturing optimization program, the result of which will begin to yield results in 2025 and to generate over $1.5 billion in savings by 2027. As we think about margin expansion, just given the guidance that I provided for the balance of this year, it would imply that margin – gross margin rates would actually improve versus the low-70s color that we’ve given previously to probably mid-70s at this point in time. We do expect that all these investments, both our cost realignment program and our investments from a manufacturing optimization program are all designed to improve operating margins to get us back to pre-pandemic levels in the near future.
Dave Denton: Yes. And then I would just add to that, as we look at IRA across our platform, first, I think we were very fortunate Pfizer that we had one product selected. And secondly, if you look at the remaining products that are likely to be – that could potentially be selected, they are nearing the end of their patent protection life. So if you think about it from a net present value perspective, the impact on Pfizer is somewhat muted as you think about it economically. I will say this is a piece of legislation that clearly is harmful for supporting research and development in the sector. So we're hopeful that this could be changed in the future, but we will continue to actively manage our way through this.
Dave Denton: So let me just anchor us on a few facts here. First, the cost reduction effort that we currently have initiated is Phase 1 of a multiple-phase program. So this $1.5 billion savings is only a part of – or a piece of the story. We will tell more of the story as we define the program more specifically so you get more clarity on that. Secondly, if you look at the $1.5 billion cost improvement effort, and you think about that on our cost of goods sold platform, where it's probably closer to $16 billion versus $15 billion, this is at anchor point.
Dave Denton: Chris. Given that, for the interest of time let me tell you about Daniel. We have said it multiple times that is going to be PK data right now. We have done with Daniel 1,400 pace, so we feel very comfortable about the profile, we know the product. Right now the question is if we have a formulation that will allow us to take this product into Phase 3 registration enabling studies. We made an announcement because we feel that what we saw from the first round of testing multiple formulations, we felt encouraged that we have several that can deliver and one, but it was the preferred one and it is the one, but because it was the best of all, and now we are going to test it. Also we can speculate if tolerability will be better or not because of once a day compares to twice a day because we don't have the data. But as whis [ph], I said in my prepared remarks for DANUBE, the profile that the DANUBE right now has based on the 1400 patients that we have seen is very competitive both on tolerability and efficacy. With whatever we have seen from others in the oral space so far. And in terms of timing, right now with everything we know we are the only one with 2b data on an oral GLP-1 after, of course, Lilly. So right now for everything we know, we should be the second after Lilly if DANUBE progressed into registration enabling studies. Now let's go to RSV, Aamir.
Dave Denton: And just real quickly, as you think about the guidance, I think your question was, was this, what was driving our improvement and guidance? This was one of many factors because our core business in general is doing quite well and our cost management programs are really taking hold. So this is one of multiple factors that drove that $0.30 raise.
Albert Bourla: Yes. Thank you, Terence, and very good questions. RSV, why don't Aamir and then Alexandre speak about the Royalty? And then Chris, you covered alerts.
Albert Bourla: And I believe, Alexandre, that this year, we got almost 55 countries registered Nurtec in international markets, 55 markets on [indiscernible] 15 received already reimbursement, and we are waiting for the remaining 40 to receive reimbursement. Let's move to the next question.
Albert Bourla: I don't know. They have the decision making, so they will do what they think. I can't comment on that. I know have discussed that thing, but – so I will emphasize once more, if CMS says that that was a big win for them against the pharma industry, what I would say it was the whole law of IRA. It is a very big loss for innovation and for the crown jewel of American industry, which is the Life Science Technology business. But it is what it is. It is the law of the land. And we are doing our best to make sure that we minimize any impact, particularly in the future, because for now, as Dave said, we were probably in the next few years, the NPV [ph] that are at stake for us, It's quite small because most, we were fortunate not to have up to four products selected only one. Next question, please.
Albert Bourla: Thank you. And again, in the interest of time, Steve, for the RSV, when we provided $2 billion was in the frame of a pipeline asset. What is the key potential annually? We don't give once the products are registered, typically projections not even for the next year, not for the peak years, but what I would say if everything – if anything, things have become more promising since the time that we gave this $2 billions, because we were all surprised how much the medical community and the recommended authorities are putting emphasis on the disease. So that's my comment. Sorry I couldn't be more specific to you. Next question, please.
Albert Bourla: Yes. For the next-gen, I’ll make it easy. We announced that we entered into Phase 2 studies, both in pediatric, and so one can calculate, you can't comment how long we take because these are event-driven studies, particularly when you go into Phase 3, right. So we don't know how long that will take, but. And we don't comment at this stage, but let's go to Paxlovid and explain the dynamics, Aamir.
Albert Bourla: Thank you, Dave. And also Vamil, I realized that I misspoke before when I said that it is event-driven, the next-gen. It is not. It's immunogenicity. Also, I can offer another point for you to try to estimate the timelines that next year, we expect to have the regulatory discussions about how the program should look like, and then we will form better understanding when we can have the Phase 3 readout. Next question, please. And I think the last question, operator last question, please. We cannot hear the operator. Sorry for this technical problem. The technician just told me to wait a moment, please. Otherwise we will stop the call here.
Albert Bourla: Yes. And when it comes to, IP right now, it's very difficult, once the product is getting generic, to be able to fight with a new molecule unless you have substantial differentiation. And, VYNDAQEL has tremendous efficacy. So we do not expect that the market will continue being as big, particularly for us, after we see generics entering into it. So thank you for the question. So I want to make some just closing remarks that we had a very strong first half of the year, and we are confident that we will deliver on our full year financial commitments in 2024. We are driving progress with solid execution as we continue to serve patients and grow our business, execution makes the difference. Thank you for your interest in Pfizer, and we hope you have a wonderful.
Aamir Malik: Hey, Terence, it's Aamir. For Abrysvo, I think we are very well positioned going into the fall season in the U.S. for three main reasons. One is contracting. So we've significantly strengthened our contracting position. Many of those decisions were confirmed shortly after the June ACIP and are set to take effect in August, commensurate with the beginning of the season. The second is the ACIP guidance itself, with a recommendation for a single dose for all adults over 75 and those 60 to 74 that are at increased risk. We think that is just clear and strengthens the directive for those who are eligible for a vaccine. And then thirdly, is just Abrysvo itself. We've got great data, including two seasons of durable efficacy data. As Albert alluded to earlier, we have both our current needle free reconstitution kit that is never required to be frozen or thawed, as well as our new active biosystem, which offers many advantages and including 80% storage efficiency, so there's good options for customers. And I will also remind you that there's many healthcare providers and pharmacies that prefer simplifying their vaccine management by having one vaccine for both older adults and maternal, which only a Abrysvo can offer. So the combination of contracting, the ACIP guidance and the value proposition of Abrysvo positions as well in the U.S.
Aamir Malik: Alex, on Nurtec in the U.S., I think there are a number of things that we've done in the first half of the year to strengthen our demand. So we revamp all of our consumer activation efforts. We sharpened the clinical value proposition and how we communicated that, including, but not only limited to the fact that we have an indication for treatment and prevention. We also realigned our field forces to ensure that we're really maximizing activation of both primary care and neurologist providers. And then we made a lot of efforts through the co-pay support and other means to just reduce friction in patients actually getting access to Nurtec once a script is written. And so what you see this quarter for us is a combination of all of those things starting to take effect. So Nurtec TRx was up 28% over the prior year. Revenues were up close to 39% in the U.S. We maintain leadership from a TRx and NRx perspective at 49% and 48% share, respectively. And there were 9,000 new Nurtec writers. So that's about 85% of all new CGRP writers. So as we look forward, we continue to see strength in Nurtec demand. We'll continue to manage the gross to net dynamics of that business, but we are optimistic about where we take it from here.
Aamir Malik: Chris, as you noted, BMS led the discussions with CMS on Eliquis maximum fair price because they are the NDA holder, and they shared their perspective on that process during their earnings call last week. Honestly, we don't have much to add to what they said. We share their view that we have the ability to navigate the impact of IRA on Eliquis. And Eliquis will be an important drug in our portfolio for the foreseeable future.
Aamir Malik: Sure, Kripa. So thanks for the question. I think let me start by just underscoring the interest that we see on maternal vaccination. So when you talk to OB/GYNs, there's a clear preference that they have to vaccinate during pregnancy. And similarly, you hear the same from pregnant mothers. Greater than 60% prefer vaccination versus vaccinating the baby, maternal vaccination. So our launch on maternal did exceed our expectations. So we saw uptake rates through the end of January with about 11% of eligible mothers taking the vaccine. And that is significantly higher than other maternal immunization at the same point in the life cycle. I think key Tdap was less than 2% at the same time. So the other thing I will note is it does require education, as you know. And last year's maternal ACIP recommendation occurred just after the RSV maternal vaccination season began. So this season, we have the benefit of using the first half of the year to invest in that education of both HCPs as well as pregnant women, and we look forward to the season ahead.
Aamir Malik: Yes. So on Prevnar, I’ll just provide context on the U.S. performance dynamics. So the change year-over-year is predominantly a result of lower adult demand due to shrinkage of the opportunity size in that market. And the quarter-to-quarter change that you see is a function of the CDC order timing for pediatric vaccines, which tends to be quite lumpy as well as some of the adult vaccination dynamics of both shrinkage and seasonality. And I think it’s important to continue to think about these two segments very differently in the U.S. So with pediatrics, as Albert had mentioned in his remarks, we exited Q2 with a share of 81%, which is up 71% in August. And then the adult market continues to behave differently in the U.S. in that it is contracting because there are just fewer eligible 65-plus adults and a more difficult-to-activate younger population. And that’s the same population that Merck’s V116 will be launching into.
Aamir Malik: So Chris, what I would say is we are only in the second season now of a expanding market, right. So you had the first season last year, this year with the ACIP recommendation. As I mentioned earlier, we think that that provides clarity and it strengthens the need for those identified in the recommendation to get a vaccine. And we've had another six months plus of opportunity to educate HCPs as well as consumers, and we see growing relevancy and urgency of people to vaccinate. So we do think that the opportunity set expands.
Aamir Malik: Sure. So Steve, on VYNDA maybe what's going on now and then what's to come with competition. So VYNDA is continuing to grow at a very healthy clip. This is a result of multiple factors, a very important one of which is we focused on expanding our HCP base that we're targeting as well as really investing in diagnosing and identifying patients. Diagnosis remains the biggest unmet need in this condition because there's almost half of patients that are still undiagnosed. So we do see a lot of growth opportunity in VYNDA. Now for this year it may not continue as the same clip that we've seen in Q1 and Q2, because we had a big bolus of enrollment patients in the beginning of the year, partially as a result of some of the IRA reforms, and the incremental diagnoses become harder and harder to find. But we do expect continued growth with VYNDAQEL. As far as competition, there's still a lot that needs to be understood exactly about the competitors, their data, their profile, what actions they're going to take. But what I will say is that we obviously welcome more treatment options for patients, but there's a lot that we're very confident in with VYNDA. There's a body of clinical evidence that includes five-year follow-up clinical trial data, and real world evidence including statistically significant mortality and CV hospitalization data that is in our label, as well as quality of life benefits that we think continue to position VYNDA well. But of course, with competition coming in, we will take that into consideration and provide further guidance as things evolve.
Aamir Malik: Yes. So for Pax in the U.S., you pointed to the momentum in Q1, which I'll remind you was a combination of both the true-up as well as ongoing utilization that was very high given the wave of COVID infection. What happened then is in the first half of Q2 infections were low. And the very clear trend that we see with Paxlovid is when there is a COVID infection wave, we have healthy Paxlovid utilization. So starting in May, all the way through June, there was increased COVID infection waves and our Paxlovid utilization followed. So we had about 35,000 treatment courses a week in April and May, peaking to about 100,000 in June. So we have seen continued utilization. Now it is trickier for the wholesalers and end customers to manage utilization around the disease. That's a little bit unpredictable. So we did enter Q2 with higher than normal inventory levels, but the wave of utilization that we've seen in Q2 has helped normalize those inventory levels. And all of this dynamic combined with the fact that we've built a commercial model to successfully get Paxlovid to those who need it, including very healthy coverage with commercial payers, 90% of pharmacies across the U.S. already participating in our USG PAP program, and a simplified model for delivering that PAP program to patients when there is a COVID infection wave. We're confident about Paxlovid utilization.
Aamir Malik: Hey, Evan. So, a bit as I mentioned earlier, yes, we do expect to see continued growth momentum for VYNDA in the back half of this year and going forward for the reasons I described earlier. It may not be at the level that we saw in the first half of the year because of the Q1 bolus of patients, but the combination of what we're doing in terms of physician expansion, investment in driving diagnosis, and tailwinds from IRA reform do give us conviction around short term VYNDAQEL growth.
Alexandre de Germay: Yes, Terence, good question on Abrysvo. We are making great progress as well on the international fronts following the approval, remember, in the second half of 2023 in Europe and in the UK. We already are progressing nicely with vaccine technical committee recommending positively Abrysvo. So we got positive recommendation in the UK, in France, in Canada, in Australia and several other markets and in Saudi Arabia as well. So we are moving very nicely. Delighted that actually UK authority have selected Abrysvo for RSV prevention in older adults as well as in maternal immunization for pediatric for the next two years with an option of additional two years. And we also were selected in Canada specifically also for adult vaccination.
Alexandre de Germay: Yes. On the international front, we also have expanded access and the numbers of countries that we have introduced the product. As you know, the growth that you see in the second quarter versus the first quarter of 2024 is really the effect of the introduction of Nurtec in China at the beginning of this quarter. As of today, we have Nurtec reimbursed in 15 countries, including some of our key markets like UK, Spain. And what we see is once we get reimbursement, we had a significant uplift of the demand. And so our focus now is to increase access and reimbursement in some of our key markets. Moving forward, we see significant growth behind Nurtec. And the reason behind that is there is to the international level, less than half of the diagnosed patients that are treated with prescription medicine. So that's why we think we have an opportunity with Nurtec.
Alexandre de Germay: Yes, very, very few points. Just to say that following the approval, we also have great progress on the vaccine technical committee on vaccination in maternal in the UK we receive positive recommendation as well as in France, in Australia, Belgium, Austria, Argentina, so many other, including an interesting one, which is the power for Latin America. And now we are progressing into access – final access into those markets.
Alexandre de Germay: International, as you see first quarter, second quarter together for the first half, we grew by 2%, and this is in line with our expectation. What we see is, of course, we are going to capitalize on the very strong franchise that we are in Prevnar 13 with 140 exclusive NIP around the globe. And so as we get Prevnar 20 pediatric we are going to launch this product and switch from 13 to 20. Now in adults, it’s a very interesting dynamic because in adults, our vaccination was in Europe and outside of the country is quite limited. Now that we see Prevnar 20 registered and validated by VTC, we see significant pickup. And let me give you an example. In Germany, we got VTC recommendations for 60 and above, all-comers and at risk, from 18 to 59. And there, in Germany, since the beginning of the year, we see significant growth. We see that we will have similar trends in other major markets in Europe.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you for the question on Elrexfio. As you saw, we recently demonstrated the updated median overall survival data for Elrexfio in the intent to treat 123 patient population in the late-line disease, where we see an overall survival of 24.3 months, which we believe is differentiated. Elrexfio also have a differentiated profile in terms of the safety profile as well as other factors including subcutaneous administration, flat non-weight-based dosing and a flexible dosing regimen overall. We've now launched in 16 countries and in fact in Japan, we were the first to launch and it's early days. We've also recently got approval in the EU and UK. In the U.S., total demand is plus 40% growth sequentially quarter-over-quarter and early next year or during 2025, you'll see the readouts for the bigger opportunities, which is MagnetisMM-5 in the double-class exposed population and then later in the year, potentially MagnetisMM-32, which is post-CD38. So overall, we remain confident that we've got a very differentiated molecule that could become a backbone across the continuum of care for multiple myeloma.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you for the question. We’re very pleased that in this quarter, as you’ve seen, we printed just shy of $400 million for Padcev with sequential quarter-over-quarter growth of 15%. Based on the claims data through the end of May, we are seeing U.S. first-line share increasing into the low 50% range. And as you know, the next opportunity is obviously in muscle invasive bladder cancer with two ongoing studies being conducted by Merck, which can expand the population to an additional 28,000 addressable patients. So overall, we are seeing that Padcev with pembrolizumab is becoming entrenched in the first-line setting as the standard of care and future studies, including future nectin-targeted medicines, radioligands or ADCs will likely have to do studies against Padcev plus pembrolizumab in the first-line setting, which could be challenging.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you very much for the question on KAT6. KAT6 is a first in category medicine. We’re very proud that this medicine was conceptualized and discovered at our laboratories in Ohio. As you’ve seen with the most recent data, objective response rate over 35% durable responses and well tolerated. We therefore plan to initiate a Phase 3 program over the next six months, and you’ll learn more about that. But thank you for the question. We’re also excited about KAT6.
