David Denton: This is Dave. Correct. Our guidance for gross margin, although we don't provide it specifically, we give us some color around the fact that it's approximately 70%. Obviously, our focus going forward is to improve our margin rate and more importantly, improve our operating margin rate to the bottom-line. As we look here at 2024, there's a few things that have compressed our margin rate. First is, as COVID has declined year-over-year, that has served to, I'll say, delever, if you will, the P&L as COVID takes up and cover some fixed overhead. But importantly, what's happening is we are in sourcing products that we've recently acquired. That in sourcing requires time before we get up to peak yield and performance so that in the short-term, dampens gross margin rate, but has a trajectory to improve gross margin rate over time. And then secondly, we have new launches that are coming online late in Q3 -- late in the second half of 2023 and moving into '24. Again, those are not at peak performance yet. That will ultimately improve gross margin rate as we cycle into later years. And then finally, I will say that over the last several years, we have absorbed some amount of inflation within our cost of goods sold. That is an area of opportunity for us as we think about improving performance longer term. So I hope that gives you some color.
David Denton: Sure. Probably not much to read into that. Obviously, R&D came in a little favorable than our expectations previously. Part of this is the fact that we are very focused on our -- realigning our cost base so consistent with the program. And then secondly, there probably is some timing that's dampening R&D in the fourth quarter that will slide into 2024 and into 2025. So there is some timing implications to that performance level. But I think importantly, back to my prepared remarks is our focus is on delivering net savings of $4 billion. And if you look through the end of 2023, about half of that we've achieved already. We're now focused on achieving the additional $2 billion or so as we cycle into 2024, and all eyes are on that objective.
David Denton: Yes. So on etrasimod, keep in mind that this product, we still anticipate to be over $1 billion in peak sales. As you know, there are multiple indications attributed to this medicine. And financially, as you look at that medication, there were additional indications that met the financial criteria for an impairment of which we took in the quarter. Clinically, obviously, clinically, there's still some work that will be ongoing in support of the asset. So with that...
David Denton: So David, this is Dave, and I'll be very brief here. Obviously, we've indicated our '24 gross margin expectations are in the low 70s as we discussed previously. As you know, as we cycle into '24, there's a few things that are happening, as I indicated earlier. One is, as COVID comes down, we're kind of deleveraging as COVID had absorbed a lot of fixed overhead. So that's compressing gross margins. Secondly, we're in the process of in-sourcing many of the acquired products over the last couple of years. And as we in-source, the short-term effect of that is dampening on gross margin, which gives us an opportunity to improve gross margins as yields improve over time. And then finally -- or two things finally here is new launches have that same characteristic, as we launch a new product, yields and performance in -- are not at peak performance. That will be an opportunity for us going forward. And then finally, we have absorbed some inflation over time that is an opportunity for us to take out over the next several periods. So again, an opportunity for us to enhance performance over time. But again, we're in this roughly low 70s for 2024 is our expectation.
David Denton: No, I think you're absolutely correct. Mid- to high 30s is a reasonable target for us, with a slight caveat in the sense that the vaccine program, Comirnaty, has a shared, as you know, gross margin level with our partner. And so that’s dampening to gross margins and operating profit. So I’ll say, slightly mix adjusted for that product. And then from a progression standpoint, yes, you can think about this as a gradual steady improvement story over the next several periods.
David Denton: Yes. So maybe on the margin discussion, obviously, what we've said is we have invested pretty substantially in our business over the past couple of years. So largely, the investment phase at least from a business development standpoint is behind us. We have work to invest to improve performance going forward, but the big dollars are already invested now. It's an execution story and a continued improvement story. So you should expect that to occur over the next several periods. Obviously, the higher the revenue, the better performance because you get to leverage your fixed costs. So clearly, the higher those revenue targets and achievements happen, the better improvement from a margin perspective you should expect from us. And then from a capital allocation perspective, I think you said it right. We are, at the moment, focused on executing our plan, focused on supporting our dividend growth over time, but importantly, beginning to delever as we cycle into an integration of assets. And then from a priority standpoint, clearly, we've made a significant investment in oncology. You should expect us to put the investment thesis behind that franchise going forward. Clearly, that's number one at this point.
Aamir Malik: Yes. So Louise, with regards to Prevnar, with the pediatric business, we often see some lumpiness in quarterly revenues, given the timing and impact of CDC orders, so it's difficult to kind of map that all out quarter by quarter. So you should expect that on the pediatric business. But the pediatric business, otherwise, we're very happy with how our launch is progressing and the growth momentum that we see there. On the adult business, I think it's different in the sense that we have a 96% market share that we closed the adult business with at the end of the year. But it's really important to keep in mind that we are operating in a market where the patient pool is steadily decreasing. There was a big catch-up opportunity versus the prior recommendation, and we've worked through that catch-up opportunity already. So the remaining patients are generally those that are aging into the 65-plus population as well as those with underlying medical conditions, and those are harder to activate patients. So we expect that business to continue to face that smaller patient population going forward. And we also expect competition with V116 emerging that will make the adult market more competitive, but we see a lot of growth potential in the pediatric market.
Aamir Malik: Sure. So I'll start with etrasimod or VELSIPITY as we call it. So just in terms of the product value proposition, we think this is a very promising oral option for moderate to severe UC patients. It's got strong efficacy that patients and physicians we've exposed this to. They want to start transitioning from conventional therapy to advanced therapy. And it gives them an option also to maintain once-a-day oral routine, which many are already on instead of beginning with an injection or infusion. So about 80% of those patients that haven't progressed to an advanced therapy prefer an oral option, but only about 10% of those patients actually get one. So there's a very clear need here that VELSIPITY can help us fit. And the benefit risk profile for VELSIPITY is also very, very strong. So we approved -- we received approval at the end of last year. And so we've invested efforts in building HCP and patient awareness on the label and on the value proposition. But I just want to remind you that with any immuno-inflammatory product, it takes time to get broad national access. And that is where our focus is right now is ensuring that we secure VELSIPITY access as a first-line advanced therapy oral option, and that's going to take some time to put in place. And when we have that in place, we see upside momentum from the launch.
Aamir Malik: On Abrysvo, I'll comment briefly on the adult and then on the maternal. On the adult vaccine, I think the market was clearly ahead of everyone's expectations and not limited by shared clinical decision-making versus a routine recommendation. We would like to do better than the 30-some percent share that you referred to as well. So we're very focused going forward on retail contracting for the '24, '25 season. But I will also mention that we are doing that with real thoughtfulness on ensuring that we secure a profitable share in those contracts and also differentiating using our maternal indication. We also see opportunities in the non-retail setting, where for example, with the system and with IDNs, we have strong share. And we're going to also focus on new opportunities that we're currently studying with Abrysvo, adults aged 18 and older with underlying medical conditions as well as a new packing presentation to better fit our customer needs. So we see momentum there. And on the maternal side, we're only a few months in, but we're encouraged by what we're seeing as the first maternal vaccine to prevent infants from birth to six months when they are the most vulnerable. More than 65% of women prefer to get the maternal vaccine versus having their infant immunized with a monoclonal antibody. And we think that the label provides us opportunity to grow that segment as well.
Aamir Malik: So Tim, as you can appreciate, this whole price setting authority in Medicare, this is new and pharma companies obviously beginning to understand this process of the federal government. The rules are complicated, so we’re wrapping our mind around it. Our alliance partner, BMS, is taking lead and engaging with CMS and an official process to determine the price for Eliquis in Part D that will begin in January 1, 2026. And also, as I’m sure you can appreciate, we’re not going to comment on an ongoing price-setting process and negotiation.
Aamir Malik: Yes. So Andrew, I'll take a step back and let me start by saying, I've been very excited about this role and this opportunity. And also to do it with the team that we've built, which is a mix of both seasoned Pfizer leaders as well as experienced leaders from outside of Pfizer. I mean, my focus and we can talk about specific products, we've touched on many of them already. But my focus overall is on execution excellence, right? So in our primary care and specialty care portfolio, we have a lot of great brands. We have some really enduring franchises, VYNDA, Eliquis, Prevnar. I spent quite a bit of time talking about that. Our focus there is to defend and grow where we can and we do see some opportunities. And we also have to acknowledge that we have some brands that have great value propositions, but they happen to be in highly competitive categories with some very, very well entrenched competitors. So in a situation like that, my focus is principally, let's really prioritize the actions that can grow each of the brands and we can talk about the individual launches. There's a lot of operational focus on blocking and tackling, including contracting. And then when we look at our main resources, we have our field force, our advertising and promotion dollars and our medical capabilities just prioritizing exactly where we put those. That is what I'm focused on with me and my management team. And as I mentioned, we see opportunities in some of the core franchises and defending and growing our share but then also in a number of our launches. And Albert mentioned in his opening remarks what we hope and expect to do with Abrysvo, with Nurtec, with Litfulo, with Sabinko. Those are all brands that we're going to continue to focus on, including some of our recent acquisitions like Oxbryta as well.
Aamir Malik: So Mohit, thanks for the question. So we were encouraged by Q4 for Nurtec, and I'll also include some comments on ZAVZPRET as part of my response. We were up more than 30% versus the prior year and 20% -- over 20% versus the prior quarter. And there's a few things that are encouraging. Nurtec continues to be the number one prescribed CGRP, so we have leading TRx volume and share. Interestingly, more than 90% of new prescribers in the category, many of whom are primary care physicians are prescribing Nurtec. And our pills per Rx has also, over the last several quarters, been steadily writing. So we continue to see opportunity. And there's a few things to keep in mind. One is, there's still a lot of unmet need. Albert referred to it in his written remarks. But there's a lot of patients undiagnosed. Very few get an Rx therapy. Oral CGRPs are still only less than 20% of the Rx market. But as you point out, this is also a very competitive category with Qulipta and Ubrelvy. And I won't comment specifically on their pricing strategies versus ours and GTMs play a role in all of it. But our focus for Nurtec, one, I think we want to be sharper and more competitive in our patient engagement and activation. Two, we have an opportunity with our field force to focus on both the most relevant CGRP writers, and as I said, PCPs. PCPs write two-thirds of triptans but only about a little over one-third of CGRP so there's an opportunity there. And then patient access and experience, there's an opportunity to really reduce the friction there. And I will also mention ZAVZPRET because with an intranasal, we think we can have a very nice complement to an oral for either rapid pain relief, and there's also an unmet need for patients that have nausea and vomiting from the use of an oral. So we want to continue to invest in growing our Nurtec and ZAVZPRET franchise.
Aamir Malik: Okay. So Chris, there's a lot in what you asked. Firstly, on the $25 billion goal that we put out there, I'll just remind that we guided to $20 billion for what we plan on getting to by 2030 for the deals that we had done. And I would also just remind you that the $25 billion was a 2030 goal, so there is lots of time between now and 2030 to achieve that goal, consistent with our capital allocation priorities that Dave described. On your second question, I mean, to be honest, yes, everyone's got a wish list, but my focus is on exactly what I described right now and what we talked about as a management team, which is delivering value from our launches and delivering value from the deals that we've done. So that's where my focus is. Now lastly, in terms of FTC, it’s not appropriate for us to comment on what the FTC is going to do or not do. But what I can say is that we feel very good about how we have operated with all regulators in all regulatory sites across the world to get done all the deals that we did. And I think that just speaks to our patient-centric approach and our collaborative nature with regulator.
Aamir Malik: Yes. So Evan, with regards to Oxbryta and then I'll comment on the acquisition as well since you referred to that. We're pleased with the U.S. performance. Q4 was up 30% over the prior year and 14% over the prior quarter. The prescription trends are very solid. We've made a lot of investments in customer-facing teams since we made that acquisition. So we like the momentum that we're seeing in the U.S., and we expect to see more. Right now, the rest of the world is a very small part of Oxbryta revenue and that is something that will take time to develop and we'll obviously look at that appropriately. And as you think about the GBT acquisition, it's important to look at Oxbryta, but I also would remind you that we're also very excited about GBT601, which we expect can bring a lot of value in addition to Oxbryta. Some of it will -- if it's successful from a clinical and regulatory perspective, some sales will be cannibalized, but there will also be room for Oxbryta in the market to continue to grow. So when you look at the combination of the momentum in the U.S., an opportunity that's yet to be developed outside the U.S. and 601, where we presented great data at ASH in December, we think that there's a lot of value to be gained from this acquisition.
Alexandre de Germay: Yes. Louise, good question. As you know, the majority of our ex-U.S. business is driven by tender. And of course, we book the sales when we ship the product. It doesn't reflect utilization. And then the government schedule their campaign in their respective markets. The reality is that we continue to have an IP exclusivity in 130 markets around the world. And at the same time, we continue to progress both on the pediatric, as you saw last week, the CHMP positive opinion, and now we're going to go into the final approval and then vaccine technical committees and pricing in all those markets, so that will take a bit of time. But at the same time, we see some positive traction on the adult franchise, where we have launched in over 30 markets. And we see some very good developments with the recommendation of the Vaccine Technical Committee. To give you an example, we used to have very limited access on our Prevnar 13 in country like Germany or France and UK. And we just received a recommendation from the VTC in Germany that actually recommended usage of Prevnar 20 in old adults over 60 as well as at-risk population from 18 to 59, which we believe we have a significant growth opportunity in increasing vaccination in the adult population ex-U.S.
Alexandre de Germay: That's why there are several elements playing out on the Comirnaty franchise. First, what we see is restrictions on vaccination guidelines, right? So versus the previous years, we see that the guidelines are really focusing on the older population as well as the at-risk population. But we have, as you know, already signed several contracts with the European Commission, Canada, UK and Australia. And following the approval in August last year, we started to execute on our contract with the European countries. As a matter of fact, some countries have decided to advance some of their order in 2024 into 2023 so that they can execute their activation campaign properly. The other trend that we see is that actually, we don't see major vaccination uptakes in the future year. We think that what we have seen in 2023, 2024 campaign is really the type of acceleration we will see, and that will be carried on the next few years. The only area where there is a potential future growth in terms of vaccination uptake is, if we can increase our co-administration with the flu vaccines where in all our key markets, the rate of vaccination in flu is actually higher than it is for Comirnaty. So we believe that there is potentially here an opportunity. The last point that I want to say is, as you see that the Comirnaty self-pattern is evolving towards a seasonal pattern. So you saw you have a very strong Q4, like you expect in flu vaccination type of markets. And that’s what we see also to be expected in 2024. And actually, as I was reading some of your models in the financial community, I think there is some confusion that we will have higher Q1, Q2, which I believe will be more towards the second part of the year, but of course, in line with the guidance.
Alexandre de Germay: Thanks for the question, Albert, and the opportunity to share my priorities. My main focus is really to focus on the area where we can generate material growth with improved return on investment. This is my mantra. How are we going to do that? My top four markets in the order, China, Japan, Germany, and France represents 40% of our international divisions. So it's quite concentrated. Those four markets will report directly to me so that we can have the resources and support the country to execute on their plan at best and to generate the most growth. Our top 15 country represents 70% of our total international. So it's, again, quite concentrated. What I'm actually doing currently is in each of those markets, we are selecting drivers of growth. What are the key in-line and the key new products where we can have material impact with improved return investment? So I give you an example, of course, is going to be different from one country to the other because the archetype and the dynamic of those markets are different. So last week, I was in Japan. And so for instance, Vyndaqel, diagnosis rate is half the diagnosis rate that we have in the U.S. and in France. So we reviewed last week the plan to go and catch those increased diagnosis rate. And we're going to continue to, of course, track on execution. In Germany, Eliquis has a very strong Eliquis franchise. We believe we have got untapped opportunity. And I'm next week in Germany to actually review the plan on the Eliquis precisely. And we'll do the same thing on the new product. And it's going to be, for instance, LORBRENA in China. As you know, lung cancer in China is unfortunately affecting a large proportion of the population. And as a matter of fact, the proportion of the lung cancer that can benefit from LORBRENA in the worldwide community is about 1.7%. In China, it's actually 7%. So we believe we have a huge opportunity. What are we doing is actually developing a plan, last week when I was visiting China, to quickly get LORBRENA to those patients that could benefit from the clinical outcome. So this is really what I'm doing in each of our top 15 countries. Then frankly, the rest of the year will be simply tracking our execution, tracking all the metrics both from activities, medical activities and KPIs for each of our key products.
Mikael Dolsten: Yes, I'm very pleased that the fourth generation has entered clinical studies. It has a Fast Track designation from U.S. FDA, indicating a unique product offering. And it includes some of the new technology we have developed that gives us a really cutting-edge tool box, whether it's chemistry carriers or reformulations. And of course, it relies on the unique Pfizer platform to have potential prevention of both invasive disease, which is the smaller disease burden and pneumococcal disease, which causes more than 150,000 hospitalizations. And to the best of my knowledge, we are the only one that can address both of them. So we feel very good about that entry.
Mikael Dolsten: Yes. I think we have a very strong position with good momentum in the PCB conjugate. And I think Alexandre, you mentioned just the positive recommendation we got for PCB 20 in Europe. Now we're building on that unique platform. And as Andrew did say here, we are able, what you call, grandfather in unique claims for the higher segment for penumococcal pneumonia. It's really the major burden with 150,000 U.S. hospitalizations. And to the best of our knowledge, the Pfizer platform with a new fourth generation, as was with the third generation, will be the only one that can that claim based on, as you said, the original CAPiTA studies. Now the new generation will contain more serotypes, has applicability for adults and possibly pediatric as we have done with all of ours. And it also will include improvement on existing serotypes to, all together, get a very good increased coverage versus the PCV20. And I do think we are the one that really can continue this expansion of more serotypes, but you need communication chemistry to carry some reformulations. And I am cautious to abandon Neseritide where you work on infant and adults as the characterization what caused disease, for example, pneumonia is not very well described, so maintaining the coverage as we have uniquely and it's not really happening with the other product is a unique differentiation. So I feel very good about the fourth generation.
Mikael Dolsten: Yes, you heard Albert say that we are running a number of clinical experiments to garner insight in that molecule, and we have a second lift. Pfizer has always been open to consider different types of clinical study design. And in general, we tend to move into directly whenever data is supportive, if there is a large safety database into Phase 3 with a lead-in phase. But we have to look at each program by program. So when we have all the data, we will be able to share with you.
Mikael Dolsten: We continue to accumulate important RSV data and expansion of how the -- this important vaccine can be used. So you should expect this first half of the year, likely Q2, that we share more from our clinical trials, including full second season but also expansion in traditional age groups, as you can know, on clintrial.gov, we have active trials, and we think that will very nicely allow high-risk groups across a large age span to be addressed.
Albert Bourla: Thank you, Mikael. So to summarize the Prevnar, which I know it is in the minds of all, let's start with the commercial front. In the U.S., clearly, the adult opportunity, we have taken the cream basically of the catch-up opportunity. This is happening once you are getting a recommendation from CDC for a catch-up. This market, the pool of patients has been largely exhausted. We have already 96% market share of that. So this is not a market, the adult now that we expect that will continuously grow in the U.S. Pediatric, very different story because our market share is now growing, and we have indications that we'll continue growing very strongly. So we expect in the U.S., the Prevnar situation to be a strong growth story in pediatrics. International, both, we expect to see growth because the products have just been launched, and then the recommendations are following. So there is a delay in international higher than usually there is in the U.S. So we expect to see growth in adult and pediatrics. I want to reemphasize that we have basically exclusivity of Prevnar 13 in more than 100 countries, 113 countries in of tenders. And we plan to convert that now to 20. And then on the fourth generation, we are moving full speed. We think that our expertise will allow us to build a polyvalent vaccine that will really compete very, very nicely as a fourth generation and will do that successfully and fast. So that's the story and let's move to the next question, please.
Albert Bourla: Yes, it’s very difficult to comment on these things because they are ongoing. So it’s very inappropriate and absolutely could complicate things. I understand that there is a need for people to understand because that’s an important product. And we will try as soon as possible and practical to be able to provide the level of details that we are looking at everybody is looking so that we can model it appropriately.
Albert Bourla: Thank you very much, Andrew. Your assumption, I don't think it is correct, but Mikael will answer that. But let's first go to Aamir to basically give us a view how you see in '24 the priorities of the commercial execution in the U.S.
Albert Bourla: Thank you, Chris. And then let's go to Mikael Dolsten, if you can make some comments on the next generation as much as you can share about sales.
Albert Bourla: Yes. Steve, I'm going to disappoint you because you are asking things that we have said we are not willing to disclose at this stage for multiple reasons. Clearly, on Danu, we have more information than is very normal with everything that we are doing because we're having a very complicated, as I said, multiple experiments plan right now. But because we don't have new data, we're not going to comment on that. And on the new weight loss molecule also, we said that unfortunately, we are not going to disclose the mechanism of action. The reason is because, first of all, it's too early. We don't want to keep competition, nothing strange about that. So I'm sorry to disappoint you but there is not much to offer at this stage. Hopefully, as we said, mid-year is where we expect to have more information on that.
Albert Bourla: And David, let me add a little bit more color here, but the Comirnaty and Paxlovid are big products, but they are manufactured in the same facilities, but they are separate facilities so they are not affecting the margins of the other products. So the margins were really absorbing in those facilities when you had such a huge volume production and value reduction, of course, the margins were seriously -- those products are seriously taking a lot of the overhead. Now, as we are reducing our expectations for COVID into very realistic within targets, this doesn't mean that we have eliminated our capacity to produce more if the demand is there because that would be not responsible, first of all, from a public health perspective but also from our investors' money perspective. So that's why so far, we maintain all this capacity although the revenues are down. So there's a significant. The second thing that David said, keep in mind, all basically our new acquisitions that brought so many new products, they were from smaller relative companies. They didn't really have their own manufacturing. So these were all outsourced and outsourced, of course, is way more expensive than when you are able to bring it. There are plans for everything, in-source, but in manufacturing, that takes three years, right, to be able to reduce the margin. And the last but not least, we have disproportional amount of new loans. And those new loans are coming with a very big cost when you build infrastructure or something new to be developed, but of course, you build it for your PIK revenues. But of course, you start with very low revenues and then those are going up. So as the infrastructure is there, but then higher revenue for these new products are coming, it’s always the case with new products, but margins are expected. So it’s not something about gross margins. You can see it in months. You see it in years the improvement. But clearly, this is an area that we know why it’s happening what’s happening and how we can improve it.
Albert Bourla: And I would add that following the oncology, where clearly, we have right now the biggest part of our R&D expenses and we have a significant also part of our SI&A expenses. The other areas that we are putting a lot of emphasis when it comes to reserve, clearly, vaccines, it's vaccines and we plan to have significant productivity. In internal medicines, our metabolic franchise, it is an area that we are very excited. Obesity is part of that. We do believe that obesity is a big market and it's growing. And we do believe that Pfizer has the capabilities that allows us to play and win in that area. So that's an area that we will continue investing. Immune inflammation, we have significant investments is the other area. And of course, we have -- we are among the few that they have antiviral and on the effective still investments. So those are the areas that we will put money in, oncology, number one, then vaccines, metabolic diseases, immuno-inflammation antivirals are the ones that we are continuing to invest in.
Albert Bourla: Thank you very much. Aamir, why don't you take the question? By the way, let me clarify that Aamir's responsibility includes COVID revenue. So go ahead, Aamir.
Albert Bourla: Look, Aamir, why don’t you take the -- is it the Prevnar expectations? We don’t comment on what the expectations of the Street are, right? So are we -- and I think we gave a very good, let’s say, high-level trajectory how we see this market. In the U.S., the adult opportunity, it is mainly as always in with the adult, a catch-up opportunity. So where you come, you have a pool of all the people that are eligible, but some of them would choose to make the vaccine. Usually, that happens in the first year and maybe a little bit then on the second year. We have exhausted, I think, this opportunity with a 96% market share. So right now, I don’t think that we will see in the U.S. in the adult huge opportunity. Merck competition is coming into that. So this is not a very big growth area for us because, as I said, this is not where we plan to do it. It’s huge when you launch them very quickly, goes down because then it is just the people that we are really graduate, they are going into this cohort in terms of age. The big opportunity is pediatric because it is four doses, it's not one. And because it is a huge cohort every year, way bigger the cohort of newborns than people that are becoming 65. So that’s how we should see it. So there is nothing much to add into that.
Albert Bourla: Yes. And I would add, it is the same exactly with the GBT acquisition. When we did the acquisition, we announced our projections for year 2030. Since then, things have improved in terms of our confidence to deliver these numbers. And I'm not talking only that Oxbryta is performing exactly as we thought it would, but the most important upside is that we had data that we didn't have when we made the acquisition on the 601 but has the potential to become a transformative therapy in the sickle cell and really, really brings to the next step change if that thing -- if the Phase 3, let's say, reconfirms the Phase 2 results. So also over there, I think what we announced, we feel now we're more confident but we should be able to achieve and hopefully exceed. So with that, I think we start to end the call. In summary, we are optimistic about the year ahead. We have defined our five key priorities that will keep us focused. And I repeat again, this will be a year of execution. I have a sample, a team, that are handy that I believe are the absolutely right leaders to execute. And I know that the whole world was impressed with the way that we executed our COVID strategies, how we were able to execute on the R&D front, on the manufacturing front and on the commercial front with two products, the vaccine with the highest market share, and with the product in oral antiviral. We plan to repeat the same execution excellence level as we are building oncology leadership, as we are progressing the next wave of our pipeline, as we are maximizing the performance of all these new launches that have happened, as we execute our cost realignment program starting this year with SI&A, but also which you will see the results. But of course, the program to improve the gross margin that you won't see results now because it takes long but we started now as we speak, and laser focus in maximizing value for shareholders with the way that we allocate our capital. The team is there to make sure that this will happen, and I think we should meet again in three months, and we will see how we are progressing against those stated goals. Thank you very much, all. Bye-bye.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you, Andrew, Albert. Our biggest priority right now is obviously continuity of the business. We've done a lot of work during the last nine months during integration planning. And we don't want to miss a peak and it's now moving towards flawless execution with immediate priorities, obviously, the PADCEV launch for advanced/metastatic bladder cancer from the EV-302 study, the launch of XTANDI in non-metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer from the EMBARK trial, the early launch, and also focus on access and awareness during 2024 for Abrysvo in late-line multiple myeloma. And for TALZENNA where up to 25% of patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer would be eligible in the U.S. for the -- from the indication.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you. So with the modalities we want to focus on for now are those where we see we have significant strength and capabilities, including with medicinal chemistry, our protein engineering as well as our strength in cancer biology. We therefore want to focus on small molecules, especially from our La Joya site, bispecifics, both La Joya and the new Seattle site and ADCs in Seattle. So small molecules, biologics. As you know, we do have an interest also in allogeneic CAR T cells with the formation of Allogene, the company we still follow and have a significant interest in. But we're now focused on those three modalities where we see significant opportunity also for combinations, for example, doing small molecules, ADCs, but also potentially in the future between ADCs and bispecific.
Chris Boshoff: Thank you very much for the question. So the immediate readouts for this year, second half 2024 will be the [indiscernible] in second-line hormone receptor positive metastatic breast cancer, the VERITAC-2 study, also second half 2024. We expect to anticipate results from BREAKWATER, very important indication, up to 12% of colorectal cancer with BRAFTOVI in first-line BRAF CRC. The new study starting right now is CDK4, B6A and dasitumab in Phase 3 programs and then also later this year for ECH2. Those will appear in clinicaltrials.gov and primary completion dates beyond 2025 and 2026, but obviously, there could be interim results with earlier results.
