John W. Prosser: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will go through a brief overview of our financial highlights for the quarter and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to go through the business overview and outlook. If you go to Slide 4, our third quarter financial highlights. We did report that we had earnings per share of $0.83 on net earnings of $108.9 million. These were very good earnings. There were a couple of key factors for the quarter. We did see a pickup in revenues, primarily related to activity on our field services markets, which did have a little bit of an impact on our margins, but we also had a very good quarter in controlling our G&A cost. We -- they were actually down slightly from the prior quarter and that was including about a $5 million amount for due diligence cost that were incurred during the quarter. That had an impact of about $0.02 per share. So with those activities, we think the quarter overall was very good. And that due diligence activity, we expect to continue certainty into the fourth quarter and possibly beyond. Looking at our backlog, it increased nicely up to $17.2 billion. The book-to-bill ratio for the trailing 12 months was 1.14, which continues to be on a nice growth track. The balance sheet continues to be strong with a cash position of $1.3 billion. Our net cash was $850 million, which is up of about $135 million from the prior quarter. With the results, we did continue our guidance at the $3.00 to $3.50 range. With that, I point to the -- the midpoint of that range is kind of what we always see as the most probable, which would be $3.25. If you turn on to the next slide, Slide 5, just a track of our earnings history. While we didn't quite get back up to our peak on the net earnings, we are within $1 million of that. So I look forward to possibly getting better. Because of continued share issuance, our EPS has not recovered quite as much, but it still had a bit on a very nice growth track since we kind of hit the bottom of the effects of the recession in 2010. And while we are quite at the 15% long term compounded growth rate that we focus on, we are hovering very close to it and expect to get back onto that track as we go through '14 and beyond. Looking at Slide 6, which is the consolidated backlog. Again, nice growth over last year and over last quarter, both good growth in both field services and professional services. So it's a continued growth across the whole business spectrum, not just field services, which had really been sustaining us for a number of years or prior to just this last 4 or 5 quarters that we started to see the field services start to pick back up. So with that, I will now turn it over to Craig Martin to go through growth strategies and give the business overview.
John W. Prosser: Over the last few years, our revenue has been about 60%-40%. 60% U.S., 40% outside of U.S. So Canada would be out there. Our revenue is a little misleading because if you look at the headcount, the headcount is more in line with about 50-50 because of the services that we certainly do a lot more construction here in the U.S. and maintenance activities here in the U.S. So I think we're not going to see over the short term, big changes in those mixes unless we continue to have impact from acquisitions and such. But because of the strong activities in the chemicals markets, particularly in the refining here in North America, the revenue balance will probably stay somewhere about the same. Although I think you'll see maybe the headcount moving a little bit more international just because it will be more of a service-oriented kind of business than certainly in the field services that we do outside the U.S., more of that is PM-driven. So we have not a lot of revenue content, but a high value of individual content in driving larger projects and managing those larger projects. So I think that's a long-winded answer to a short question, but I think from acquisition activity and such right now, those are more likely to be -- have a more international flavor, except for some of these little niche acquisitions, like in the telecom and things like that. But so I think the mix will be driven more -- if there's a change in the mix, it will be driven more by acquisition activities and just overall -- the organic business activity.
John W. Prosser: Certainly. We believe that it's going to be fairly stable other than with the influence of these due diligence cost maybe. And I think that part of that is driven by field services; part of it's just driven by our strong focus on cost control overall.
John W. Prosser: I think we're already starting to see a little of that because this quarter, our field services revenue was up a couple of hundred million dollars over last quarter. Most of the revenue increase this quarter came from field services. And I think what we're seeing, I think we're said this before, is that our clients are tending to release things more in phases. So where historically, if you go back maybe the -- during the last boom, the clients would award us an entire project then we'd still be going through the FEED and on detailed design, so it might be 6 to 12 months before you saw the construction revenue move from backlog to -- to book it as actual revenue. Now as we -- they really are doing it more in phases, so once we get a phase release, we are pretty much, for the most part, ready to go to work on those. So there's a much quicker book-to-burn cycle even in the field services than might have been evident historically.
John W. Prosser: Well, I mean, we have moved to a wider range as we have pretty much stuck to that. As you get out to the wide range, particularly with this late in the year, the probabilities of doing anything at the outer edges of that range become fairly low probabilities and they move higher as you get to the middle of that range. But one of the reasons we're reluctant to narrow it is just in past reactions, when we've narrowed it both at the top and the bottom and everybody emphasizes the movement on the top. And so we just figured that the outlook hasn't changed that much from last quarter. Our outlook and our performances is still in line with that so there was really no reason to change.
John W. Prosser: Well to answer your first question, we don't break down the backlog any further than we have given it, by kind of the sectors. But obviously, if you look at -- when you see the Q, which will be out later this each week, you'll see that the revenues in the chemical marketplace for the quarter did improve both quarter-over-quarter and trailing-12-over-trailing-12. So I think it clearly is a part of that increased backlog. It's a good part of that increased backlog in the process industries. And we think that, as Craig says, this has got a cycle that will go at least through '17 and maybe beyond.
John W. Prosser: Well, it will be -- it won't be a nice, smooth transition to say the least. But we would expect to see, because of improvement in margins, be able to see a fairly stable margin around those levels we've been seeing this quarter, last quarter with the margin improvement, pricing improvement offsetting over, on average, the mix shift. Now in any given quarter, depending on the shift, like this quarter's margin, operating margins might be down a little bit or up a little bit, just to say where we are on particular projects, pass-through costs and a lot of other factors that have more impact quarter-to-quarter than they have, say, over a longer period like the fiscal year. But I would say that our anticipation is not for, let's say, growing margins over the next year, but fairly stable margins in spite of the fact that we'll see a big mix shift.
John W. Prosser: I think you just answered that. I think we continue to see a lot of opportunities on the acquisition side as we've always focused on 2/3 of our growth, that 15% growth to the bottom line, we expect to come from acquisitions. And so given our decent cash position and availability of resources to grow our existing credit lines and just our market resource availability, we feel that the cash and all that we have is better focused on acquisitions than alternative capital deployment. As Craig said, if we go a period of time and can't find those acquisitions and the cash continues to grow, certainly periodically, we do look at the alternatives in both the management level and all the way up to the board and consider those.
John W. Prosser: Well, as the revenues grow on the field services side, field services generates very little need for G&A expenses because most of the costs related to a field service project are in the field, are directly reimbursed by the client, even space and such like that. So you don't get the incremental add, so that margin or the G&A as a percent of revenues tends to go down as our field services grow. Having said that, we are always looking at the absolute dollars in our G&A so that as we even grow our professional services, which does generate need for more space and such, when you look at how we can be more efficient in that space utilization and more efficient in the utilizations of people through overtime and such like that, so that we keep the G&A growth in absolute dollars below what we're generating as far as margin growth on the professional services side. But it's a lot of little things. There aren't any great big magic bullets, because I think we're already pretty well focused on all of those. But it's just a constant focus on controlling the costs, everything from the amount of number of people you have go on a sales call or a job watch to the -- how we utilize our information systems to pull together proposals and just how we can focus on getting better utilization of space and people within the system.
John W. Prosser: Well, it's heavily in the process -- heavy process industries and probably the most -- I think it's probably evenly kind of -- maybe the chemical's a little bit stronger, but there was a mix across all 3. That I think on the construction side, probably you're starting to see some of the chemicals hitting into the market. When you see the revenue breakdown, certainly chemicals was one of the biggest -- had the biggest surge quarter-over-quarter.
John W. Prosser: Not really. We're seeing more pressure on our private sector on payment terms and receivables than in the public sector.
John W. Prosser: Well, they were in the range of guidance because we expected -- we just didn't know exactly how active things would be. Probably for the year, this year, it will be somewhere in the range of $0.05 for the -- so that would be the -- probably the fourth quarter will be similar to the third quarter, just the one we're looking at it right now. It's hard to anticipate what might happen in '14. Certainly, we'll look at that as we see what -- when we come out with guidance next quarter, but we continue to see a lot of opportunities and so I wouldn't be surprised to see that kind of impact. But it depends on what -- there's a lot of variables in them.
John W. Prosser: Certainly, as Craig mentioned earlier, the prospects in places like the chemical business are really significant in both quantity, as well as size of individual project. But so those things, we still have a very high level of confidence that we'll get our share at least and that will be a positive factor to our backlog and to revenue.
John W. Prosser: Well, first of all, our debt that continues on the balance sheet is primarily related to acquisitions. And it actually has been local debt in a number of different currencies because we've done -- related to the acquisitions we've done outside the U.S. Our payables -- right now, the majority of our business being on the professional services side, they don't generate a lot of payables. They generate a lot of payroll. And those, we have to pay every couple of weeks. But when we -- as we do get back into the field and start seeing more construction activity and pass-through cost and such, you have that increasing. We manage it in some cases through either 0 balance accounts or advanced funds. In other cases where we can't get those, we'll get contract terms that we pay our subs when we get paid by the owner. So we match the cash flow. We tend to increase both sides of the equation. But our business, from an operating standpoint, tends to have a pretty good cash flow. So we're able to fund those through our cash flows rather than through increasing debt. Our debt, as I said, is really more for acquisitions and growth outside of the organic growth that we generate.
John W. Prosser: Well, I mean, our business tends to generate cash. We've historically used that cash for acquisitions and growth. So when we haven't done any significant acquisitions for a couple of years, the cash tends to grow. As we, hopefully, are successful in a few of these that we're looking at, then the cash -- or the net cash will come down as we use those resources for growth. The cash we need for operations is relatively low. And so certainly, a balance of $100 million to $200 million is probably all we would need to sustain just an operation cash flow. So the balance above that would be available for either debt reduction, if it's in the right currency, or acquisitions going forward.
John W. Prosser: A little bit of it has to do with issuing the shares for options or our stock purchase plan, but because of the way you have to calculate those, the fact that our stock price has gone up nicely over the last year actually increases the amount of dilution from outstanding stock option.
Craig L. Martin: Well, you remember, I was careful not to use the word "tsunami" for myself. I attributed it to our sales team.
Craig L. Martin: It won't ever come, John, as like a noticeable sudden shift to uptick. It's just going to bleed in. What we're seeing is that, we are starting to see some of those work that we sold a few years back, sort of move completely through backlog and get completely worked off. And we are starting to see a little bit better margins on the work that we're doing today. And when I say a little bit, we're talking about pennies an hour kind of improvements. So it will take a while. If that trend continues and we get pennies an hour this quarter and pennies an hour the next quarter, pretty soon it's real money. But you're looking at that being 3, 4 quarters out before it starts to add up to $0.50. So I think you have to project. And I think we believe that we'll see a fairly slow, steady growth in margins now, unit margins I'm talking about, for the next 6, 8, 10 quarters. And then they'll probably hit sort of as much as we can get, or the pushback gets just really strong. And they'll tend to stabilize then at that level. But I think it's a very slow process. And like I say, it's 1% or 2% on a unit margin basis per quarter.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, as field services comes in, unit margins -- well, unit margins aren't even really irrelevant. But what we'll see is, margins as a percentage of revenue will be lower. And so as field services increases as a percentage, the average unit margin will actually come down. That's the wrong word. The average percentage margin as a percentage of revenue will actually come down. So while unit margins will be improving, all through that time, the unit -- the percentage margins will appear to be going the other way as the field services portion increase. Because we just -- even at the net operating margin line, we don't make quite as much money per dollar of revenue of field services as we do off of engineering services.
Craig L. Martin: I think, let me temper that yes a minute. We're in businesses today, and I think John referred to this earlier, like the Middle East, where the contracting terms tend to be EPCM. And so while we're involved there in fairly big projects and aggregate margins, the absolute margins are quite good, there is an increasing fraction of our EPC -- EPCM work that's EPCM or PMC, and those things don't have that pass-through aspect of the field services margins. So I think the mix is going to affect our historic position just a little bit. If you think about 2006, '07 and '08, almost all of our field services margin was in North America -- and almost all of our field services activity, I should say, was in North America, and a lot of that was EPC. I think the balance in this next cycle will be still probably favor EPC over EPCM, but I think we'll have a significant fraction of EPCM. And in May, those EPCM contracts, the actual construction contracts, will be on the customer's book. So we won't see that revenue.
Craig L. Martin: Sure, let me take the oil sands situation first. The investment in oil sands is more measured than it was, say, in the 2006, 2008 timeframe. So I don't expect any kind of a steep ramp in oil sands work. On the other hand, we're seeing steady growth there and continue to see steady growth as the outlook. Our new offerings in things like gen 10 modularization, I think are going to put us in a position to take additional share in the oil sands as well. So while I don't think we'll see the sort of the runaway spending that we might have seen a few years ago. I think the oil sands prospects remain very good and I think we'll continue to see double-digit growth as a company up in the oil sands, maybe even high double-digit as this gen 10 offering catches on. With respect to petrochemicals, absolutely. At times when there are insufficient resources, customers move rapidly away from lump sum kinds of delivery schemes and they move to cost reimbursable schemes. Jacobs has a very significant crap-base in North America that really can't be accessed unless you contract with -- I mean, can't kind of, but it's difficult to access unless you contract with us. And so I think that actually does significantly increase our opportunities as customers move their buying into our sweet spot. So we're actually very, very excited about the opportunities in the construction side, field services side of our business. We just put some additional executives in that business for no other reason than zeal what we think the ramp looks like as we go forward.
Craig L. Martin: Let me go to the pipeline capacity issue first. The industry executives that I've talked to have taken the President's comments to actually be favorable to Keystone as opposed to unfavorable. And it goes to the lack of specificity. And so that the pundits that I've talked to, as well as the key executives, all seem to think that the likelihood of Keystone going forward is higher not lower. And most everybody that we talked to say it's 2017 completion of the pipeline as the sort of critical timeframe. So we still have, from their perspective, adequate time to get the pipeline approved and built to meet what they see as the export demands of the oil sands. There are also some Canadian alternatives that would also help the oil sands, the bitumen producers, to find outlets for their products. A couple of BC pipelines could be particularly important. One of them looks like it's in trouble. The other, frankly, looks like it might go. And so those things, I think, are actually positives at the moment. If it starts to become clear that there isn't going to be new capacity by 2017, I think that could result in a curtailment of some activity in the industry. But another point that's been made and one that I agree with, is that there's very little oil in the world -- or for lack of better word, yes, I'll call it oil in the world -- that is available now to the majors, right? I mean, if you think about it, an awful lot of the world's oil is actually national government-owned and the majors can only access that through joint ventures. So there is clearly some advantage in this huge resource that is in Canada in that the Exxons and Shells and Chevrons and Conocos of the world can own that resource. And I think that means that the investment attractiveness of Canadian oil sands is a little higher than its straight economic attractiveness. And I'm parroting a really good study that I read just recently, but it resonates with me and I think it's true. So that was your first question. The second question was about the defense business. We really can't share any more about what we have won already because we don't have the customer's permission to do so. I think the plans of the MoD in the U.K. in terms of outsourcing remain pretty significant. And I think we, as a company, remain well positioned to take advantage of that. But these things are slow processes and I don't know that I would suggest that it will or won't replace anything in the U.S. I'll go back to my position about our position in the U.S., I believe we have significant ongoing opportunities to continue to grow, not at double-digit rates but in single-digit rates, in our federal and national governments aspects of our business in North America, in the U.S. And so what happens in the U.K. will be either slightly incremental or hugely incremental, depending on how that all unfolds.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. One thing I think you can look at is, if you go back just a few years, chemicals was 11%, 12%, 13% of revenues when the revenue numbers were a bit smaller. And today, it's running at 20% of revenue. So I think there's -- you'd clearly see that chemicals are starting to move the needle in an important way even today.
Craig L. Martin: There's no question that the average job size is a bit bigger. There are more of them. There are more of what I'd characterize as major projects as well. So our activity levels are up in the aggregate, there are still a lot of small stuff -- don't misunderstand me, small stuff all needs -- still needs to get done, but we are seeing a lot more activity. And I'd say the average project size is certainly moving up.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. Probably the place where we've been most successful in recent months in taking market share has been in the public marketplace. The bad news about those markets, as we all know, is there's less money going into them, whether it's infrastructure or the national government side of the business but particularly in national government. and we've been hugely successful, in my opinion, in taking market share in that arena because while the market is shrinking pretty significantly, our business is actually growing. So that combination suggests we're doing very well at taking share. If you look around the rest of the business, we're starting to see share growth in the Mining & Minerals industry. Again, the market is moving, investing where we have the greatest strength and that continues to be a positive for us. And then our traditional markets like refining, we've always had a strong share position but the project types and scale in the refining industry probably are more to our liking than most of our competitions as compared to the refining estimates -- the refining projects in the 2005 to 2009 time frame. So that's also, probably, giving us opportunity to grow share. In businesses like chemicals, there's so much work out there, it's almost impossible to figure out what's happening in share. The market's just really good for everybody.
Craig L. Martin: Our business really concentrates on turnaround aspects of North America. And there, the outlook that we're seeing is not reduced activity. If anything, it's a little bit of an increased activity. I think there's maybe a difference or a shift in turnaround activity in places like Singapore where crack spreads are really, really low. But that's really not a business that we're -- where we have strength, the turnaround industry in Singapore. So in the geographies where we work, we're not seeing any negative impact in the area of turnarounds or the small capital investment. In the areas where we don't do a lot of that field services activity, there's still a fair amount of investment in small cap work and turnarounds in some cases are being delayed but that really isn't affecting our business.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. We're pretty focused on end markets that are outside of North America and Europe. So things like South America, Asia Pacific, Australia, Brazil in particular, those are areas where we think there's significant opportunity and where we think that pricing is attractive for our shareholders. So a lot of push there from our perspective. There are some attractive companies out there that we think represent important opportunities if we can make those happen. But as I always remind everybody here, you have to have a willing buyer and a willing seller and the motives for making the deal have to make sense for both. So sometimes these things happen like we like them to and sometimes they don't. Sometimes we spend a lot of money on due diligence and we don't have a deal at the end of it; sometimes we do. So it's one of those things you have to remember, it's just plain when the opportunity presents itself and does it all work out. But I do feel good about the kinds of opportunities that are out there and the fit -- potential fit between the companies that we've looked at and Jacobs. So we'll see what happens.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. We're going to continue to see, I believe, over the next few quarters, a relative increase in field services versus the technical professional services aspect of our business. I'm not as optimistic that we're going to get to 50-50 as I might have been a few quarters ago. Not because we're not doing as well in field services as I expect -- as I mentioned earlier, we're expecting to do maybe even a little better -- but because I think the mix of field services will tend to have less pass-through revenue than what I thought 3 or 4 quarters ago. I thought it would be largely EPC. And now I think it will be still the majority EPC, but I think that there'll be a fairly significant PMC, EPCM component. So I'm not sure we'll get back to 50-50, but I think that wherever we're going to end up directionally, whether that's 45-55 or 48-52, I think that you'll see that happening over the next, say, 8 quarters and pretty steadily, just as you're seeing in this quarter, what's happened to backlog and revenue as well.
Craig L. Martin: It's a mix. Some of it is work that has been in backlog for some time and just started moving into the field in a significant way. Also there's a -- the turnaround season is bigger in the spring, summer, fall than it is in the winter. So those were both factors in what drove those numbers up.
Craig L. Martin: None. We just don't see -- outside of what I would characterize as traditional competitors, who you might characterize as foreign, CB&I, Foster Wheeler, Technip, who have been in the markets forever, we're not seeing the Japanese or the Koreans in any -- any significant way.
Craig L. Martin: Right now, the outlook in the businesses we serve, so test engineering being the biggest single part of the governments business for us, the outlook there is for spending to be slightly up to flat. And I would lean towards slightly up based on what we know right now. In the environmental cleanup side of the business, which is a much smaller fraction of what we do in North America, in the U.S., I think that's probably going to be down a bit. But the projects that we were working on and the ones we're chasing all represent pretty good steady work going forward. And probably the scope of those projects won't be affected as much as new project will be affected. So I don't think the outlook for '14 in the public sector is particularly negative. I'll go back to my original view that we're going to get single-digit growth.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, Jamie, we really don't forecast major due diligence events in our fiscal plan. It's just not that predictable when they're going to fall. In '12, there was a deal I was just sure we were going to get to do. If I had put any money in the plan for that, we'd look like heroes because we didn't spend any of it. So it's not of one of those things where we can sit back and say, "Okay, this year due diligence costs are going to be $0.07 or $0.08 and we'll build that into our guidance." There's a sort of a background level of due diligence that's in our guidance. It's always there because it's just basic overhead for the M&A functions. But the individual due diligence for these companies can vary from nominal amounts of money for a little deal like a Compass, to much more significant amounts of money like John's talking about today.
Craig L. Martin: I hope the $0.05 will prove to be a really brilliant investment on our part, but only time will tell.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, we continue to be almost entirely cost reimbursable. And so as we raise wages, the customer is very aware that we're doing it and they're supportive of it. So they pay the multiplier on the higher cost, which provides some expansion of our margins actually. But we also end up doing that with our G&A staff, so some of that goes back in the form of higher G&A. If there's anything I think that would push G&A up over and above just sort of normal Consumer Price Index-related increases in G&A, this sort of wage push will both improve margins and push G&A. So a year from now, we may be looking at a higher G&A number by a chunk and a lot of it will have come from staying competitive with salaries in the marketplace.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I continue to expect good, steady growth. But 1 quarter to the next, it might not be very good at all. But I think over the next, say, 4 quarters, we should continue to see good, steady growth.
Craig L. Martin: Oil and gas activity there has been strong for a long time, continues to be strong. We're starting to get an increasing share of that with a couple of key managers whose investments are significant. So I think that's a positive, has been positive for a little while and will continue to be a positive. On the infrastructure side, we've done pretty well in terms of growth in the downturn. As things are starting to look up a little bit, I think that's a positive for us. We're particularly positive about what appears to be happening in highways, but that's a business that's been not very good for the last couple, 3 years. So we think the improving economy means some increasing investment in infrastructure and I think all of those things are positive for us. We're also right at the beginning of the AMP, what's called the AMP cycle. And that's really in the water business there, where we have a pretty solid presence. Almost every water company in the U.K. is going to rebid its relationships, which they do on a 5-year cycle. Each 5 years is an AMP cycle. We're about to start AMP6. And we look at our positioning for winning a big share of AMP6 and it looks very good. So you're right that the U.K. is the biggest part of our Europe business and a significant part of the company overall, but I think it's also a brighter light for us than it has been over the last few years.
Craig L. Martin: I think if you think about growth in chemicals on a global basis, you're dealing with sort of GDP growth in the markets, coupled with people with low-cost feedstocks moving into markets and displacing people with high-cost feedstock. So naphtha-based chemicals being replaced by natural gas-based is certainly a factor in lots of places in the world. I think specifically, the boom in North America -- let me be more specific there, the boom in the Gulf Coast in the United States, is not just low-cost feedstocks and a long-term view that they're going to stay low cost, but also the U.S. Gulf Coast is probably the place in the world where cost of construction and therefore, capital investment, are most predictable and lowest in terms of the productivity of labor, the cost of materials and equipment delivered to the site. Much more predictable in the Gulf Coast than almost anywhere else in the world. So you have some cost certainty for the customer, if they make an investment in the Gulf Coast, you have what most people believe is an assured long-term supply of low cost natural gas. And those things are clearly drivers for worldscale investments in the U.S. versus potentially other places. So I think chemicals investment for the next cycle, this cycle that we're just seeing the beginning, are really U.S. Gulf Coast, Middle East feedstock driven mostly and a few locations like Singapore, where the logistics advantage outweighs a little bit of the cost trip.
Craig L. Martin: We have no involvement in the Russian project whatsoever. Russia is really not even on our target geography list, at least in my career. I don't think that it will have a significant impact on U.S. gas projects for a couple of reasons. There's going to be a fair amount of gas go into the chemicals industry, but I think the largest consumer of gas in North America will be power. If you look at the permitting challenges with either coal-fired power or nuclear, I expect that natural gas-fired power will be a major factor in gas consumption. And I think export gas for the U.S. is not as robust a market as a lot of people think. Deloitte did a really good study on that subject maybe a year ago and that was their conclusion. And I haven't seen any evidence that they were wrong in reaching that conclusion. So I think the U.S. market for gas is more self-contained than perhaps the common thinking is at the moment. And so I don't think that the availability of Russian gas, either to Asia or to Europe, will have a material impact on investment in the U.S. I could be wrong, of course.
Craig L. Martin: Just thank everybody for the attention to the call and the participation. And a lot of good questions and we appreciate that. I think we have a great story going forward. I think we continue to do what we promised. And I think there'll be a lot of positives out there in our future. So I look forward to talking to you again in about 90 days or thereabout. Have a great day.
