Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Gary, and good morning and good afternoon to all. We welcome everyone to Jacobs' 2016 third quarter earnings call. I will be joined on the call today by Steve Demetriou, our Chairman and CEO. As you know, our earnings announcement and Form 10-Q were released this morning, and we have posted a copy of this slide presentation to our website. We will reference this slide presentation in our prepared remarks. Before starting, I would like to refer you to our forward-looking statement, which is summarized on slide 2. Any statements that we make today that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on the current estimates and expectations and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. And you should not place undue reliance on such statements, as actual results may differ materially. There are a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause Jacobs' actual results to differ materially from what may be contained, projected, or implied by our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, see our most recent earnings release and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 2, 2015, including Item 1, Business; Item 1A, Risk Factors; Item 3, Legal Proceedings; and Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; as well as other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please now turn to slide 3 for a quick review of the agenda for today's call. Steve will begin our earnings presentation with some general comments on the business and our results for the last quarter, followed by a summary of market conditions for each of our four lines of business or LOBs. I will then provide some more in-depth discussion on our financial metrics, backlog, and results for our LOBs. I will continue with some comments on our current restructuring efforts and our share buyback program. Steve will then discuss some next steps for the company and focus on the progress of our strategy development before finishing with some closing comments. After, we will then open it up for some questions. Before turning it over to Steve, I would like to highlight a recent change to our board of directors. And as announced a few weeks ago, Noel Watson retired from his role as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Jacobs board. Steve Demetriou, our CEO, was appointed to the additional role of Chairman. We are extremely thankful to Noel for his service and dedication to Jacobs over the years and are especially pleased he will continue to be a member of the board. With that, I will now pass it over to Chairman and CEO Steve Demetriou.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, Jerry, just very quickly on the – I think the remaining part of that question was relative to the corporate expenses, non-allocated corporate expenses. Look, we've been kind of trending pretty consistent over the first three quarters of the year. Typically fourth quarter is the lower figure because of the relative true-ups associated with various programs that we have. So I give you kind of that direction, that probably the number will probably be a little bit lower in Q4.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, a couple comments. Thanks for the question, Jamie. The first one as it relates to the sequential commentary relative to what our guidance is. Look, the guidance is – we feel it's an appropriate level. We've narrowed it a bit. There still is volatility out in the space out there, as you know, about it as it relates to certainly the Petroleum & Chemical side of the business, as well as just the general economic situation and some unease relative to elections and implications and so on and so forth. So we just thought it appropriate to do so. Regardless of that, though, your comment as it relates to the sequential piece is – two comments I would make. The first is that typically, this last quarter is a quarter that is generally impacted by a lower level of kind of billings because of the holiday periods in Europe, in the U.S., and so on and so forth. So that's a general comment. So effectively, sequentially, we tend to open that we'd be (42:37) down versus the third quarter. I think that's kind of a normal kind of dynamic over the course of the year, fourth quarter versus the first three. The other point certainly is that, as we think about going forward, we're continuing to invest back against some of the savings. You heard about the aviation spend and some of the investments in support there. So, as it relates to the savings initiatives, certainly take into account the fact that there will be some investments that will help offset some of those savings opportunities.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, versus year-ago, certainly we're going to be higher in terms of our investments in certain employee costs Q4 over Q4, so that's – if you see some of the numbers relative to the change versus year-ago, employee costs are going to be higher in the fourth quarter versus year-ago as we true up all of the final costs associated with our various programs in Q4. So won't talk about specifics, but we're going to provide a little bit better idea when we finalize our strategy and the go-forward as it relates to what our investment opportunities are, what they will be relative to the savings, so you get a good perspective on what the run rates will be going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, DSO – we've talked about – thanks for the reminder. We've talked about there being really good progress being made in terms of activity levels over the first three quarters of the year, although we haven't seen very good progress in actually the financial numbers. This quarter we really saw the traction start to gain, and we fundamentally believe that we have more work to be done and that there are additional opportunities. So we're continuing to drive that going forward, and we expect that there will be incremental opportunities going forward versus specifically the accounts receivable figures that we have reported this quarter.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, ultimately, our strategy isn't about long-term flat EPS. So clearly the expectation as we pivot to growth, as Steve highlighted, we're going to be pivoting off of a stronger foundation of margin, and ultimately that would relate to incremental growth in terms of earnings that we'll ultimately be able to realize. Having said all of that, Steve's point about continuing to focus on delivering better margin for what we got today is continuing to take place. We expect that there are some additional benefits there, but for us ultimately to get the kind of earnings per share that we're looking for longer term, i.e., profitable growth, we got to see some growth. And we're looking to pivot to do that. And it's in the hopefully relatively near future.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, look. You have the disclosure in front of you. It is how we very much feel about the situation on this particular item. And we continue to feel very positive as it relates to what our position is and how our discussions are going. So I think that I'll probably leave it there, and we fundamentally believe that the disclosure is an appropriate description of our situation and what we believe will happen.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I think, Andy, couple comments are appropriate to make. It's very clear that as we think about how we want to drive our growth agenda going forward, we're not just thinking and talking about a top line figure. We're talking about top line that is profitable, and of course there's varying degrees as it relates to mix of business and dynamics that we have to take into account. But we're not just looking for growth for growth's sake. We want it to be profitable and result in incremental margin profile that is able to be realized. So, yes, there's certainly a mix benefit because of the dynamic you outlined. But when you look at the margin profile at each of the respective LOBs, you see a consistent theme where margins by the LOBs are also improving regardless of what percentage they make up of the total business. So I think that that is indicative of the focus that ultimately we're trying to drive, and which I think the LOB are doing a great job on, is – look, it's about a profitable growth agenda that ultimately we're going to have to drive, which is the foundation of being able to drive incremental EPS longer term. And of course combined with our focus on the working capital side it ends up being capital-efficient growth as well. So I think you can see that there is both sides of the coin which are helping us. One is the mix is, in itself, good – overall mix – but if you look by LOBs we're also seeing improvements. So I think that bodes well for your comment about, are we seeing some benefits? And I think that intensely competitive environment in which we are, we hope to be able to improve that, and longer term that certainly is something that we'll be pushing for.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, look, as you – I'd have to go back (55:42) to yes, in general yes. But look at the results so far, too. We are seeing that the margin profile is looking good by each of the LOBs, and there's actual sequential improvement that's occurring.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, a couple points. First is the one that if you look at our G&A over the course of the year, we're down $102 million versus year-ago in the first three quarters of the year. And some of that is netted against some of the incremental investments that we're already making. So clearly there's a net benefit, which is clear relative to the lower G&A figures. We expect that we should be able to continue to realize these benefits. Of course, over time, we're going to have to invest in merits, we're going to have to invest in training and development of our people, and so there will be some offsets of that. The idea, though, of our strategy is not for when we get back to growth that our SG&A and our G&A figures are going to go up correspondingly with our growth in the gross margin dollars. That's what it's all about. It's about having the discipline when we start to see those gross – that you get the growth leverage, a better growth leverage relative to those incremental dollars. So I think of G&A more as fixed in that we always got to try and figure out how to keep those numbers consistent and certainly growing less over the long haul with the gross margin growth so you get the incremental leverage.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, look, we've called out that there's a couple areas where certainly the market is facing some pressure, obviously in Petroleum & Chemicals. That's one area. And mining, where those opportunities are challenging in terms of the margin profile. And of course we called out, in our prepared remarks, some of the dynamics in the Middle East and Saudi Arabia. So, yeah, there are areas where we're facing some pressure. I guess what I will come back to is again, we're seeing, as it relates to our margin profile, improving. And we've seen that over the course of this 2016 fiscal year, where we're seeing continued sequential improvement. So I think in general, those positives are offsetting some of the market conditions that we're seeing overall.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, if you look at the run rate that we have so far this year, let's just take the absolute level of reduction in G&A year over year. We talked about $100 million plus, right, $102 million over the first three quarters of the year. We've already talked about there having been savings of $50 million last year. So we're cumulatively on top of that figure. So we're kind of, at a minimum, at $150 million with a little bit more to go, since we're continuing to spend against our efforts. So I think the bulk of these benefits we are realizing, and we're coming to be able to realize the vast bulk of it over the course of 2016, and there will be a small piece that goes into 2017, which will help further mitigate against any potential increases in salaries or whatever that we may want to consider in 2017.
Kevin C. Berryman: So on the cash flow, Chad, certainly we talked about the working capital and that we do not believe we're done there, and we're looking to try – continued benefits there. I will say, just to quantify what our expectations are maybe a little bit more, we set established targets for each of our lines of business and for ourselves at the corporate level at the beginning of the year, and we're driving towards figures. And I will tell you that we're not necessarily all the way where we wanted to be in terms of our targets for the year. So that in itself should indicate that we're continuing to drive for incremental benefits beyond where we are today. So that's the first point. I do believe that there will be at some point in time, when we get to a more efficient cash structure supporting our business, that the incremental cash flow dynamics will not be at the magnitude that we've had this year obviously. The other dynamic that we certainly have to understand is that our business is not in a growth mode exactly right now, and there are implications on what cash flow dynamics occur during that particular period of time. So hopefully we'll have the high-class problem when that pivot occurs where we have profitable growth going forward, and then ultimately if we're at the capital efficient place that we would like to have, that will be translating into a good cash flow conversion going forward. But certainly the number for this quarter, for example, well above net income, is not a sustainable figure, but ultimately we certainly would like to think that we're going to be able to have a really good, solid conversion factor going forward.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, generally – again, where we play and the diversity of our Buildings & Infrastructure line of business, we really can't sit here and see any material delays that are impacting that business. We're obviously focused on certain sectors that we believe are moving faster. I mentioned aviation is – we're pretty bullish on, not only in the U.S., but being able to translate some of that capability across the globe, especially in the Middle East and Asia, some opportunities there. And so I think, for us, what we really need to do is continue to strategically narrow in on where we can drive growth, and we believe that growth should come soon from the Buildings & Infrastructure, and pivot to a more steady growth, rather than where we've been most recently is a flat backlog. So that's going to be our goal as we move into fiscal year 2017.
Steven J. Demetriou: Well, let me just start by saying where we have the most confidence is improving our fundamentals of delivering projects and becoming even more efficient in both our cost and capital that Kevin was talking about. And so we believe in all of that we've got significant opportunity over the next several years and would expect to drive another improvement in being able to optimize cost, improve margins as we go into 2017. And as it relates to the backlog and growth side, obviously that's where we want to start pivoting. And certain end markets and certain LOBs are going to have more of an opportunity to do that than others based on the external dynamics. But as we continue to drive internal improvements on our project delivery, we are putting pressure on ourselves to start turning the backlog up at some point in the near future.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, Andrew, it's real difficult to hear you, and I know you're asking about backlog and our ability to grow it. But we couldn't catch you everything you were saying because it didn't come in clear.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, so let's just talk about backlog for a few minutes and where we've transitioned from, say, a few years ago to today. As we look at our mix of businesses and what's happened in the marketplace, we've been faced with a significantly declining backlog over the last couple years in some of the heavy-hit commodity areas like mining and like upstream oil and gas. And the good news from our backlog standpoint is sort of all that decline now is essentially behind us because other than the new Rio Tinto project and some of our sustaining capital et cetera, we really don't have much in the backlog as it relates to those heavy hard-hit areas. And what we've done is been transitioning to expand our customer base away from – in addition to the traditional customers we've had. And as we do that, that takes time to replenish and start building backlog in some of those growth areas. As I look at our lines of business, we should be able to soon grow backlog in Buildings & Infrastructure. It's an area that provides us growth. We have strong positions. We're very well diversified. We're not happy that our backlog has been flat. We should be able to do better. When we look at the downstream chemical side, we believe that over the next 12 to 18 to 24 months, you're going to see more and more of our Jacobs Petroleum & Chemicals backlog become that sector. And we think there's significant opportunities there. Obviously Aerospace & Technology, as we are gaining success now in rebids and shifting to some new areas, especially in the U.S., we expect at some point that that should put points on the board from a backlog standpoint. So we're excited and encouraged about our opportunity to grow. And we just need to start demonstrating that over the near term.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, I believe we have the opportunity to continue to put some modest growth on the board, and so we need to go out now and execute that.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, so I think what you're going to hear us talk more about going forward is shifting from what we called our restructuring initiative to productivity, efficiency, just a fundamental of improving our main product and that is executing projects. And so, yes, we do believe we have a rich pipeline of opportunities. The strategic review's revealing that. We think we can continue to optimize our footprint in a way that can facilitate growth, and at a much more efficient basis. When we compare what we start off and committing to with regard to projects and the margin that we should be getting, that's agreed in our contracts, and ultimately what we get at the end of the project, we've got significant opportunity to do better. And so with that all said, that should lead to margin improvement across all of our four lines of businesses as we pursue that. And so we have not completed, by all means, our cost initiatives, but we'd like to be moving from a restructuring basis to strategic improvement.
Steven J. Demetriou: Right. Look, we're going to be able to talk a lot more in November, and we're excited in what we're leading up to around that. And I think what you are going to hear is that that segment and Internet of Things, IT, cyber, mission-critical, those elements of our portfolio, are going to be an important part of our strategy going forward. And we think we have capabilities internally already with the Van Dyke initiative with our capabilities that we have in Australia and U.K. and U.S. specifically. We see smart cities being developed all over the world, including the Middle East, and we're engaged in initiatives there. And as we make final decisions on where we're going to put M&A capital potentially in the future, potentially that could lead to some thematic acquisition opportunities that expand our capability in what we believe will be a growing market. So, how significant, all that, we'll talk more about that in November. But I think you'll continue to hear that as part of several growth opportunities that we're going to be pursuing over the long term.
Steven J. Demetriou: I wouldn't read into anything around the timing. We had thought about, as we completed the overlay strategy, if you will, of our corporate strategy that we would come out and talk about that earlier in the fall. But as we got into it and really got together as a leadership team and recognized that it isn't a one-size-fits-all, that we have four lines of business, that we are better off progressing each of the business strategies at which we're now have entered that phase, and be able to come out and talk about not only where we're going as a whole company, but how that gets translated into each of our lines of business. And so that was the ultimate decision of let's do it in November where we'll be ready to do all that.
Steven J. Demetriou: Look, I started some of the backlog discussion over some of the other questions earlier today, saying that I believe there's great opportunity across the globe in Buildings & Infrastructure, and we're extremely diverse. And, yes, there are a rich set of opportunities, but there's also a strong competitive base. And so what we're all about is high-value project opportunities. Not going after things just for the sake of billable hours or revenue. But actually where we can get good, sustainable, high-value growth. And that's what we're focused on. And we believe those opportunities are there, and what we are finding that our clients want, in addition to good economics, is they want quality suppliers or B&C companies. And what we're spending time is explaining to our clients some of the changes we've made and how we're getting more capable and more focused on win-win opportunities where we're creating value for them and where we're seeing better margins for ourself. And that's what you're going to hear more about as we go to 2017 as you hear about our plans and also from a strategic standpoint.
Steven J. Demetriou: Look, thank you for participating today. We want to thank the investment community for listening to our quarterly call. We believe the actions we're undertaking continue to increase shareholder value, and we look forward to driving long-term sustainability of a stronger and healthier Jacobs. So have a great day. Thank you.
