John W. Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and welcome, everyone. I'll briefly go through our financial highlights for the quarter, and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to review the operations and outlook for the business. If you go to Slide 4 on the presentation, this is, as was reported in our earnings release, we ended up the quarter with diluted EPS of $0.76, which is a little bit better than the street consensus. Net earnings were $99 million. Backlog continues to grow nicely and grew to $16.2 billion at the end of the quarter. And we have seen that there -- our trailing 12-month book-to-bill continues to grow and is just slightly over 1.15 as of the end of the quarter. Continue to have a strong balance sheet, good working capital growth and cash grew nicely during the quarter. We're up to $1.2 billion in cash. Net cash was -- is over $700 million. This is up a couple of hundred million dollars from the prior quarter. And we have continued our guidance at the $3 to $3.50 range for fiscal year '13. Moving on to Slide 5, this is just a tracking of our history with the last dot being the trailing 12, continues to show growth. And while we're not back up to our historical target of the 15% annual average growth, we are hovering just slightly below that, and we think in the years to come, that will certainly be a goal that we will continue to track. Moving on to Slide 6, the backlog, a little closer look at this. It was a very good quarter knowing that total backlog grew almost 12% year-over-year, but both the field services and professional services continue to grow nicely, with field services up about 16% and professional service is up about 9.5%. With that, I will now turn it over to Craig to talk about the -- our growth strategies.
John W. Prosser: Okay. As we said, we don't give specific guidance on revenues. But if you look at the first quarter compared to last year's first quarter, there has been about a 5% growth in revenues. It's down a little bit from the prior quarter, but that has to do with the holidays and just the kind of the general curve. We still believe that going forward, that midyear this year to -- into '14 should be the time when we start seeing the revenue pick up as the field services start picking up. We still see a lot of activity moving to the field, both on the maintenance and sustaining capital side, but also on some of the larger programs such as up in Canada and such that are moving toward the field. And so it looks like -- and I would say that either late '13, mid to late '13 and into '14, you should start seeing better revenue comparisons.
John W. Prosser: Given the pricing trends that we're seeing, and that's across our business, I think you would -- if anything was staying equal, we'd see improving trends. That will be dampened a little bit because of mix as we get more into the field services and that starts growing. But overall, it shouldn't dampen it to the point of being negative, but it should be maybe flat to up a little bit. But the individual elements will be up more than the total.
John W. Prosser: No, I think that, that's a good summation and some of these are overseas. There's one that's still here in the U.S., but it does show that we are -- these acquisitions are growing and continuing to contribute positively. So the growth of that line means that our share is growing as well. So that is a good news part of the element.
John W. Prosser: Well, the -- as Craig had said earlier, the first quarter always has the advantage of all the holidays. Because while that negatively impacts our billable hours and hours charged to projects, it also does help our G&As because those folks take the holidays and such as well. So there's traditionally a little bit of a ramp-up in dollars from the -- our first quarter to the second quarter, the first calendar quarter. Our -- so we would expect to see a little bit of that. But certainly, I think the trend, as a percent of revenue, will be flat to improving as we go forward, particularly since -- as we see the field services grow, you don't have the same G&A impact because you don't have the space, you don't have all the people supervision and such that goes along with growing the professional services side. So as we see the field services revenues coming back up, the G&A percentage of revenues will trend down even more favorably. But through the year, I think we'll see a little bit of step-up in the second quarter dollar-wise, and then it'll be flat to maybe even trailing down as we go through the rest of the year.
John W. Prosser: Yes, in fact -- usually, the field services are cash neutral as opposed to our professional services. And as -- so as we see that ramp up, you won't see a corresponding ramp-up in receivables and working capital needs. And in fact, on some of the -- outside the maintenance but just on -- as we go from the detail design and construction, often we can wrap the detail designs into the payment terms we get for the overall cash flow, particularly as the field services start up. So it can have a little bit of a benefit even on the professional services side as it relates to the projects. So when you look at our different businesses, the businesses that have a higher component of field services tend to have better DSOs and such than the pure professional services parts of our business would have.
John W. Prosser: Yes. Getting back to just -- in fact, '05, '06 and such, we are more in the international arena, particularly more of the Middle East and such. And there, these practices tend to stretch out receivables a little bit. So you hit a little bit of a balance or -- there. But I think, certainly, that's the direction we would expect to see the working capital, the receivables moving to work -- back to work as we see the business pick back up on field services.
John W. Prosser: Yes. We would actually rather not see those kinds of bubbles, because the reaction is usually negative afterwards. So you got to recall that when we were having that 20-plus trailing compounded growth rate, the annual growth rates, individually, were up in the 30%, 40%. And that is very tough to sustain, not only because of the required growth for us but also the capital spend of our customers that drives that kind of growth. So we'd rather see a little bit more moderation in the markets than the boom-bust cycles that you often -- that you've seen historically.
Craig L. Martin: I guess yes, it's lumpy, so that first part of your question was -- the answer is yes. But the second part of your question, the answer is yes also. Billable hours are growing nicely. We're seeing high utilization. We're starting to work a lot of overtime. So everything about the business, salary pressures are starting back in. There's starting to be some opportunity to move up margins. So everything -- all the indicators in the process industry are where they were a quarter ago or 2 quarters ago, and we have every confidence that we're going to continue to see good solid growth out of that. I think the flat backlog quarter-over-quarter is a timing issue more than anything else.
Craig L. Martin: Well, a couple of things. In terms of the quarter, we worked really hard this quarter to keep the G&As down, partly because we knew we had these headwinds and partly because this quarter, we always have the headwind of reduced billable hours because of the holidays. And I think the team did a terrific job of managing cost to offset those things. And so yes, we did have a quarter that was a little better than our expectations. Now why does that not fall into guidance? It's just too soon. We don't have quite the level of visibility that we need to have to think about raising or lowering or whatever guidance. And so we kept the guidance where it is because we think that's the prudent place to be at this point in time.
Craig L. Martin: Well, let me take the first part of your question, Jamie, and we are certainly seeing pressure both -- more so on engineering labor at this stage than craft labor, but we are seeing pressure in both on the Gulf Coast. I think I said last quarter when we had our call that we were forecasting dramatic increase in requirements for engineering capability as a result of the impacts of both the unconventional gas and the chemicals expansions on the Gulf Coast and in North America. And nothing about that's changed. We are seeing some pressure on rates. We're seeing pressure on turnover. And maybe just if I can get Greg Landry who runs our southern operations, it's one of his responsibilities, to comment just a little further. Greg, you'll have to speak up because you're aways from the line.
Craig L. Martin: That's generally, our experience is as markets get tight, the work tends to move to cost-reimbursable because there's no appetite even among the traditionally lump-sum contracting community. The appetite for doing lump sum goes away because the risks become just enormous by comparison. So the mecca does shift toward our model, and that has -- does represent, I think, a particular opportunity for us in these upcycles that we can benefit from as we go forward. So I see that as also as a positive for Jacobs relative to our competition and a positive for the industry in terms of surprises.
Craig L. Martin: That's a tough question because I don't think it -- there's a single answer. I think if you look across the spectrum of projects, the answers vary by the customer and by the end user market. But I think for the most part, what we're seeing happen is pretty much on the schedule we've been outlining now for several quarters. And we are not seeing much drift one way or the other. And my concern about the fiscal cliff discussion for a while was that it might push all these projects significantly out. And it doesn't seem to have done that. So our customers seem to be planning their investments, particularly ones in the natural gas or in the chemical side, based on their ability to look at the global market for their products or increase the local market for their products, depending on which product we're talking about. And I think we're going to continue to see them move into construction phases pretty much as we've described. I expect the FEED cycle won't peak until maybe our third fiscal quarter. So that still suggests an awful lot of that work is out even beyond the third fiscal quarter from a construction point of view. But we're starting to see a lot of jobs going into detail design and into construction. So I think to John's point, we'll start to see the uptick in the third fiscal quarter or close to it.
Craig L. Martin: Well, 2 different questions, but let me try to answer each one. With respect to the project volumes, the new announcements, planned investment, we're not seeing any falloff in the work. We're also not seeing any particular increase. I think what we're looking at is oil prices, they were what? $85 the last time we had this call and they're $96 today, at least the NYMEX numbers are. I don't think there's a lot of difference in those 2 numbers from an investment perspective in the oil sands. So I think the level of investment will be fairly steady as long as oil prices remain in a north of 70 minus 100 kind of range. I have Tom Hammond here who -- the oil sands team reports to Tom. Maybe Tom could comment.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. A lot of this pipeline safety business is being driven by the San Bruno explosion and all the property damage and loss of life that went with that. And so virtually all of the pipeline owners and users, starting first, of course, with the regional gas supply players to homes and industry, are being required to go through a Pipeline Safety Enhancement Program, PSEP. And these programs range in cost for these utilities from $1.5 billion to $5 billion, depending on the scale of the utility involved. We've been successful in winning a couple of the very early program management design opportunities in those businesses, which kind of puts us in a leadership position across the industry, and we think that market is going to be $6 billion or $7 billion a year for the next decade or so. So it's a $70-plus billion market. With our wins with the Peoples Gas in Chicago and Sempra here in Southern California, we're very well positioned to take advantage of that. And the money will go through the rate base. It's -- at least, so far, it appears. As long as you structure the program right, get it presented appropriately to the regulators, the cost of making these improvements, and there's a lot of improvements to be made, will go into the rate base. So the money will be there. So we're, like I said, pretty optimistic about what this industry and this area could represent for Jacobs going forward. And that's separate from anything like Keystone or any of the other pipeline work that's more in the -- out in the countryside.
Craig L. Martin: Okay. Well, we don't have much of a viewpoint, because it isn't a market where we're really strong and -- particularly in North America. What we read and are being told is that natural gas will be replacing coal at an increasing rate and that a big source of consumption for this natural gas supply coming out of the unconventional gas and so on will be, in fact, for power generation. So that argues, in my mind, for significant investment in gas-fired combustion turbine and heat recovery kinds of investments. And in fact, I think I read somewhere, as a result of the move from natural gas to coal, the U.S. is one of the best countries in the world, maybe the #1 country in the world in terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions, which is, I think, something I didn't know at least, and I think that's the period 2006 to '11, something like that. So I think if you're in the combustion turbine, heat recovery combined cycle kind of power business, there is going to be a lot of work out there. I think if you're trying to make money off the coal cycle, you're going to be in a tough market. We're not really in either one.
Craig L. Martin: I think, without a doubt, the private sector businesses, the process and the industrial parts of it, the work and buildings that we do to support our private sector customers will be higher growth than the public and institutional businesses. Well, public and institutional is largely going to be a matter of taking market share, and that's always harder than growing in a growing market. I mean, there's still market share to be taken in both. But certainly, the growth in the process and industrial side will be higher than the public institutional side.
Craig L. Martin: I think those -- for us, they're going to be very significant because we're starting from almost none. In terms of what they mean to the businesses, I don't think they, in and of themselves, offset what we are seeing in weakness in the buildings and infrastructure market domestically. But those things, coupled with our ability to expand our share, and we're doing really well at doing that as we speak, means that those businesses will continue to grow.
Craig L. Martin: We don't really think of it that way. Once we buy them, they're organic. And in fact, we generally redistribute what we buy into our regional models so we get that customer-facing side. So I'd have to do research to even come close to answering that question. We're expecting our growth in '13 to be largely organic.
Craig L. Martin: Absolutely, there are. Whether they'll be to the Motiva scale or not, I wouldn't say. But certainly, multi-billion dollar opportunities are going to be out there as these programs develop, and we will certainly be a participant in some of those.
Craig L. Martin: What we're -- well, with one exception, which I'll come to in a minute, but for the most part, our small- and medium-cap model is the one that we continue follow. It works extremely well for us. And it positions us to do major projects for those customers, because of most major projects these days are not greenfield, standalone, out in the middle of nowhere. Most of them are brownfield or near brownfield. And so our physical presence, our local knowledge, our understanding of the operation of the facility from our being their small-cap contractor or their maintenance contractor puts us in a favorite position, when major investments come along, to get either all or a significant part of that. Jacobs today, I think -- most of our customers perceive us as being easily a source of -- for $1 billion-minus kind of projects. And in some industry, it may be bigger than that. And then -- and so when the $5 billion job comes along, we may need to partner with somebody and probably would, just to spread the capacity issues around. But I think our position is really good. And it doesn't really require that we do anything differently than to -- than we have in the past, except perhaps focus on hiring more of the kinds of people who run these multi-billion dollar kinds of programs onto our team, and we're doing quite a good job of that actually. The single exception, that's probably the mining and minerals business where we have historically been doing big jobs. And our opportunity there is to take our small-cap and medium-cap model and drive it into the mining and minerals industry. Part of why I am so positive about the industry, unlike I think a lot of our competitors, is I think there's a huge opportunity to do that. For the most part, that work's not being done today by the kinds of competitors that are good at it. And so I think there's a huge leverage in that industry to go convert it to our model, I would say, without sacrificing who really do these giant projects.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. I would say that there are more acquisition opportunities on our table today than there have been at other times in the past. And I think the market for acquisition opportunities is quite good. The multiples for the targets have not yet seen a lot of increase. So the multiples are, frankly, from our perspective, very attractive. So that there's both a good supply of candidates out there and a fairly good market multiple on the acquisition. So I think there's a lot of leverage in acquisitions. But as I think I've said on these calls many times, acquisitions are opportunistic. You can only do them when the seller and the buyer can get to a deal, and you have to have a willing seller. I think we see those things out there, but timing will be a challenge.
Craig L. Martin: Well, certainly there are a number of big, single-contract awards out there that we would expect to get awarded sometime between now and the end of the fiscal year. We were very conservative about the way we backlogged those things. So while there may be some substantial awards, like the Kennedy award that we announced last quarter, their impact on backlog is much slower because of the way we approach the backlog itself. So giant leaps in backlog as a result of awards in the national government space probably aren't going to happen. But I believe we'll be able to grow our backlog in national government, so things go like we think they will.
Craig L. Martin: Well, Jacobs has great, great, great strength in derivatives, ethylene derivatives. So polyethylene would be an example, EO, EPG, pretty much all of the downstream from the ethylene cracker kinds of projects are Jacobs's strength. We've probably done more of those kinds of projects than anyone, particularly when you start thinking about -- in the Gulf Coast or in the U.S. We also have tremendous capability in utilities in off-sites and bring a tremendous capability, not only domestically but in terms of what we can put in India. Because the -- our Indian operation has been doing U&O work for 30, 40 years. So we're really good at it, and we can do it very, very cost effectively. So we're not going to do any ethylene crackers, but we'll probably do an awful lot of what's left. Gas to liquids, I think the -- we have no particular gas-to-liquids expertise, but there's so much associated with a GTL job that isn't the GTL itself. Again, I think things like U&O, big bucks for us. I think there'll be opportunities because of the scale of these projects, where Jacobs participates in joint ventures. So I think that those will also represent some significant opportunities for us as a company. And then there's also the whole program and master sort of program for these developments. When you think about something like a whole new ethylene complex up in the Marcellus, there's a planning cycle and figuring out how to get that all done that might ultimately lead into program management role, that's also something Jacobs is quite good at. And you don't know -- you don't have to have ethylene technology to take on that responsibility. So that's another area. I mean, I just use that as an example of where we might be able to be a -- take a leadership role in the overall program. So this whole chemical cycle is really very good for us and one where we have tremendous expertise and long-term client relationships to support our position.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. I think that the capacity issues will be less significant in this cycle for some contractors and, therefore their customers, than it has been in prior cycles, simply because a number of the big contractors, Jacobs included, had developed a significant capability to move work off the Gulf Coast. So the historic constraints of everything having to be done on the Gulf Coast, I think those constraints will be less significant this time around, although there still will be some. I think that there will be a point in time when projects begin to look expensive and that the -- some of the projects that might have been announced that were sort of not in the leading part of the pack don't go forward. But that's usually a couple of years into the cycle. So I don't think that's a fiscal '13 or even probably a fiscal '14 issue. But if you go look -- if you go back to the bubble in 2007, 2008, before the bubble just completely collapsed, we started to see a few projects gets --get extended because the costs were simply too high. And I think you'll see that again in this cycle if it continues like it appears to, but I don't think that's a near-term issue.
Craig L. Martin: Right. It doesn't -- it wasn't intended to, let's put it that way, right. We continue to look at everything from small deals to fairly large ones. Obviously, fairly large ones take longer to mature than the small ones do. We're also looking largely outside the U.S. So things like due diligence and contracting requirements and local governments' requirements relative to acquisitions all factor into the timing as well. It's certainly more difficult to do an acquisition in Brazil maybe than it is anywhere else in the world, I don't know, because you've got all the Brazilian rules, you've got all the foreign corrupt practices work to do. It's a big challenge relative to due diligence and setting up the deal relative to buying a company on the Gulf Coast that has a particular expertise we like. So long way -- winded way of saying, lots of prospects out there, a little more complex to do, even when they're small, than what they have been historically. And so we're being cautious about when we think things might happen.
Craig L. Martin: I can't really give you a good answer to that question. We've tried to calculate our market share more than once, and it's very, very difficult to get good data to let you determine your market share. I would tell you that my estimate of that is that in all cases, we're low single digits, maybe on the Gulf Coast, low double-digits. It's a huge business, and there are lots of people in it. You have to have the perspective that in our industry generally, we have about -- as a company, we have about a 0.2% market share. So even with our big customers, individual customers, it's very difficult to figure out what our share of their CapEx actually is. So 'd love to answer that question, but I don't know the answer.
Craig L. Martin: Let me take the turnaround question first. Turnarounds are generally awarded on a turnaround-by-turnaround basis. So each turnaround is its own competition. Sometimes you get them self sourced, sometimes you don't. The turnaround season will start when the weather warms up, for the large part. So we're expecting strong turnaround activity to begin in the -- in our fiscal third quarter and continue through summer. That's one of the things that makes the second quarter a little weaker than we would like it to be, because we don't have a lot of field construction activity and field turnaround work in that January-February timeframe. But if -- there's every expectation, as we sit here today, at least, that it's going to be a good, solid turnaround season. On the maintenance contracts, generally, maintenance contracts have something like a 3-year term. And so there's always something coming up for rebid, either ours or somebody else's, and that's just part of the ongoing business. That's -- our approach is to keep about a year of the maintenance contract in backlog until we get to the end, and then we see what happens.
Craig L. Martin: And generally, the process in industrial businesses as well. So private versus public also tends to have slightly better DSOs.
Craig L. Martin: I think you'll see periods where the trailing growth rates are in the high teens, low-20s. It'll be from a combination of strong markets and good acquisition growth. But our expectation is that over the long term, it's going to be plus or minus that 15% -- well, 15% plus, I hope. And it'll be a combination of organic growth and acquisition growth. And like I say is when you get in a strong upsurge market like we had in that 2006, '07, '8 timeframe, that's when you'll see some of those growth numbers going to spike up. But of course, you'll pay the price for that when you get the kinds of numbers we have today.
Craig L. Martin: Well, thank you all. I think this was another good quarter for us. As I said, I was particularly proud of our team on the cost-control side. We had a good sales quarter. We're looking forward to another good quarter in -- from a sales perspective as we go forward. Still a challenge or 2 in terms of the construction side for this next quarter, but I think the uptick that John described in the outquarters will be a real positive for us. I think we're in a great position to see some good growth for the next several quarters and maybe even the next several years. Thank you all.
Gregory J. Landry: Yes. Well, just a snapshot there. We're actually at historical levels from the stats on engineering side as we talk here today. And if you look into the next 2, 3 years, I mean, on a monthly basis, there's new chemical opportunities being publicly announced between Mobile, Alabama and Corpus Christi, Texas. So we will continue to see pressure on escalation and rates, but it's all good news. The craft side of the business is probably another 8 months to a year away before we start seeing pressure there, but on the engineering side, we're in the throes of it right now.
Gregory J. Landry: No, we're actually seeing some of the owners testing it, but they have not been successful at this point in time. And basically, it's due because of what Craig's talking about. It is establishing foothold, but from a resource basis. They have to bring people in it, which is extremely difficult. And then you go on the construction side, they're pulling from the same resource base as the U.S. firm. So the advantage they have, as they would in the Middle East, I'd use that as an example, of bringing in foreign workers is not as advantageous here in the U.S. So that presents a major challenge for them, to bring what they bring in other parts of the world.
Gregory J. Landry: Well, yes. On the GES plus especially, we're actually broadening our services to Aramco on the GES plus, which should give us lot more opportunities than just the FEED side or on the oil and gas side. But also is that there are other companies that's taking look at the GES model that we were in very good position to capitalize on. So yes, we're quite strong on a -- and particularly in Saudi Arabia on those opportunities. And the UAE, where our business on the oil and gas side is picking up quite well, we are reaching out to more clients and then we've had some nice awards here in the last year or so, so yes, very positive in that part of the world.
Gregory J. Landry: No, that's correct. It's well mentioned, Craig. Again, the opportunities in the Middle East are numerous, and we're sticking to what we do. And the GES plus is expanding, and other GES-type contracts are coming out. But the opportunities outside of that family of contract GES are quite favorable to us, and we have recently won some sizable PMC projects.
Thomas R. Hammond: We haven't seen any change directionally in the level of investments, the projects that are being identified. I do think the difference in this investment cycle, in the last investment cycle, in Canada is that the owners are a little more, I would say -- I don't want to say cautious in terms of investing, but a little bit more deliberate in terms of their project execution. They're not in a race to get to the field. They're taking their time during what we call the design basis part of the projects and the FEED part of the projects. And so it's still probably a year off before the large ramp-up in the field activities in Canada. We would expect the turnaround cycle this year to be a normal turnaround cycle. That's all the indications we have. Of course, that could change. But we're coming actually, coming out of the slow season up there. They break for the holidays in December, January. Part of the winter months are actually the slowest months in terms of maintenance turnarounds and the like. We had a good bit of business in the fall and we'll expect to, say, about mid February, to start ramping up for the spring turnarounds, all of which seem to be kind of on plan right now.
Thomas R. Hammond: No. And the investments up there are very large and they take a long time to reach production, so I don't think that the industry up there is working on that basis. I think the positive things, as I understand it, the governor of North Dakota approved the Keystone Pipeline incentive, approved it. And also, the Canadians are talking about moving forward with the pipeline to the east. And the big one they need is a pipeline to the west, and that's going to take a while, but those conversations all seem to be moving at a reasonable speed.
Thomas R. Hammond: No, I don't think that we've seen any change, and certainly, I don't think it's driven by the fiscal cliff or the budget uncertainties. But if there is a trend over the last 2 years, it's more on the federal side in terms of contracting strategy as they move from large single awards to MATOCS have actually extended the contracting cycle. And so I think we've seen over the last year, the last 2 years, even as we speak today, a lot of the contracts where we're the incumbent have got 3 months, 6 months, even 9-month extensions so the government could go through its bidding process. On the whole, that's good for Jacobs. Since we're the incumbent, we just carry on under the current contract for an extended period of time. But I don’t think any of that has anything to do with budget crisis, this fiscal cliffs. Sometimes elections slows things down a little bit. We maybe saw a little bit of a slowdown, but I may not put in the little-bit category, 30, 60 days, especially since there was -- Obama was reelected. So we haven't seen any evidence of it yet.
