Steve Demetriou: Thank you, John. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 business performance and strategy update. We hope everyone is staying safe and healthy as the pandemic continues to impact all facets of our daily lives and our loved ones. As we work with our pharma supply chain to support the development and distribution of a vaccine, we must not lose sight of the severity of the situation globally. Here at Jacobs, aligned with our core value of we do things right, we will continue to prioritize the health of our employees and our communities. During this pandemic, we have prudently adjusted our cost structure while continuing key strategic investments to position Jacobs to accelerate growth as the economy recovers. We have continued to take deliberate strategic actions to drive inclusivity and diversity of thought across Jacobs as well as making targeted investments to accelerate our digital capabilities. We strongly believe these investments position Jacobs to capture a compelling growth opportunity to emerge as a uniquely positioned strategic consultant and delivery partner across a diverse set of sectors where we have deep domain expertise.
Steve Demetriou: All right. Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. We expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.055 billion to $1.155 billion, which represents year-over-year growth. Adjusted EPS is expected to be a range of $5.20 to $6. It's important to note that our guidance does not include any benefit from material future share repurchase activity. We do expect to fully utilize our balance sheet capacity over time through share repurchases or acquisitions that provide returns in excess of back. Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we expect adjusted EBITDA growth to rebound to double-digit adjusted EBITDA as we benefit from our Focus 2023 initiative as well as potential infrastructure-related stimulus and economic recovery. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Jerry, just sort of at a high level, the two major pillars, really, and the first one is really growth. It's all about driving the next-generation technology growth. We've obviously learned a lot over this past 10 months, 11 months with what happened during the pandemic, and it's really given us tremendous opportunity to accelerate our solution set across a variety of sectors that Bob really covered in both LOBs. And the second pillar is delivering our work more efficiently, effectively. We have a huge opportunity with what we outlined with regard to the way we're going to have a much more dynamic operating model moving forward with flexible workspace, continued remote working. So, a significant opportunity to reduce cost, but that goes far beyond just the real estate and travel. It's really back office efficiency, procurement and a whole host of other things that should deliver significant cost savings. So, those are sort of the combinations that -- again together unleashes a growth trajectory for Jacobs moving forward. Kevin, on -- some more on the financial side.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, on the overall M&A pipeline, it's very consistent with what we've been talking about essentially going back to our 2019 strategy Investor Day, and that is as we just did with The Buffalo Group, we'll continue to look at ways to strengthen our government services business and move up the value chain there. From an overall Company standpoint, we've talked about digital consulting, strategic consulting becoming a bigger end-to-end player, especially on the front end, geographic expansion is another area. So, just very consist of staying core to our strategy.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, Michael part two of your question, I think it's a combination of pent-up demand and accelerating demand over the course of the next 12 months to 24 months. And what I mean by that is pent-up side obviously things like the fact that the life science, pharma industry has been totally focused on COVID-19, but there's a whole host of opportunities there that they need to get back at around oncology and biotech, etc., you think of the whole aging infrastructure dynamics in the U.S. and the UK and other areas that have to be addressed. And I think those two regions specifically the government is now set up to hopefully live up to strong stimulus and funding around infrastructure the next several years. But then you've got the whole accelerating demand that we talked about, which is really driving our Focus 2023 initiative and that's that customers have now come to grips that they all have to get at this and accelerate their own technology platform and climate change issues and opportunities and so that accelerating demand opportunities is going to open up and expand our total available market and create significant opportunity for Jacobs.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, one thing Josh to augment Bob's comment is our attrition rates have continued to be very, very attractive and following. Now some of that could be affected and impacted by COVID, but the reality is with you -- with us being able to deliver, really, really good performance on lowering attrition rates it puts less pressure on attracting new talent, which is obviously a good thing from an economic perspective and capability perspective given our teams. So it works in a circular manner. In terms of focusing on our culture, making people excited and that ultimately translates to a really good picture going forward in terms of gaining access to talent.
Steve Demetriou: I don't know if it was directly affect -- I don't know if it was directly tied to the election, but we continue to see positive momentum in our bookings. Now is that coincidence if they were tied to November election or not, but probably not probably not appropriate for us to speculate on that. Programs have been coming in, we talked about the pipeline, the pipeline continues to be robust and we continue to win a fair share of those. So yes, I think they are two independent events.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, thank you. Just to close out, since the pandemic started the safety and well-being of our people have been our top priority. And in parallel, we've worked hard to deliver on our client commitments. We're going to continue that focus in spite of the virus escalating around the world. Hopefully, you've got a flavor today that we continue to play a role in support of the major pharma clients in the front line of the vaccine therapeutic production and we're encouraged by the recent announcements on the vaccines. And as we close out this fiscal year, I'm proud of the performance we delivered in these unprecedented times and the credit goes to the ingenuity and dedication of all of our people. As a result, we're entering fiscal year 2021 from a position of strength in our key markets, and a collective determination to drive growth through innovative solutions for our clients. Thank you.
Bob Pragada: Thank you, Steve. And now moving on to Slide 7 to review our Critical Mission Solutions performance. During the fourth quarter, our CMS business performed well, demonstrating CMS' resiliency and alignment to the diverse set of high-value sectors we serve, such as national security, space exploration, intelligence, nuclear life cycle solutions and the deployment of 5G infrastructure. Total CMS backlog is at $9.1 billion, representing a 3% year-over-year growth on a pro forma basis and does not include our previously awarded King's Bay intelligent asset management win, which we fully expect a clear protest in early April. Importantly, approximately half of our bookings during the fourth quarter were from new business.
Bob Pragada: Sure. Mike, let me just kind of take it one at a time. Private sector, you know it is really well long-term -- long-term relationships that we have with the private sector clients that we haven't. So if you look at what does that mean for Jacobs, predominantly in the manufacturing space as well as a bit on the environmental side with regards to other industrial clients, we're actually starting to see a bit of an uptick as those clients really look at not only the portfolio mix, but also how they reorganized their global supply chain as a result of the learnings from COVID. So a bit of -- it's -- and it kind of touches the profile of services that we offer. So we can help them with regards to conceptual planning and kind of looking at helping them solve those solutions with other innovations that we have on how they look at that. So on the private sector side, we're starting to see, we have visibility to where those will materialize into other downstream projects and we're in that phase right now. Public sector, steady business and that's a global comment and I'll come back to kind of a nuance between international and U.S., but we are seeing in the U.S. public sector is that the creativity that state and local government have already exhibited for the better part of the last three years to four years has continued, And with some of the extensions, whether it be continuing resolution extension within the government or it would be on the bond measures that have 31 of the 44 bond measures passed in this last election, they're utilizing those types of measures in order to continue on the projects, whether it be in transit or in water. Stimulus would be added to that, we monitor ourselves over what we could see. So that's kind of what we're seeing in the U.S. and the international side the stimulus money is already is -- we're starting to see some effect of that specifically in UK with the 10 point plan already starting to see some early planning work around that. And then in Australia, we're already starting to see some of the effects of those of those money flowing through. So overall we are well positioned for whichever -- whichever way the markets go.
Bob Pragada: Yes, absolutely. Just to add on to what Steve as told, the win rates have been high and we expect them to be -- continue to be higher, but the client challenge is if you look at five years ago versus now, the current challenges are the same. These other dynamics that Steve was mentioning, or accentuating them. And so those challenges now need a different type of solution, which is where Focus 2023 comes into play. So an example, if -- one of the big areas that we have going on right now is around the use of hydrogen power, I'm sorry, hydrogen as a synthetic fuel and really addressing the decarbonization efforts that are going on both in the UK, the U.S., Australia, all over the world and whether it be for power generation for automotive, for ships, for airplanes, to power residential communities, it's across the board and Jacobs is right in the middle of all of that. So again the challenge of the stray away from fossil fuels, not a new one, but now with the advent of hydrogen and other synthetic fuels and the use of technology on how that support, something that we're right in the cross areas of.
Bob Pragada: Great question. And it's the -- war on the talent hasn't slowed at all during the pandemic, that's for sure, but a couple of responses there. One is that we've used the word global integrated delivery, global connectedness, that matters. The folks that we see coming into the job force today are they care about what's going on globally and want to work on really, really neat stuff and that's a great attraction to Jacobs where if I may, either I'd spent half of my career in the mechanical engineering field or new graduate, but yet, I can use my domain expertise and now -- and now work on projects that are effectively changing the face of the world. Then I don't know of another recruiting tool that we could use as that. The virtual aspect of that, I talked about the positive, the other side of that ledger is that the demands on leadership become even higher because in a virtual world we need to make sure that we stay connected to our people and Steve and Kevin in the entire leadership team have really put a high level of focus on making sure that our newer employees feel connected to the culture of Jacobs through everything from town halls to increased communication etc. So there is a balance and it is a new world that we're really excited about.
Bob Pragada: Joe, I got to be really careful with this one. It is a -- it is confidential, it's in the automotive sector and it really starts to rely on deep space satellite technology in order to advance all of the smart kind of capabilities that you would find in a commercial vehicle, but it's unique because it's gone to yet another domain, in order to get that information and really enhances speed and accuracy of what's being fed to cars on the road. So unfortunately that's probably all I could say about it at this point.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Jerry, so if you think about the savings associated with the Focus 2023, I already quoted some of the numbers, but to note that couple of hundred million dollars, almost $200 million of one-time costs that's primarily associated with lease impairment cost non-cash charge. And if you think about what that translates into in terms of the reduction in the -- let's call it the real estate costs going forward, it's roughly $35 million, of which, the vast majority is associated with a reduction in lease costs. So, as you think about that, there is obviously much more savings on top of that, which totaled to the $75 million we talked about with a run rate of an additional $100 million. Those are related to the initiatives about leaning out the organization and the efficiencies gained with ultimately the investments in tools and capabilities and training associated with the Focus '23. It is really clear that we've learned a ton during these last nine months and we're taking full advantage of that and being proactive and leaning forward to, to help take these learnings and create something even better for ourselves and our clients, and our people going forward.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, look, I think as you -- before COVID, actually, the People & Places business was pretty much on target to deliver that, that kind of margin target in 2020 and then got disrupted little bit given the second-half of the year, Joe. But I think that at the end of the day, we're going to be right close to those kind of figures in 2020 -- 2021 fiscal year. On CMS, I think, we're going to be right there in terms of the margin targets that we had characterized back in 2016, kind of mid-8s, hopefully, maybe a little bit higher, but I think that that's what our expectations are for CMS. So, I think we're right there. You have noted in our comments that the CMS margins are going to be driven by a relatively lower revenue growth because we're working off some of these other longer-term contracts, but that could be replaced by a more robust margin profile business over the course of 2021, leading to a really strong margin profile consistent with what the original targets were for 2021.
Kevin Berryman: I would echo the same thing, Steve, that you reemphasized the fact that the Focus 2023 really is while we're getting some cost efficiencies here that the intention is that we're going to be able to reinvest back into some of the digital capabilities that we know are there, which facilitate our ability to win solutions with our clients or deliver solutions to our clients that ultimately are associated with a higher margin profile. So, really is about growth, and it really is about a margin profile longer-term that we would expect to see upward trajectory versus kind of the 2021 figures.
Kevin Berryman: So, thanks for that question. I would say a couple things. One that I hope you're right that we will perform better than those numbers, first comment. But I think, as we think about the balance of next year, the back half of 2020 did have some challenges relative to our revenue being less robust than what we would originally assumed. So, as you think about the working capital dynamics associated with that number in the back half of the year, at the end there is some tailwinds, because we don't have as much of a bills and the working capital numbers in 2020. As we transition to 2021, and if we get to the conversion numbers we're actually talking to, actually we're making further improvements in DSOs because you're now facing an investment back into working capital. So, at the end of the day, we think it's a continuation of that journey to get to that one-time conversion number, which I've always kind of targeted the year 2022 as to getting there.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, Chad, let me take a crack at that and respond. Look, we recognize that our range here is relatively wide. But we also recognize that we continue to be in the midst of a pandemic. And while we feel really good of our ability to have done a great job in the second half of 2020 to mitigate some of the challenges associated with it, we still are in the midst of it. And so I think the low end of our range would be something that we hope never happens, but it would be a situation where the economics are challenged around the globe and that will have situation of that -- of that magnitude, which by the way still results in our ability to be flat versus year ago in a dire economic environment. That's how we would characterize the low end of our range. At the high end of the range, we're starting to be more optimistic as we come out of the dynamic associated with COVID and that we are developing the momentum that we actually think will happen into 2022 faster. So I think that's how we would characterize the range. I think we're being prudent by putting that range there and hopefully it gives you some constructive use as to see what the potential downside is under a pretty bad scenario and what the potential upside is under a good scenario.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, Steven, this is Kevin. I'll just reinforce what I said earlier, I think the first half is more flattish relative to our net revenue figures and back half is less flat, it starts to show some momentum. And so I think that that's how we would see the cadence. We're still in the midst of the pandemic, certainly we feel like we're going to be holding serve relative to our first six months. And given all the strong work that we're doing on everything else, we're going to see some actual margin improvements and profit improvements in the first half, but the revenue cadence is probably little bit more flattish in the first half developing additional momentum in the second half.
Kevin Berryman: So that was a big question. And let me let me kind of parse it apart. So yes, the incremental cost that we are seeing in 2021 are a function of as we now see the light at the end of the tunnel relative to the COVID situation we're positioning ourselves to be reinvesting back into the business to accelerate our ability to deliver profitable growth as we exit this year and into 2022 and beyond. So that's a very clearly the case. And so if you think about that effectively what I guess I'd reemphasize, what I said during the prepared remarks was effectively that $75 million is offsetting some of these kind of come back in costs for 2021. And so as we go then into 2022 and beyond clearly Focus 2023 allows us to deliver incremental benefits and from our perspective, the way that we're envisioning that is, that gives us degrees of freedom to really significantly invest in some of the digitization, training, capability sets for us to deliver the next wave of innovative solutions that are higher margin and deliver even special more special solution to the clients. So as we sit here today, we say look we're going to invest back those incremental monies, but of course each of those incremental investments are going to have to have a return profile that makes sense from a shareholder perspective and if they don't, maybe some of that drops to the bottom line. But our attention on Focus 2023 really is about profitable higher margin growth going forward.
