Craig L. Martin: Well, I can give you a little bit of color but not much. The projects, for the most part, had features that are unusual for us and -- in terms of the liabilities we've signed up for or the way in which the cost-reimbursable part of the project works, and that's created part of the problem.
Craig L. Martin: I'm not yet in a position to quantify the benefits in '15. We think that the restructuring charges will be on the order of magnitude of $0.40 in the coming 2 quarters. So it is a significant number.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think the slow start of the year is certainly a factor. The timing of the SKM acquisition, just the dime that it cost us in the first quarter is a factor. And SKM continues to be a little bit of a factor going forward. As John pointed out, we're not yet realizing all the effects at the bottom line that we expected to get from SKM. On the other hand, we're pretty confident we will get those and in fairly short order. Part of what we've done is accelerate our restructuring and integration of SKM to capture that sooner. Normally in these situations, you don't ever hear us talk about restructuring charges for acquisitions because we're -- we take a very leisurely approach to doing that so as to make the -- as little pain as possible. Under the circumstances with the weak markets, particularly in the mining and minerals area, we're accelerating the integration that we would do anyway. And so it's going to pile up in 1 or 2 quarters. And that's a big driver. But it should give us late '14, '15 kind of timing where we'll see SKM at or even above our original expectation.
Craig L. Martin: I wouldn't say it weakened again, it has remained weak. We continue to see the outlook for mining and minerals as strong sort of fourth quarter of '14, fourth calendar quarter of '14 -- as stronger, maybe I shouldn't say strong yet. But the challenges have been pretty significant in Australia, and we're doing a good job of dealing with those. But one of things we've got to do to deal with them effectively and maximize our profitability is downsize our operations, particularly in the functional areas.
Craig L. Martin: It's in commissioning. So it's not quite done, but close enough. It's not just one project, understand.
Craig L. Martin: No. We think we have a very good handle on where we are. Some of this is going to -- I'm confident will go to litigation. So the final outcome may not be known for several years. But we have a good strong position and I'm comfortable with our reserves. I don't expect -- as I said in my closing remarks, when I said this is behind us, I truly believe that's true.
Craig L. Martin: We continue to look at sources and uses of cash with the board on a frequent basis. And obviously, we're going to be alert to doing the right thing with the cash at the right time.
Craig L. Martin: Well, with respect to the SKM acquisition, first of all, if there's -- everything we see about it, when we look at the numbers, even where we are today, it's going to be a very good deal for the shareholders. So I have no lack of confidence in that situation at all. If I have criticisms of the way in which we handled the acquisition, we knew the mining and minerals market was weak, we knew it would have an impact. I think we could have been more aggressive about obtaining the synergies and doing the integration than we were and that's not normal for us. But I think in this particular case, we probably should have taken a harder look at it, maybe gotten after it a bit quicker, but we're going to remedy that this next quarter.
Craig L. Martin: I think -- my view and our view of the petrochemicals business is pretty consistent with what we told you at the end of the first quarter. It's a good, strong, robust market that customers are being very conservative about releasing projects. But I think the optimism that you're hearing from others is probably mirrored by our own. And my point in my prepared remarks about the fact that we're actually starting to see some of these projects go to the execute phase, detailed design and construction, is an indication that things are starting to unblock or open up, and we're going to start -- well, not start to, I think we'll continue to see projects going to execute, and that will be a positive for us and obviously others in the industry who have that kind of work in the FEED stage today. So yes, I think the market is finally starting to open up and release the bigger parts of the programs, I think that will be a positive for us and the other competitors in the industry.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think our share today is, gosh, low-single digits, maybe less, if you can imagine that. It's a big market and we're still not a big player. But I think our opportunity to leverage up and to take share there is very significant. The impact of acquisitions like MARMAC and Eagleton are pretty significant on our credibility with those customers. And in some ways, it's not different than the comments I made earlier about the intelligence community. Pipeliners see themselves as a club and if you're not a pipeliner, you're not in the club. And so we went out and became a pipeliner by acquisition. And I think the leverage that, that represents is huge. We've seen the Eagleton acquisition grow by 10%, 12% in 3 months, just on the back of us being able to leverage them into 2 projects. So I think the outlook's very positive there, it's a huge market. And I believe we'll -- that's another place where I'm looking to have a $1 billion business in the not-too-distant future. I'm looking at the guy who runs it right across the table from me at the moment and he's nodding his head yes.
Craig L. Martin: We are seeing the clients try to push more risk on to their suppliers. So that's a battle we're fighting constantly. So far, it's a battle we're winning but it is a battle we have to fight every time we look at one of these projects. And that's partly an indication that the market is just not yet truly as strong as any of us would like it to be. So margins are running faintly better quarter-by-quarter, but by that I mean very faintly, we're talking about 0.1 basis point or less kind of growth in a quarter. So it's -- excuse me, it's not a robust market yet by any means. It's not dirt cheap like it was after the bust in 2008, but it's pretty skinny. And so I -- and I think that's going to continue till more of these projects get released into detailed design and execute. Because the demand for a capability, when you're in execute is 4x what it is when you're in FEED. I think that's a very significant difference in terms of the supply of capability on the Gulf Coast. And then, of course, as we move into construction, construction and labor issues will become very significant and that's another factor that will ameliorate this terms issue because willingness of our competitors to take risks that we won't take will go down rapidly when there's no people to do the work.
Craig L. Martin: Well, our share growth is actually quite good. I actually had some data, I don't have it in front of me today, that looked at our share growth in DOD and NASA, those 2 federal markets combined, over the last 10 years and we have sharply increasing growth. We more than doubled that business. And if you look at some of the major players who had significantly more share than we did, say a Lockheed Martin or a Northrop Grumman, their shares have gone dramatically the other way. So we clearly are taking share. But we're doing that on the basis of a really spectacular track record of sustained superior performance. So when our customers in that business look at our past performance, they see a really strong, almost unblemished past performance record. And then we manage to be very cost competitive. And in a MATOC world, the advantages of those 2 combinations are really difficult to beat. When we have both the best price and the best technical offering, we win. And so our share on the MATOC side has been good. Where we've had single award contracts converted to MATOC, we have lost some share. But where others have had single award contracts converted to MATOC, we've gained more share than we've lost on our single award contracts. So the net effect has been an opportunity to grow market share, and our team has been very successful in doing that. I'm very proud of them.
Craig L. Martin: I think it depends on the aspect of the service that you're looking at. If you're talking about things like tower climbing and the work of direct installation, the margins are certainly better than our field services work generally, but they're certainly not at the 20% level. If you look at engineering services, network analysis, those kinds of things, they command a very nice premium compared to the more, I hate to say it, run-of-the-mill engineering services.
Craig L. Martin: Well, these projects, the programs individually run from $50 million to $200 million in terms of capital cost. So just to use a hypothetical number, let's say, that 20 projects have been awarded and we won 12, which is about the right ratio. They'll range in size from, I'd say, $50 million to $200 million, maybe in a few cases, $300 million. So probably you're looking on an average there of -- well, let's use an average of $100 million just to keep it simple. So that's $1 billion worth of work. Unfortunately, I've got no customer who's let me announce that work yet. So I'm not able to give a lot more detail.
Craig L. Martin: Well, and we don't usually have them. But I don't want to ignore the possibility that we could have a big job that didn't go well, and therefore, have an upset, and I don't want to have told you, well, that can't happen because it could happen. But I don't think it's very likely. I think the volatility that you've seen historically is the volatility you're likely to see going forward. Okay. Going back to the earnings growth outlook. Like I said earlier, we're not ready yet to give FY '15 guidance, but I am very optimistic about '15. I think we've got a real opportunity to do particularly well. And obviously, in my mind, that's not ordinary growth. So I guess, another indirect way of answering your question.
Craig L. Martin: The large project gestation continues to be a positive. I looked at a list yesterday in our sales review that must have had 25 projects on it. And these were all the sort of the big ones. And our win ratios continue to be good in that regard. So I'm certainly very positive about where we are. I don't know that we'll win 57% of the big projects. I think that would be unrealistic for us. But I do think our win ratios will be pretty significant and more than adequate to fuel the growth that we're talking about.
Craig L. Martin: We do get a mix benefit from SKM. Their unit margins are higher than industry averages. Offsetting that, their unit costs are higher than industry averages as well. So the opportunity is to keep the margins up and the -- get costs down, and I think we'll be able to do that.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. Regionally, it's South America and Asia, not Australia, and -- although there's one fairly big program in Australia, I think we're going to see. And then it's almost all copper.
Craig L. Martin: I probably can't quantify any specific details. It is an improving market for 3 reasons: more activity on project finance, design build, TTPs, better focus on local tax revenues, particularly sales tax, to support expansions and, of course, we do have a highways bill, for the moment at least. So all those things are positives for the market and we are seeing some decent growth. We're also, because of our positioning, I think we're taking a little market share and so that's a positive for us as well. So I'm optimistic. I think the federal gyrations are less and less critical to the infrastructure market because of what the states and more importantly, the local communities are doing to deal with their infrastructure issues. People are just getting tired of waiting on the feds for money. And so we are seeing a fair amount of activity that's sort of independent of federal funding. And I think that will tend to continue. The backlog is enormous. I saw a study from I think it was McKinsey just the other day, and their argument is there's a $57 trillion investment in infrastructure globally that has to be made between now and 2035, I think that was the date. I mean $57 trillion, that's a really big number. So I remain very positive about our infrastructure business, and I'm seeing us start to get growing share of that market.
Craig L. Martin: Well, the places we're probably doing the best in terms of taking share are rail and water and wastewater.
Craig L. Martin: I want to thank all of you for taking the time to talk with us. It's been a tough quarter and a tough first half. But I really do believe it's behind us. I think we're doing the right things to get the business going in a very positive direction. I think we have a terrific story in terms of backlog growth and our positioning in the marketplace. And I think if you stick with us, you'll be very, very happy with the outcomes as we go forward. With that, thank you all.
John W. Prosser: We will continue to utilize and monitor our cash very closely. We'll look at the long-term uses of cash depending on what the stock does. As we've said before, we always monitor that and have discussions at both management and board level, anticipating where -- how we should use that cash. But we have great uses of cash, just with paying down the debt and getting us in a better position that we generated from SKM. And there are still, while we're not focusing on large acquisitions, but there are still a number of niche acquisitions in a couple of markets that are very interesting that we also want to advantage of. And we think those are at prices that are favorable uses of our cash as well. So we'll continue to monitor that. And depending on the circumstances make what we feel is the right allocation of the capital.
John W. Prosser: Looking at the guidance, we're really excluding some of those impacts. Certainly going forward, the lower rate of earnings that we saw this last quarter are affecting the second half. But we'll get to those and get that straightened out. I think some of the other items that Craig's kind of alluded to, things have been a little slower getting started. So as far as some of the awards in the petrochemical area and other areas, the softness in the market in Australia that affected SKM. I think that also the pricing, the margins at 6 months ago, even 3 months ago, we felt we saw a little bit better improvement in margins and this market has stayed more competitive longer than what we would have anticipated. And so all that, that's probably dampening our short-term outlook a little bit as well. So I think -- and also, if you look at our guidance, which we've revised, but I always talk about midpoints and such, but you guys have gotten out ahead of us by a fair amount as well. So I think that you're a little more optimistic than we were even in our last guidance.
John W. Prosser: You asked the question. You're the one that's on the phone. That was a general comment. When the Street's $0.08 to $0.10 above our midpoint, that seems to be a little bit high.
John W. Prosser: Well, what we're focusing on in the guidance on the second half is specifically these restructuring charges, both related to SKM and other parts of the business are not included in the guidance. My comment was that SKM is not operating at the level that we thought they would this year. That probably will -- that has impacted our guidance going forward, but that's included in our guidance. The operating side of SKM is included in our guidance at a lower level than what was in the original, earlier guidance. But the restructuring and integration costs still are outside the guidance that we provided.
John W. Prosser: And just to be clear, this wasn't just 1 or 2 contracts, it was about a half a dozen contracts that impacted us at various levels. There were 1 or 2 that were more significant than the others. In that charge, there's more than just a couple of contracts.
Michael S. Dudas: And theoretically, the midpoint would still be in the original guidance range that you put out 6 months ago, so I get that.
Michael S. Dudas: For Craig. So again, to finish up my -- the thoughts on SKM. When you said the expectation for the integration and the opportunities are greater today than you'd thought 6 months ago. And I know you won't quantify it, but is there an order of magnitude that you can show or provide us that level of comfort? Is it because of the markets you're serving they're going to get better? Or that the cost structure, combined with the margin pickup, is going to really drive a lot more returns and earnings growth from this acquisition in 2015.
Michael S. Dudas: Yes. I think that's fair. And I'll just ask one final follow-up. You mentioned in your prepared remarks, on the pipeline opportunities, what kind of share do you think you have now? Is it a very competitive market out there for you? And on these large programs [ph] that are coming up for bid, are you -- do you have the manpower and capabilities to gather an inordinate amount of share of that type of business? Because it seems like it's going to be a very large opportunity in the next few years in the U.S. and North America.
