Robert Pragada: Thank you, Claudia. Turning to Slide 10. We continue to be energized as interest in our science-based digitally-enabled solutions remains robust as clients engage Jacobs to solve their most complex challenges. Internally, we remain focused on execution and continuing to deliver against our operational and financial objectives. We reiterate our outlook for fiscal 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $1.53 billion to $1.60 billion, with adjusted EPS of $7.70 to $8.20, representing 9% and 10% growth at midpoints, respectively. This guidance incorporates Q1 adjusted EPS of $2.02 and as Claudia shared, a 26% to 27% adjusted effective tax rate each quarter for the remainder of this fiscal year.  Though we expect a heavier than normal cost structure until separation, particularly in [indiscernible], we anticipate accelerating EPS growth in the second half of the fiscal year.  In closing, we've maintained focus on standing up both independent Jacobs and CMS for success while streamlining and optimizing our operating model and positioning both companies for long-term value creation.  Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Robert Pragada: No. No, the $9 million of transition costs took it to $59 million and then the $17 million that we were able to, from a positive standpoint, move into P&PS and get recoverability on it was it. I will say, Andy, we are making progress on kind of our overall cost optimization or reductions that we started at the beginning of the year, to where we'll be right on plan of what we identified last quarter.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Mike, it's a great question. So the short answer is yes. We are starting to see that margin increase according to the profile and the mix. And I'd probably index more towards the water market right now on the mix. Just to give you a statistic, year-on-year growth in our bookings in water have gone up 30%. The other kind of notable one is what we call cities and places, but it's kind of our built environment business, it's been really driven by the Middle East. That year-on-year has been about 40%. And what's kind of positive about both of those -- and I never thought that I'd say this before, but from a cash standpoint and a margin standpoint, we're hitting company-wide type of margin targets in the Middle East, which is a positive. And then the water sector has traditionally been our higher-margin component of our business. So kind of 2 trends there.
Robert Pragada: Yes. So moving forward, we're starting to see some pretty exciting developments happening within the life sciences world. That -- as we've talked about it before, it's been red hot for several years. I'd say, the last couple of quarters, we've seen -- it hasn't declined, but it hasn't been accelerating the way it was in the past. Just in the last 6 weeks, we've had some really deep conversations but these are Tier 1 clients we've had forever, that hopefully we'll be reporting some really good news next quarter on those jobs.  I did mention the Lilly job in Germany. That portfolio, specifically around GLP-1 has continued to be strong. Novo just announced the acquisition of Catalent. Those Catalent facilities are going to need to be retrofitted and we were already in the middle of Novo's work. So that's a real positive too.  So I'd look at life sciences getting back. And then the chip manufacturing world has been kind of at the -- as our design work continued from an external semi market standpoint, we're now on the upswing of a new cycle. And so we're seeing more work around the tool OEM. So a lot of the R&D work in order to support these manufacturing facilities on higher-powered chips really driven by AI has been a nice early bookings. So kind of concept work that's happening there.
Robert Pragada: Yes, I'd say the answer to the last part, Andy, is yes. And from a margin -- from a P&L margin perspective, we feel comfortable that our year-on-year increase that I mentioned in the script, is real. And so year-on-year margin increased year-on-year. If there were areas where I'd say soft might be too strong, but if there are areas that we've got a high level of attention on, it is the U.K. We've been able to stay flat in the U.K., which is a positive. But we did have the national infrastructure and construction report just published here, I think it was Friday. And the U.K. government committing to the same level of spend, GBP 775 billion over the course of the next 10 years, with some consideration for inflation. So that's an area that we're continuing to put some attention on to make sure that we continue to grow, but overall positive.
Robert Pragada: Yes. So let me just clarify one thing, Andy. The inventory write-down has to do with the Cyber & Intelligence business, and that actually is in the perimeter and will be going. And it's really a part of the separation financials and inventory that we had to disposition. So that's not in the piece that will continue with independent Jacobs. . We see more of it and we're working on this operating model right now. Transportation, water and what we're doing in the built environment around digital enablement, being a strong horizontal cross cutter through now the entirety of the business. So simplifying our reporting as well as taking all the successes that we had within the transportation and water digitization and digital enablement. And integrating them into now what will be independent Jacobs. And so much more to follow on that.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. That's a good clarification. So the first part of your question is yes, those $275 million and the $40 million are still very much in play. I'd say on the $40 million, that's not the -- the $9 million was what was incurred in the first quarter. And so the balance would be over the course of the next 3 quarters, and we're indexing probably more in the first half than the second half. So hopefully, that clarifies that. But yes, we're still on track within the numbers that we highlighted in the previous quarter. The $17 million is not included in that. The $17 million is our costs that are with us. They're recoverable. That's why we moved them into the segment.
Robert Pragada: No, no, no, no. It will sequentially increase over the next few quarters to where Q4 will be above where we were last year.
Robert Pragada: And we'll see that within our reported financials. That's why that -- Steve, that's why I said a few quarters.
Robert Pragada: Sure. So what drives -- I'm going to answer the second part first, Adam. The pipeline as well as the -- we call it stock of work in PA, but its backlog, is driving the optimism there as well as the team really does have better arms around the variable cost structure of the entity. Similar to Jacobs, it's a people business, asset-light and services-oriented. The drop was probably driven a little bit by some volatility with our clients in December. And the discretionary spend of -- and it was kind of more in the U.K. business and around what was going on within U.K. government, defense and security as well as the public sector work. And so that was -- that kind of -- if it stops on a dime, we can't make those variable cost actions. And so we ended up seeing that in the quarter. That has since kind of returned and then we're managing our variable costs ahead of it, similar to what we did in mid last year.
Robert Pragada: Yes. I think we're still in that kind of mid-single digits to mid-high singles. [indiscernible] for 3 years. 3 years has been double-digit growth. And so we're still growing. I think we're probably kind of in that mid-single-digit growth now.
Robert Pragada: Yes. So let me answer the first one, Chad, just writing some notes on. On the grants that are coming out, I would probably -- similar to what I said to Mike Dudas is that those grants are being utilized predominantly in the R&D side, right? Because these larger facilities need to get to full production and so the larger IDM or the integrated device manufacturers are probably thinking more about the semiconductor buy cycle, right, and timing their output or the start-up of those large plants. So those grants then go to where technology advancements are happening, and that's happening at the tool OEMs. And so actually those -- that's kind of driving our bookings right now as well, those tool OEMs. The great thing here about Jacobs is we're inside the technology of the tool and understand the facility requirements for them. So we got a nice position there, and that's what's kind of driving the bookings within the semi piece.  Right now, I'd say that predominantly, it's domestic. We are seeing some activity in Europe around the EU Chips Act. But really, the business is probably more indexed towards the domestic piece. I would say that the country that we're really watching and are in the midst and was just there in December is the growth of foreign direct investment in India.  And as chip manufacturing potentially pivots from China in India, so into India. And so we're kind of on the front end of that as well, both large-scale Indian clients as well as foreign companies that are non-Indian clients coming into India.
Robert Pragada: No, it's gradual. It's gradual. So those [indiscernible] starts the next quarter, I'd say from a full kind of actualization of those costs that goes in, it's about a 12 to 24-month cycle. But just to reiterate, Chad, we're reiterating our year-on-year margin improvement even with the gradual recoverability of that overhead.
Robert Pragada: Sure. I'd say that, so the 2 areas within PA that we're getting 1 actually is kind of ubiquitous in today's world as well as within the PA world. And then I'll go to an end market sector, is the use of AI and AI enablement in our clients' business as a driver of business transformation. And so to kind of toggle here, it's good for PA, it's good for Jacobs, in that the AI enablement is the start of the conversation. I think some clients now this kind of goes to how quickly does that get into an engagement, get into backlog, we realize in P&L. That's kind of where we are right now as far as where we are in the cycle. So AI is a big driver. But the timing and speed of how our clients are embracing it is driving some of the booking cycle.  The second from an end market standpoint is Life Sciences. And so PA has been able to take not just AI, but other knowledge and look at the transformation of the whole clinical study program, especially as that's kind of gotten more patient-centric with different types of therapies for each patient. PA has rightly been right in the middle of all of that. And so that kind of got a tail on it as well.  And then the last one that is really kind of starting to develop in our pipeline at PA is around the use of AI in early-stage drug discovery piece, and it's real, real early stage. I mean clearly, the Tier 1s are way out ahead. But PA does it from more of a standpoint of how that's going to transform kind of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 clients. So some good stuff. I'd say this the timing right now of how quickly those get embraced while clients are thinking about their own business is causing some of that near-term softness.
Robert Pragada: Sure. Yes, I'd say that, that guidance that we've been pretty true to and I kind of -- I mentioned a statistic there that 6% to 9% or mid- to high-single-digit growth and for the last 5 quarters, we've been right there on the high end of that range is where we're seeing the IIJA component of that is we just saw some statistics that we're -- from a time line standpoint, halfway through, but on some of the larger rail and highway specifically, we're 25% outlaid -- 15% obligated and 25% outlaid on the actual money. So it hasn't been a big piece of the growth. But the positive news is that it looks like that 5-year cycle is definitely going to get extended.
Robert Pragada: Yes, Bert. And are you saying independent of advanced facilities to the other kind of non-advanced facility sectors or to inclusive of.
Robert Pragada: I would say it's probably more of winning those projects in the market that I would index towards is water. The pipeline growth in water, and I mentioned it last quarter, Bert, and it actually has continued this quarter. It's not as big as transportation, but if transportation continues at the same kind of clip even with the IIJA comment, but water continues at the rate that it is right now, and we're having this conversation 6 to 8 quarters from now, water and then water and environmental for those 2 are kind of interdependent on each other. I'd say, is the one where we're seeing not only the projects being announced but the funding be applied, and a lot of that is being driven around water scarcity.  And look at what's going on in California right now, it's either we got too much and we got to figure out where to put it or we don't have enough and we got to figure out how to find it and treat it. And so I'm oversimplifying, but that's probably what I'd say.
Robert Pragada: I'd say it's balanced. Probably 50-50. There's a 50% mix, but 50% is a leaner organization with now and we've started as of Q1, a level of recoverability and optimization of our cost structure rather than the straight variability of, if you're busy, you spend and if you're not, you cut, right? We want to get more of in the steady state.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call. A lot of exciting things happening in the business right now, and we look forward to giving you further updates in quarters to come.
