Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Bob. We are pleased with our Q3 results, leading to another solid quarter. Let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter on Slide 8. Third quarter gross revenue grew 1% year-over-year and adjusted net revenue also grew 1%. GAAP operating profit was $260 million for the quarter and included $53 million of amortization from acquired intangibles and $73 million of transaction, restructuring and other costs including $62 million associated with the separation transaction. We now expect our total restructuring costs to be approximately $300 million for the fiscal year, materially driven by higher separation transaction costs associated with our anticipated close now targeted during the second half of September 2024. Our adjusted operating margin was again a strong 11.3%. I'll discuss the underlying dynamics during the reporting segment review. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $1.17 per share and included a $0.31 impact related to the amortization charge of acquired intangibles and $0.49 from transaction, restructuring and other related costs, which again were materially driven by the separation transaction. Excluding these items, third quarter adjusted EPS was $1.96, marking an 11% increase compared to the previous year. Q3 adjusted EBITDA was $392 million and was up 11% year-over-year, representing an 11.5% adjusted EBITDA margin. Finally, consolidated backlog was up 6% year-over-year and the revenue book-to-bill ratio was 1.29x with our gross profit and backlog increasing 5.5% year-over-year. Regarding the performance of our lines of business in the quarter, let's turn to Slide 9. Starting with People & Places Solutions. Q3 adjusted net revenue was up 5% year-over-year with adjusted operating profit up 12%. Our mix shift mentioned earlier, resulted in higher margins on lower revenue growth. Adjusted operating margin of 15.3% was up 95 basis points year-over-year. Our backlog grew by 10% year-over-year, while gross profit in backlog grew 9%. This quarter's critical wins underscore our strength in water, environmental and advanced facilities, reinforcing our leadership position in these key markets. These wins translated into a book-to-bill of 1.53x and a record backlog, as previously mentioned by Bob. Moving to Critical Mission Solutions. Our Q3 revenue decreased 3% year-over-year, while backlog was up 4%. Excluding the announced contract loss mentioned in the prior quarter, our revenue would have been up slightly year-over-year. Our adjusted operating profit was up 1.2% year-over-year, while CMS adjusted operating margin rose by approximately 35 basis points year-over-year to 8.7%, the highest margin in 10 quarters as the business continues to drive operational improvements and margin-enhancing client-facing projects. Shifting to Divergent Solutions. Q3 saw an 11% year-over-year dip in adjusted net revenue and a 40% year-over-year decrease in adjusted operating profit, driven by a one-time year-to-date government rate adjustment and the space-based ISR program delays that were mentioned in the prior quarter. Despite the strategic shift in funding with the DoD, we continue to see positive momentum in our space-based ISR technology adoption leading to pipeline build and expected future backlog growth. Now let's turn our attention to PA Consulting. Q3 saw a modest increase in year-over-year revenue. However, PA delivered a strong adjusted operating margin of 21.8%, reflecting a 60 basis point improvement from the previous year. Our margin results this quarter exceeded our expectations and reinforces our confidence in sustaining a strong margin profile as we continue to expect 20% plus margins in Q4. Backlog increased 4% year-over-year, and we expect improved growth as we enter fiscal year 2025. Our adjusted unallocated corporate costs were $61 million in Q3, and we continue to make progress on simplifying and optimizing our operating model to drive costs down. Finally, I am very excited to welcome Venk to the team. We've been working together closely and I -- and we have made great progress on ensuring a smooth transition. With that, I'll turn the call over to Venk.
Kevin Berryman: Well, Look, Steven, I think it's clear that we're going to have a different reporting structure as Venk highlighted once the transaction closes. So the numbers that you will see in the corporate line will start to change, and we're working through all the recurring segments and all that kind of information for the full year reporting. So you may not see exactly the same number going forward, but you will fundamentally on an apples-to-apples basis, that $60 million, we expect will trend down to $50 million over time. And they embedded into a consolidated result for the company and so you may not see it broken out separately. But that's going to help drive towards that 13.8% EBITDA margin that was just asked going forward. So we feel good about it. Some of that cost will have to be targeted after separation because we still have two businesses to run so -- or three, I should say, with PA. And so more to come on that, but we feel confident about the necessary cost reductions that allow us to get to the 13.8% EBITDA margin.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Look, so what we're seeing is we've been talking about the growth profile in People & Places top line wise and being a little bit more muted because effectively we're seeing more consulting science-based technology, technical and consulting work that's happening. In the backlog and the book-to-bill, very strong book-to-bill is some other types of projects, which include lower margin work, which will, at the same time, create accelerated good top line growth. So it will be a little bit of a reduction in mix relative to the consulting piece versus our current levels. And at the end of the day, it's going to be quite positive because we'll still see, I think, incremental margin over time in People & Places because we've proven our ability to do that. And we're going to see some accelerated growth as well associated with some of these larger, I'm going to call it, projects that involve program management and extended dollars being spent, which will include a little bit greater percentage of pass-through revenue, which has more limited margin than the high-value consulting work that we do.
Kevin Berryman: Okay. So yes, a couple of things. One, when we do the Q4 results, the full year results, I should say, since we're closing in or before the fiscal year ends, effectively, we will report on an independent Jacobs for the Q4 results and the full year results and report it on a historical basis as such as well. And all of the business that's included in the perimeter, which will be merged into the Amentum business, that will be basically assets held for sale. So you won't see that information. We have provided you guidance for the full year similar to how we've established it for the full year. So assuming that it closes at the end of the year, all of those numbers that we just quoted would effectively be met. But you're going to actually see a lower number in the results just because some of it is now going to be because it's being put into equity directly as assets held for sale and you're going to be seeing the independent Jacobs. So a lot of clarity we'll be providing to get you an understanding of what that looks like, Bert, when we do report Q4 results, but a lot of moving pieces, but kind of that's a very general view of how you're going to be seeing our financials reported in Q4.
Kevin Berryman: All of the regulatory approvals on foreign investment and antitrust, all of those kind of things we've already worked through and all has been approved. The only remaining item is the IRS ruling on our private letter ruling that we're looking for, which confirms a view that -- our view that the transaction is tax-free to our shareholders. That's truly what's driving the timing at this point in time. We've been having great discussions with IRS, more to come, but we would expect to get that approval hopefully and over the next month or so. And effectively, that positions for that second half of September close. We've got a lot of things to do with registration for SEC distribution of shares and so on and so forth. But really, the only thing that we were looking for is the IRS ruling, and we feel confident about it.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Kevin. Let me begin by saying I'm very excited to be part of the Jacobs team and a special thanks to Kevin for his partnership and support. I'll now provide a quick overview of our balance sheet and cash flow metrics, followed by consolidated full year guidance. Turning to Slide 10. We posted a strong quarter of cash flow generation, which is indicative of the quality of our earnings and cash conversion. We generated strong quarterly free cash flow of $445 million. Year-to-date, our free cash flow conversion was well above 100%, leading to a full year expectation of greater than 100%. Regarding capital allocation, we opportunistically repurchased $151 million of shares during the quarter, which was up $55 million compared to Q2, reflecting our commitment to delivering consistent return of capital to our shareholders. We have $528 million remaining under our current repurchase authorization. And as we've stated before, we'll continue to return capital to shareholders while remaining committed to maintaining an investment-grade credit profile. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash of $1.2 billion and gross debt of $2.9 billion and our Q3 net debt to adjusted EBITDA of approximately 1.1x remains a clear indication of the continued strength of our balance sheet. Given the strength, we feel comfortable with a portion of our debt remaining current in the fiscal year. We have ample options, refinancing as well as using proceeds from the expected separation transaction for repaying the current amounts. As of the end of Q3, approximately 37% of our debt was tied to floating rates and our weighted average interest rate was approximately 5%. On the dividend front, we remain committed to growing our quarterly dividend. The Board has authorized a quarterly dividend of $0.29 and 11.5% year-over-year increase to be paid on August 2023. Now turning to Slide 11. Given the solid execution thus far, we're narrowing our consolidated adjusted EPS outlook to a range of $7.85 to $8.05, representing 10% growth year-over-year at the midpoint. We expect fiscal 2024 adjusted EBITDA to be near the lower end of the $1.54 billion to $1.585 billion range. This guidance incorporates Q3 adjusted EPS of $1.96 and approximately 27% adjusted effective tax rate for the remainder of this fiscal year. Additionally, this represents 13% EPS growth in the second half of fiscal year 2024 versus the year-ago period. Our expectation is that the ongoing positive momentum in our business will lead to increased revenue growth in fiscal year 2025 compared to our current levels. Once we close the separation transaction, we anticipate an immediate shift in our company's growth profile, positioning us solidly for higher growth and higher margins. As Bob mentioned earlier, the anticipated separation transaction close date is now in the second half of September 2024. As a result, we expect Q3 to be the last quarter in which the results of the separated businesses will be included in our continuing operations. Beginning next quarter, we expect our results for our continuing operations to reflect the new independent Jacobs. Historical results for independent Jacobs will be available following the close of the transaction. And lastly, we're excited to announce that we will be hosting an Investor Day for independent Jacobs on February 18, 2025, in Miami, Florida. We look forward to sharing our long-term strategy as well as our financial target model with the investor community during this event. Additional details will be forthcoming, and we look forward to your participation. And with that, now I'll turn the call back to Bob.
Venk Nathamuni: Yes. Andy, yes, thanks for the question. So I'd say a few moving parts as it relates to the EBITDA performance. So obviously, from the standpoint of EPS, we came in kind of the midpoint of the range as we guided to. Now as far as the EBITDA is concerned, we did allude to the fact that there were a couple of segments that were weaker than we expected. One was obviously the CMS, the Cytec loss that was announced in the prior quarter and then some of the DVS delays that Bob alluded to in his earnings script. But I would say at a higher level, when you look at the difference between the EBITDA performance and the EPS performance, clearly, we had a little bit of a tax benefit that helped us on the EPS front. And then obviously, as you also know, we reported a pretty significant stock buyback so that reduced the share count as well. So I'd say the difference between the EBITDA and EPS is primarily due to those two items. But what I would also point to is that if you look at the P&PS backlog, we feel pretty good about where our profile of that business is heading towards, both from a revenue growth standpoint as well as the margin standpoint.
Venk Nathamuni: And Andy, if I could, I would say just in terms of just what we see ahead clearly, from a Q4 booking standpoint, there's still some good confidence about the strength of those bookings. But in terms of specifics, we'll obviously provide you fiscal 2025 guidance in the next earnings call. And then we look forward to providing a much more long-term guidance, both in terms of the revenue growth as well as our profitability profile when we have the Investor Day in February. Thank you for your questions.
Venk Nathamuni: And Bert, if I could, just having most recently come from the semiconductor sector, we do see this as a secular trend in terms of where the manufacturing footprint is and across different realms of semiconductors and logic and memory, as Bob alluded to, and there's also a geographical shift that's happening. So as we look at our portfolio, we have good confidence that we are pretty well diversified. And then just the scope of the opportunities in front of us are still pretty good. Now obviously, any given quarter, it depends on what happens to the market. But I think if you look at it from a secular standpoint, we feel pretty good about our semiconductor footprint.
Venk Nathamuni: Yes. Yes. Sorry, Kevin, just to add to what Kevin said, in addition to what you said about our business is, obviously, Amentum is going to have their Capital Markets Day in August 13. So we'll have some more color in terms of their business. And then as it relates to ours, we'll provide guidance for all of fiscal 2025 in our November earnings call and then we'll talk about not only the revenue and growth as well as the margin profile. And then later on -- during Investor Day, we'll provide much more color about our long-term growth and operating models.
Venk Nathamuni: Yes. And just free cash flow in just a second, but just to reiterate the point about capital allocation, just given what we see ahead of us in terms of the pipeline and the opportunities in front of us, I think from a capital allocation standpoint, we're strong believers in organic growth as the first use of capital. Clearly, from the standpoint of the free cash flow generation and the balance sheet that we have, we do have the ability, number one, we do want to continue to provide shareholders the opportunity to get dividends, but also we do -- we'll be consistent in terms of buying our shares, repurchasing our shares. And then M&A, as Bob mentioned, is also an option. But the next few quarters, almost a singular focus on execution. Now as it comes to free cash flow conversion, Jamie, you rightly pointed out, we've been generating pretty decent free cash flow. We said we'll be at over 100% free cash flow conversion for the remainder of the year. And as you deep dive into the P&PS business, which is a big part of independent Jacobs, you can expect that free cash flow metrics to improve over time. Again, we'll quantify it as we get closer to the date, but we feel pretty good about where we are and where we're going.
Bob Pragada: Thank you, Venk. In closing, we are invigorated as demand for our science-based digitally-enabled solutions remains strong, with clients continuing to select Jacobs to address their most complex challenges. We are exceptionally well positioned to capitalize on the momentum in the critical infrastructure market, and we remain confident in our ability to grow market share and fulfill the needs of our clients across key sectors. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Bob Pragada: Sure. Mike, maybe I'll address both. I'd say, yes, the gross profit and backlog is definitely being positively affected by two elements: one, our service mix; and second, the end market sector mix. And so on the service mix, I mentioned a couple of times, we are really seeing a fundamental shift in our profile with regards to higher-end science-based consulting and advisory services. And that's not only showing up in our results from a burn profile but also in the backlog. The profile of the backlog is right now at a point in time, heavily weighted towards water as well as in advanced facilities, predominantly life sciences. And those two have a higher margin profile as well, so both are having a positive effect on that. With regards to FY 2025, we were looking forward to potentially another strong Q4 backlog performance, booking and backlog performance leading to confidence in our revenue growth in FY 2025. So, definitely some nice tailwinds there.
Bob Pragada: Yes. Sorry about that. So yes, good visibility there. During the quarter, we -- strong tailwinds in water and advanced facilities in the areas where there was a little bit of maybe some slight -- not decay, but pause, I'd say, in the UK with regards to transport and the election and then the reprioritization of some shifts in the Middle East, specifically in Saudi. Those haven't gone away. And now with the election in the UK as well as some clarity on programs moving forward in Saudi, those also service some positive tailwinds on a mix standpoint going into FY 2025.
Bob Pragada: Yes. I think it's early, Steve. We're going to go through all of that in some details, but we're really excited about the tailwinds that we see for FY 2025, specifically in all subsectors of the infrastructure market and facilities, but we remain very positive.
Bob Pragada: Yes. A couple of comments. Let me start kind of with the U.S. and then work my way around. I'd say in the U.S., the flow of bid activity and pipeline across infrastructure and advanced facility, that hasn't slowed. I'd say the burn rate of some of our U.S. transport work has been a little slower from a burn standpoint, but the level of opportunities have been there. In water, I'd say globally, we have seen some real positive momentum both on bookings as well as burn and that's across all geographies. U.S., Europe to include the UK, Middle East and our Asia Pac and ANZ area. So water has been in that realm as well as advanced facilities really driven by life sciences. So I'd say that just the two areas that we saw as a part of the election in the UK pause was transport. Water kept going in the UK and then the reprioritization in Saudi with regards to some of the event-driven cities oriented work moving more towards the time-based work like the Expo or the airport or infrastructure that's going to be needed with a time element to that in 2026 leading to the Expo and the FIFA World Cup. So these are things that we're continuing to add optimism as we move into Q4 and beyond.
Bob Pragada: Sure. So as far as again what's driving it, clearly, the aging infrastructure is a big piece. The other piece is around combined sewer overflows and what's happening with regards to climate and some of the natural disasters that we're seeing. So I'd say that's accelerating what's going on as well. In the drinking water component, we are seeing an increase in PFAS -- in addressing the PFAS regulations, specifically in the U.S., but also in Germany and in other locations, too. So that's all kind of driving that. Just to quantify it, Sabahat, our pipeline in the water sector is up nearly 2x as it pertains to this time last year. And we are winning a majority of the work that we're going after, hence, the real attention and focus on the growth.
Bob Pragada: Andy, maybe just -- I'll let Kevin kind of clarify the nuances within the backlog, and then I'll talk about kind of the profile as it pertains to the various end markets and we can talk about that profile.
Bob Pragada: Yes. And Andy, maybe I'll just extend on that last thought that Kevin had. So then if you break that, you cited the consolidated numbers on the 6% and the 5.5% in gross profit. If you then translate that into P&PS, which relates to the last comment that Kevin made, that looks like more like 10% on the top line and 9% on gross profit. So you can kind of see the dynamic leaning towards P&PS is growing at a much higher rate.
Bob Pragada: Yes, absolutely. So we really looked at in a consolidated company, what type of corporate needs are going to be needed on more of a homogenous corporate needs are a lot more synchronized across the world. So those movements to global business centers and real streamlining of process protocols and systematic enhancements. Those have been taking place in real time. From a business standpoint, we've already started to transition into optimizing on a lot of our cross-cutting capabilities, program management, digital enablement and other strong sales, market-leading sales functions that will cut across the entirety of the company. So the geographic nuance client-facing entities with cross-cutting capabilities, that structure, it's almost like being in -- with the being the Olympic time right now, it's already in that zone where we're handing off the baton in that section, we're already off and running.
Bob Pragada: Sure. So specifically on semis, Bert, we've been working on this for a while. So clearly, we do, do a lot of work for Intel, and that work is fundamentally on that CapEx program that they highlighted three or four years ago. We had substantially worked our way through that. And so the news that's come out has got a minimal effect on us. The diversification of our services that we perform for Intel, those kind of ongoing sustaining capital work that we do around tool installs and retrofits and layout dependent type work, that will continue. So -- but the good news is that our diversification into memory customers as well as other logic customers that are doing work in the U.S. and in Europe, that's continued, and we'll have, hopefully, some good news to share next quarter on that as well as some of the geographic expansion that's going on in places like India. And so we have some really positive momentum going on, on that front. So overall we're still bullish on the sector, and we'll continue to accelerate growth.
Bob Pragada: And then on life sciences, yes, that's really going well right now. And it's probably a lot of discussion around GLP-1. But what we're seeing is Alzheimer's and oncology drugs still making a really big play. So the two big players that are in the GLP-1 sector, that is a big part of our work, but the new awards that are coming through, whether they be in the contract manufacturing space or in these other players that are -- have got a really nice pipeline of drugs coming into oncology as well as in Alzheimer's. Those are -- that's really driving that optimism too.
Bob Pragada: That's on the existing work, Bert. What we announced goes past that. So we're already on site doing phase 1. What I -- so my comment was around phase 1. Phase 2 is now just starting.
Bob Pragada: Sure. Maybe I'll take the first one, Jamie, and then Venk can talk about going forward, what free cash flow conversion looks like. But I think initially, we've got a lot of options. And our primary focus in the quarters that followed the separation is execution and performance and really driving that long-term margin growth profile. We like the positioning that we're in, in each of the end markets as well as geographies that we sit in. So it's not like there is an imperative that we need to do M&A in order to catalyze growth. We've got a great growth trajectory organically. And so proving that out, not even proving it out, executing on the plan that we have right now, we've got a lot of confidence in. Past that period, we've got -- you said it yourself, we've got a great balance sheet and we've got a lot of options, and it's a great place to be. So much more to follow on that. On free cash flow, I'll let Venk talk about that.
Bob Pragada: Yes. The backlog performance -- the bookings and backlog performance, Chad, has been really, really solid. In fact, the 1.53, we had to go back to see if that was a record in itself. And so we're confident that we're going to be going into 2025 with some really solid growth projections, which we'll be very clear about when we articulate. So that's kind of on the financial and the lagging indicator, the answer is yes. On the leading indicator on the pipeline as well as where we sit in the markets where the pipeline is growing the fastest, water and advanced facilities being highlighted. That also gives us a lot of confidence, too. So short -- a long way of answering your question, the answer is yes.
Bob Pragada: Yes. So on the -- on our optimism around the P&PS margins and then how that will translate into go-forward margins for the whole company, I think on Slide 11, we did give some guidance on greater than 14.9%. So it probably highlights the optimism that we have on our current reporting structure with regards to that element. And then on Q4, similar to last quarter, Chad, I wouldn't make those comments unless we had already booked work in the first month of the quarter. So I can't quite announce those right now, but you'll see that when we report out on Q4.
Bob Pragada: Yes, Jerry, without giving any kind of quantifiable number on where that number is going, I'll say that this our pipeline, where we're positioning the end markets that we sit in today and in the tailwinds with regards to our bookings performance on that gives us a lot of optimism. And so in November and when we report out on the full year for independent Jacobs as well as going into February and along the way in between, we'll put a lot more clarity as well as quantify what that means. But overall, I think hopefully, you're hearing some real optimism in our voices and in our performance on getting to exceeding the performance that we had for the last five years.
Bob Pragada: Yes, I'd say there's been an acceleration in the dialogue, right? And now those translating into those programs that we either paused or in anticipation of being put out to market. I think that's kind of the next phase. So over the course of the next 6 to 12 months, I think we'll see that. Interesting enough, Jerry, the water sector in the UK has not paused at all. And so that continues on. And then with PA, think about this in the UK specifically, as well as globally, PA has about a 50:50 private sector, public sector mix in their business. The public -- the private sector in PA this quarter grew 11% year-on-year. And the public sector was kind of in this election pause. We see that kind of coming out as well, which gives us optimism not only in the Jacobs business, but in the PA business too, moving into FY 2025.
Bob Pragada: Sure. Louie, thanks for the question. IIJA, I think these are industry numbers. So 60% appropriated, 30% spent. So yes, there are -- there is work that continues to flow. Right now, I think that the hurdle is 2026. I said it before, that's probably going to continue to go past 2026 as we discussions about a second IIJA, which we'll see where that goes within the congressional floor. But we are -- it is driving that backlog performance and our conversion rate on that as well. I will say this is that on the CHIPS Act -- I'm sorry, one more comment on IIJA. IIJA, the grant money you can see, and that's some of the work that we're seeing that's just in transport, but in water as well. CHIPS Act, those jobs that have received CHIPS Act money, we've been involved with those. Remember, those were pretty much designed and already in the field and then received the funds. Just kind of next wave, we're on the front end of. And so I think that CHIPS Act money will continue to flow and represent a nice tailwind for us.
Bob Pragada: All right. Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining the earnings call. We look forward to providing further updates and visiting with investors and analysts in the months to come. Exciting times ahead and look forward to staying very open and transparent with the market as we move forward. Thank you.
