John Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and good morning, everyone. I'll briefly go over the financial highlights for the quarter, and then, I'll turn it over to Craig Martin to do the business overview.  If we turn to Slide 4, that's the highlights for the quarter. We did report earnings per share of $0.71 for the third quarter. That was on earnings of $90.7 million for the year-to-date. Diluted EPS was $1.86 on earnings of $236.7 million. Backlog was right at $14 million. That was flat with the prior quarter and up from a year ago. We continue to show -- we have a very strong balance sheet. Our cash position continues to be very positive at $773 million. If you're looking on a net cash basis, we have about $222.6 million. A couple of big uses of cash this quarter were the -- or more significant uses of cash were the acquisition of the building that we -- one of the buildings we occupy in Houston as we bought out the end of the lease there and the closing and purchase of CES in India. And also, as was contained in the earnings release, we have continued our guidance for the balance of -- or for the fiscal year at $2.40 to $2.80 per share. Turning to Slide 5. This is just a track of the history of our earnings, and I think a very good sign is that for the first time for a few years we've actually turned up and the trailing 12 is above the results for last fiscal year. I think more importantly, as you look at the bars that are underneath the graph, which gives our 10-year compounded annual growth rate, it shows that we still are exceeding that 15% target EBITDA over the 10 years even with the downturn of the business that we've experienced over the last couple of years. So I think it's a positive sign that we are starting to grow out of that bottom. Turning to Slide 6, backlog. Backlog, as I said, was flat quarter-over-quarter, but up by about $500 million when you look at it year-over-year. I think with the increasing revenues we had this quarter, the sales rates at $2.7 billion was a positive sales result even though the resulting backlog still is flat. I think in a growing period like this, we do have projects that tend to be lumpy at times and I think it was a good sales quarter even with the backlog being flat.  And with that, I will turn it over to Craig to review the business overview comments.
John Prosser: Well, we've had a policy now for at least a few years of keeping our guidance fairly broad and -- but within the range of probabilities and such. Clearly, as you get out to either end of the guidance, the probabilities fade if you look at it as a bell curve, and we just felt that things were on a positive outlook. They were in line with what we've kind of been expecting, and so there really was no reason to change the overall guidance. It seems like every time we fiddle with the guidance, even if we think it's positive, you guys take it as a bad sign. So we just left the things the way they were.
John Prosser: Yes, at this point, a lot of the changes in both the gross margin and the operating margins are being driven by mix. A little bit, as Craig said, is starting to creep in some -- a little bit of price improvement, but that's still creeping in. It's not a major contributor. I think going forward, certainly over the next few quarters, we can expect the strength in the professional services side to continue. But as some of these things, particularly up, say in the oil sands and other opportunities move from the study phase and the detail engineering phase into the field, you'll start seeing a trend in backlog pickup on the field services side as we've been talking about now for a few quarters. And that will have a dampening effect on margins, particularly gross margins, because the gross margins from the field activities tend to be significantly lower than they are from the professional services. So I think you'll see some of the benefits of price improvements as a positive. But in the mix shift, as you go through '12, you'll see that as kind of a dampening effect on the price increases just in the relative mix. But of course, with the construction revenues, as that improves, those tend to be a lot bigger dollars. And so you'll see the revenues growing a little bit faster as those construction revenues start coming in.
John Prosser: We have a strong history of controlling our G&As. And certainly, since a lot of our professional services is driven by people, and that does have some impact on it, the G&A growth tends to lag the revenue or the activities. So as we put people and put them to work, the G&A part of it doesn't grow as fast, particularly in the early part of this where we have some -- a little bit of excess capacity as far as office space and workspace and such. And some markets like up in Canada, there's -- where we're growing a little faster than others. We might see some -- a little more pressure on G&As just as we have to incrementally maybe add some space and such. But even with that, you'll tend to see the G&As growing a lot slower than the revenue or the margin growth. And that's part of the leverage strength that we get so -- to get that bottom line 15% growth.
John Prosser: That results from an accounting adjustment with the acquisition of CES, since we owned a piece of CES before we bought this. We owned 15%. We added 55%. Accounting literature requires you to go back and revalue the piece that we own before for the price that we paid, and so that is what's in that other income.
John Prosser: Well, at this point, we're not giving any guidance for 2012. Our guidance is for '11, but I will confirm that we still have the 15% growth as our target. And I'm just not going to confirm when we're going to get back to that exactly. But obviously, next quarter, when we finish the year, we'll be giving guidance for next year and you'll -- we'll see where that is.
John Prosser: We did not and we're not. As our past policy is, once we get them in, we're just going to stop talking about them as a separate unit because they've already or starting to be put into the various units. I mean, obviously, the big part of Aker went -- the majority of Aker went into Mining and Minerals but they also affect the other and pulp and paper and power. And they affect chemicals and some of the projects that we've been talking about and you guys have heard about or joint wins that were contributed to by not just Aker folks or Jacobs folks, the ability to build those teams. But having said all that, they're right on target to what we expected and in line with where we've expected them to be coming out of the last quarter where we had 2 months and into this quarter where we have the full operation.
John Prosser: I would say that your characterization of a bell curve that the midpoint is the most likely -- is very good. And beyond that, we're not going to go to all the pluses and minus that could happen to get anywhere to the outside. Just it has -- after extremes, the probabilities are pretty low.
John Prosser: And Steve, looking at the guidance, it's the same as what it was so we're basically on track with where we were and so it kind of met where we expected.
John Prosser: It dropped a little bit, but it dropped, but it has -- a lot of that is the continued ramp down of Motiva as we go through that and also the completion of a couple of other larger projects that we'd continue to work on. That goes in line with the construction revenue continuing to drop a little bit. But we don't look at margins x pass-throughs because that does involve volumes and such -- I really can't comment on margins x pass-throughs because that's not a metric that we really follow.
John Prosser: Now I would say that the ones we've done, particularly the ones that came over the last 2 to 3 years have pretty much tracked where we expected them to and they have made the contributions that they expect. And Aker is the biggest one and it's -- from even looking at last quarter, it's positive, but it will get more positive as we go forward. I think both because of as you work off some of the amortization intangibles, those kinds of things, but also just because that market and the market contributions that they have will be good adders. But I think the other acquisitions that we talked about were a lot smaller, so they're a little harder to see incrementally by themselves. But as we look at follow-up, they seem to be on track and doing what we expect them to do.
John Prosser: The Aramco was awarded after the quarter end, so it wasn't. Redwater, as we said -- I think right now what we're doing is mainly owners engineering support. So there is some in the backlog, but it's just those earlier pro-services. And also, if there is additional awards or different expansion of the scope, it will get added when they get awarded.
John Prosser: I think that would be our outlook now just because of the projects we're doing. The engineering, the front end with -- on scale that would, as they go through their phases in such that you'll start in '12 seeing some of that moving into the field or getting ready for the field, and you'll see those phases being awarded. So we'll probably show up in the backlog first and then we'll show up in the field service revenue.
John Prosser: We don't break that out. It's just all in our contract revenue. And most of it's in field services, I would guess because our field services backlog is coming down like the pass-throughs working through revenues are coming down. The pass-throughs that are in the backlog have probably come down proportionately. But again, we track our contracts as what's going to go through our books and backlog and what's going to go through our books and we don't spend a lot of time breaking it down between pass-throughs and our others, and so we just don't monitor those numbers.
John Prosser: You keep wanting me to give guidance within the guidance. So I think that -- I mean, we've talked about a lot of them everything from governments, the economy to world markets and such like that. I think beyond that, we just go back to it's a bell curve and the most likely scenario is somewhere in the middle of that bell curve. And as it goes out, it gets lower probabilities, and those probabilities are affected by a lot of different variables and we can spend another 2 hours just talking about all those different variables, and we're not just going to do that.
John Prosser: Generally, the public market tends to be a little bit longer paying. Their terms and conditions tend to be a little bit longer on payment terms. And in the construction field services, we tend to have less of that in the public market. So you don't get even the benefits of some of the better payment terms in that market on when you do it because we just -- we don't do as much of that construction. What we're seeing as the professional services increase, then those tend to have a little bit longer payment terms even in steady markets. And right now, we are seeing customers that are pushing back a little bit on the terms and where 3 or 4 years ago, we were getting -- being able to negotiate better payment terms on -- particularly in the private sector. Now that's turning around and they're pushing them out, but we're talking about from 30 days to 45 or from 45 days to 90, those kinds of things. And the effect as -- the construction, we, more often than not, we get some kind of 0-based funding or favorable funding on that. So -- and because it is a lot of cash flow or pass-through to contractors and such, we hold the payables and pay when paid type of the things. So you do get positive better cash flow out of the construction.
John Prosser: Well, I think we'll answer both of those questions. First on the miscellaneous income, other than this one impact this quarter, I don't think there's any structural change in that. It's plus or minus every quarter depending on just a lot of different things, but it's miscellaneous income. But on the tax rate, we are seeing some benefit of some of the mix in revenue particularly with Aker coming in, majority of their business comes from South America, Australia. They have a little bit better tax rates than here in the U.S. So that really -- we expect to see the rate improving, the improvement we saw this quarter to be structurally there going forward as well.
Craig Martin: Well, I think that what's going on with the U.S. Federal Government will have some negative impacts on the business. And I think it will make it more challenging to grow than would otherwise. But with a few exceptions, our market share of the federal government business is still relatively small, and so I think our focus will have to be on taking market share from some of our competitors on some of these key businesses. That probably implies some pricing challenges in terms of more aggressive pricing but certainly that's something we're in a position to do. I think as we've said for many years now, when we can get 2/3 of our markets, 5 out of 8, 6 out of 9, relatively positive, we should do okay. And I think that's the position we're in today. We've got good strength in some markets, not so strong in some other markets. But on a net basis, I think we probably got a net positive working for us, absent some sort of severe breakdown in government spending.
Craig Martin: It isn't really possible to quantify it, and I'm looking at the numbers on an aggregate basis. I really haven't made any attempt to break it down. I always look at unit margins on a Jacobs-wide basis, and that's what the basis of my comment.
Craig Martin: Increasing headcount in 28 of the last 30 weeks. And more than -- the 2 weeks where headcount was down. It was down very, very slightly. But these aren't giant increases in headcount on a week-over-week basis, but they're just indicative of the overall positive trend in our business.
Craig Martin: I think you've characterized my remarks correctly. Let me just kind of comment on some of the individual markets. The chemicals market is, as I think I said, very robust. It's every bit as good as we thought it was going to be, maybe even a little better. The oil and gas market is also very robust, and so I would also give it sort of the double plus. Refining's better but it's not robust by any means yet. The other markets are pretty robust, but about where we thought they would be. I wouldn't get too carried away about those. We've always said Mining and Mineral is a huge opportunity. Nothing about that has changed in our mind. And PharmaBio is good but not great. So as you go through the private sector markets, there are probably 4 that are truly upbeat and 3 that are just doing better. In the public sector markets, I think there is the uncertainty about our federal government. You'd have to put a concern there that's maybe I'm not quite as concerned as I was a quarter ago, but it's not -- there's still a lot of reasons to be concerned. The Buildings business is actually okay, probably not a plus, but not a minus either. And the Infrastructure business I view the same way, probably not a plus, but not a minus either. So the biggest uncertainty still is the federal government. Like I say I'm a little less concerned about the NASA part of that than I was, but we don't seem to have clear leadership in Washington, and so it's difficult to predict where they're going to go. And so you just have to -- I'm not smart enough to guess where those guys are going to end up. So I'd have to put a question mark on that business still.
Craig Martin: More, yes, maybe it's -- I think this is one of those things where I get incrementally more optimistic. So I was a little bit positive last quarter. I'm a little more positive this quarter, but I'm not running around declaring victory just yet.
Craig Martin: There is no material impact of any kind. I mean it's -- the part of the work that they have suspended is work where we had a very, very modest involvement sort of as a monitor and observer of the work being done by others. So while the capital numbers were large, I think there was $370 million reported. The impact on our company is not material.
Craig Martin: The problem with -- particularly, these studies don't really do much to grow backlog, if you know what I mean. So the growth in backlog in this business, if anything, will be more lumpy than some of our other businesses. And of course, because of our policies about press releases, you may not see it in the backlog any sooner than you see it in the press release or vice versa. But I do think -- we gave you a long-winded answer to a question that says yes, I think you'll see some significant additions to backlog for major projects as we go forward. We may or may not be able to press release those. If we are able, we will; and if we aren't able, you'll see it in the numbers.
Craig Martin: Let me take the first question, Jamie. What we saw in this quarter is that unit margins improved very, very slightly. It's the first time in several quarters where that was true, and my optimism comes from coupling that with my comments earlier about steady increase in staffing, unit margins up very slightly for the first time in many quarters and a billable hour trend, which I haven't mentioned, is also positive. So I add all those things together and I hope, I guess, maybe is a good way to describe this that we're starting to see the bottom from -- we've seen the bottom from a unit margin's point of view that we'll start to see margins improve. That will be a very slow process because it still involves our competition starting to load up the work and the pricing pressure coming off. So it's not to say that we aren't still challenged from a margin point of view. I just think it's a little bit of good news that we haven't seen for a long time.
Craig Martin: We're getting some, yes, and it is being reflected, but it's not so much -- what I'm talking about here is not so much utilization-driven as it is pricing.
Craig Martin: Well, let's see. I really don't have -- I'm really not in a position to respond on a month-by-month basis but there is nothing about our guidance that was based on some sort of trend that developed during the quarter. And in terms of July so far, we're very happy with what's happening.
Craig Martin: I think Europe will be at best slightly positive and more likely to be neutral. It's a pretty much a complete mini-Jacobs in the sense that we serve almost every market that Jacobs serves globally we serve in Europe. So we have the same sort of situation vis-a-vis the markets, but we just don't have the intensity of investment in Europe that we do in some other parts of the world, even in the Gulf Coast of the U.S. if you get into the process business. So it's not going to be a strong geographic market for us. I don't think it will be a drag, but I don't think it will be a strong market.
Craig Martin: I think we'll continue to achieve some cost savings from the integration of our recent acquisitions. I think there's some money to be saved there. But because we are on a growth track, we're going to start to see investments to support our growth, office space, computers, desks, all that stuff is part of our business going forward. I'm pretty happy with where we are. If you start taking out acquisitions, we've held the line on G&A really well for quite a long time now. So I also expect to see some pressure on things like wages as we go forward. Once we start to see -- it'll be -- it'll come with the pricing. So we're in the zone, but I think you should expect some incremental growth going forward.
Craig Martin: I think we'd be comfortable with taking substantially more leverage. I don't think we'd be bothered if we had $1 billion of debt on the books given the size of the company today and our ability to leverage these acquisitions. So we've got a lot of runway out in front of us. Also remember that the company generates lots of cash. And so as we look at acquisitions and look out into the next 4 or 5 years, in fact, I've been looking at a new cash flow analysis just recently. We don't see any limitation on our ability to make acquisitions as part of our growth strategy.
Craig Martin: There's hasn't been a lot of incremental improvement. I think we're getting better at how we approach these MATOC contracts that I mentioned earlier, and that's a positive going forward. But the market is still not what I would characterize as robust.
Craig Martin: Well, I'm cautious about these projects when they're announced until they're fully funded and we're fully engaged. Redwater wasn't a surprise in terms of our engagement in it whether we're going to see $5 billion worth of revenue out of Redwater remains a very open issue. So it's not to say there aren't bigger projects, but our view continues to be that our focus is sort of on the medium-sized projects and down. And when bigger projects come up, that's great, but things north of $2 billion really aren't our focus. Doing good work for clients and applying our know-how, that's the focus. And the Redwater really comes out of our strong capabilities in the kinds of technologies that are involved in the project.
Craig Martin: So the other thing to recognize, Alex, and we said this before, is it that the composition of backlog doesn't change rapidly from quarter-to-quarter, so what's in backlog tends to be reflective of what's in revenue, and they move together relatively speaking. So I think you can take some insight from that.
Craig Martin: Well, certainly, we are able to get 15% EPS growth without getting 15% revenue growth, and for exactly the reasons you've outlined because we're able to leverage the revenue line and the gross margin line against the SG&A line. So that's the model and it's a combination of revenue growth organically plus what we can do inorganically through acquisitions that's going to drive that 15%.
Craig Martin: Absent some big federal problem, I think we'll be able to maintain a steady backlog in the federal business. It may be up and down from quarter-to-quarter, but I have a lot of confidence on our ability to win work in that marketplace. Now I can't predict what our government's going to do as we said earlier, so that could -- that all bets could be off in that regard.
Craig Martin: Well, there's always projects like that. I could probably think off the top of my head of a half dozen potentials that would have some significant impact on backlog. But remember, for the most part, we're not trying to chase the multibillion-dollar kinds of events. So when I say all those could be good additions to backlog, I'm not talking about adding $1 billion to backlog in any case.
Craig Martin: Sure. Not exactly sure how to say that. What we see is tremendous investments sort of starting at the wellhead and then going through gas gathering and collection, gas treatment, liquids removal, transmission. It's not -- I guess it's not different than any other gas business except when you get down the hole, and there the technology issues are different. But for us, this is from above the ground sort of from the wellhead up business, and it really involves understanding how to design and deliver the wellhead and everything that connects to it. So with the investment levels that people are talking about, there's going to be a tremendous amount of opportunity in that business, and we are capitalizing on it and we expect it. And there's even -- it's interesting, there's even a whole infrastructure of the development that we also are able to capture because of the nature of our business and the diversity of it. I don't know if that answers your question, Stewart, but I'm...
Craig Martin: No. The high-value engineering center in India is still more than adequate for our needs. We see lots of opportunity to grow. India both as a market for us and as a resource for the rest of our business is one of the real bright spots as we go forward. We're now the largest engineering company in India by quite a little bit, and we expect to grow aggressively on that base. The challenge with India obviously is it takes a lot of rupees to make $1. And so you got to have a lot going on in India to contribute meaningfully to the bottom line.
Craig Martin: As I think we have said many, many times, backlog is lumpy and some quarters are flat, some quarters are strong. If you look at the trailing 12 on backlog, our trailing 12 sales are the best we've had since the second quarter of '09. So while flat sounds bad, we don't see it as bad at all. And we continue to feel like that our business is improving and expect to see continuing improvement in that trailing 12 sales number.
Craig Martin: Well, I just want to thank you all for your participation and your interest in the stock. I think things are clearly getting better for us and that the outlook is more positive. I still think we need to put a little caution on that positiveness, but overall, it's a business that's improving every day. Thank you all.
Noel Watson: Well, some of the work coming out of GES plus, we will have the press release and it will be big. I think that's about the answer I can give you right now. I think if you folks follow the literature, we still are the only GES plus contractor registered in the Kingdom to do the work. That will change the time obviously. So we've had a very nice head start. So we expect some of the material coming into GES plus to be significant. I probably shouldn't say any more than that right now.
Noel Watson: Well, I think what we'll have is that GES plus is set up for a wide variety of programs, trying to drive the work in country and they will still continue to spend money outside the country with other engineering firms, including Jacobs Engineering, I might add, since we have numerous projects around the circuit that are not through the GES plus system. But the GES plus is designated to support some very real work as the Kingdom tries to drive work in country and get more and more of the work done in country. And so GES plus from the Jacobs' perspective and from the Kingdom's perspective is a very long game.
Noel Watson: Well, I think what I'd say to you on that is certainly, the Kingdom through Aramco is spending a lot of money and the continued spending seems to be there as far as the eye can see, particularly when you consider, it seems like oil permanently launched itself away from the $20 levels at the early part of the decade and some number that's -- who knows where it is but $70, $80, $90, $100, maybe a lot more than it, who knows. So there's a lot of money being spent. There's a lot of activity going on, not only going on with what's going on with Aramco per se, but going on through a bunch of the joint ventures that Aramco has with other companies, and we're involved in several of those. So there's going to be a big kind of spending up there. Yes, Jacobs is rumored to going to have a nice big piece of it, and we're not going to comment on it. As you say, but those are all rumors. They're prevalent in the market. But through the GES plus contracts plus the other work that we have with Aramco, there will be a lot of Middle East work in the Jacobs house as we look out here towards the end of the year.
Noel Watson: I don't think it's ever easy to win work, when you're in with the kind of competitors we face. But we do have some advantages in being in Kingdom on the grounds and recognized by the Aramco folks as being the folks stimulated always, have given us a leg up in certain areas. I think that's just factual.
Noel Watson: Well, you got to look at what we're doing in the Middle East, okay. We're doing FEED. We're going to do P&C. We're going to do EPCM. We're going to do all of the above. We're not taking big lump-sum risk and the customers there understand that. So the risk probably will not be a lot different from the normal slate of Jacobs' work, probably the best answer I can give you.
Noel Watson: Well, I think what we have to look at is you got to remember, the Middle East is a global market, and the idea that the project is going to be wildly profitable does not exist, okay? It's very competitive out there, as I said earlier. It's going to stay very competitive. So the margin flow from individual projects will be comparable probably to what you're getting on other global projects around the world. Remember, we're not taking big lump-sum risk. So there's no wild-eyed profits coming at us, but there's not a lot of risk coming at us either. The risk will be on the performance side. If we do good work out there, all these projects would be nice and profitable.
