John W. Prosser Jr.: Thank you, Patty, and good morning everyone. I will spend just a few minutes going over the financial highlights, and then I will turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to give a business overview for the quarter. If you turn to slide four, first quarter highlights, we did report this morning a diluted EPS of $0.58, net earnings of $72.4 million. These results included a $5.8 million, or $0.04 per share, charge for some consolidation of real estate done in Houston, Texas. That charge actually shows up in our SG&A line for those who are interested.  The backlog for the quarter ended at a $14.9 billion, down slightly from last quarter and a year ago. We have continued to have a very strong balance sheet. Our net cash ended at $941 million. Now, that is in light of the fact that we did have cash going out for the acquisition of TYBRIN, and the final payment on AWE in the United Kingdom. So, we still had a good quarter for generation of operating cash. We are reconfirming our fiscal year ‘10 guidance of $2.00 to $2.60 a share.  Turning to slide five, while the overall chart is a little disappointing in that we are seeing a downturn in last year and this first quarter, if you look at the bars underneath the graph which give us a ten year compounded growth rate, you still see that we continue to have a very good track record as far as our longer term growth rates and meeting our long-term goal of providing a 15% return and growth to our shareholders. Turning to slide six, our backlog. The overall backlog as I said was at $14.9 billion. The professional services backlog was at $8.2 billion. While the overall backlog was done a little bit from last quarter, the professional services was flat with last quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Craig to talk about the details of the quarter.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Yeah. TYBRIN, obviously we closed it at the end of the first quarter so it did contribute. It wasn't material in the overall sense and so it contributed about $300 million in total backlog, virtually all in professional services and just to kind of offset that we also had some continued cancellations of just under $200 million kind of offsetting so those two together kind of offset each other.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Well certainly as we've been saying this is a relatively small acquisition as to our overall size and with what you have to do with amortization and tangibles there won't be any measurable accretion by 2010 and certainly as we get the synergies out of it and apply their expertise onto some of our projects and vice versa, we would expect to see some growth going forward just beyond what we acquired.
John W. Prosser Jr.: We really don't give specifics on that. It wasn't that material, but it was in the market range that we've been talking about.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Well, certainly from the operating side we expect to continue to see positive cash flow. Basically our bottom line turns into cash from an operating standpoint and obviously if we continue to focus on acquisitions and are able to get to the point where we're closing them, those will be the major draw on the cash flows. So the inflow is probably more predictable than the outflow.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Well, if you take the charge out it's actually down a little bit. There's also factors in there, bonus accruals, things like that, that are based on how well we do and things like that, but we continue to take action. Sometimes the action we take take a little bit longer to show up than what we anticipate be it personnel actions or like we did with Houston where we consolidated offices and things like that, but we still believe that the trend will be down and really what we're saying I think last quarter when we were talking about it was that we certainly expect by the fourth quarter this year that it'll be down below where we were last quarter or where we are today.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Yes, on an absolute dollar basis. Percentages on G&A when you're looking at percentages of G&A versus quarter to quarter, because of the mix and the fact that not a lot of G&A goes with the field services and as you look at our revenues this quarter versus last there was a change in mix and the field services came down a little bit as part of the mix. So it could make the percentage look higher because as the G&A really follows the professional services revenue much more than it follows the fuel services revenue. So we always look at it in absolute dollars because the percentages can just be influenced by too many other forces. 
John W. Prosser Jr.: Well, for the acquisition we spent close to $330 million and the capital spend, I think that was actually in the press release for just the routine stuff which was relatively modest which it always is. And particularly in this case of an environment. So we also ended up borrowing a little bit so our debt went up about $100 million so that added into the financing had to do with some overseas stuff. So that kind of is the parameters of the acquisitions.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Well, there was really nothing in the quarter for TYBRIN so it'll be as we go forward, the amortization number will pick up and be higher over the next three quarters related to the TYBRIN acquisition. We're not ready at this point to get any definitive numbers because we're still working on the evaluation.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Well, the amortization for the first quarter was — let me just get the number to make sure. It was $17 million.
John W. Prosser Jr.: Just before we move on I want to clarify the answer I gave to John on the amortization. The $17 million that's in the press release is only on normal assets. The number that is for intangibles for the first quarter was about $5.5 million and that number will be increasing as we go through the year because of this most recent acquisition. So I'm sorry I misspoke on the numbers.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. It's a good company, and to John's point, we don't do deals that aren't reasonably accretive in the near term. With the amortization of intangibles it's not a big deal as we go forward. It was also something we were pretty confident we would get done and so it was in our thinking about guidance when we issued guidance.
Craig L. Martin: Well, we elected not to narrow the guidance because we think it's premature to do so. We had what we think was a decent quarter under the circumstances in the first quarter, but there's still la lot of uncertainty in the marketplace out there. There's a whole issue of what's going to happen with commercial real estate and how's that going to affect funding.  We've got some uncertainty with the administration and what they're going to do, and we just think it's premature to adjust our guidance so that's why we didn't narrow it. The uncertainties in the marketplace are still enough that we think that wide range is justified.
Craig L. Martin: Yeah. I would say that it does. I think our perspective on the situation with the new administration and spending in this area was initially one we were concerned about the uncertainty and it appears to us now that while the concerns were well placed, the outcome is not going to be negative or at least not to the extent it might have been. I also think that as I said in my prepared remarks, this focus on conflict of interest is a huge positive for us in terms of our ability to take share. So we're actually feeling pretty good about that business.
Craig L. Martin: I think collectively we're maybe not quite as optimistic as our guys are right up there in the middle of it so that's probably a positive when you think about it.
Craig L. Martin: I have said the quarter was a little better than I expected. I'm looking around the room here at our executives, they're mostly nodding yeah, a little bitter than we expected. Not quarter magnitude or anything like that, but it was a good quarter in a difficult market and I was very pleased with the performance of our team.
Craig L. Martin: I don't think the bookings line was particularly to the positive. It's about what we thought we would do, but I do think we executed particularly well in the quarter and I think we got some good things going as we go forward so I think that was a nice positive for us. 
Craig L. Martin: Well, as you know we don't give quarter by quarter guidance so I don't want to get down to that level of detail. I think in general the fourth quarter is still an area where we have some uncertainty. It is a difficult quarter and there are a lot of things that may happen between now and then. If I had to just give a gut feeling, I'm probably a little more positive about the quarter today than I was two months ago.
Craig L. Martin: I think water and wastewater has become a market that is much more interesting to us. It's up there with upstream and defense and aerospace in terms of priority. I'm pretty confident we'll be able to get a deal done in the next year or so or two that will help drive us into that business. Water and wastewater is one of those businesses like transportation where pent up demand and problems with existing infrastructure are huge, and we think the real long-term of that business is a big positive for companies that are in it so we're very interested in water and waste water right now.
Craig L. Martin: I think we're getting closer to where they'll stabilize, but I think there will be continuing pressure. So I guess that's a yes to both parts of your question. I know that's not a very helpful answer, but in fact we are still seeing a fair amount of competition for projects. The volume clearly isn't there to support the industry and the way it was a year or two years ago, and I think that's going to continue. I think it won't get a lot worse than it is today, but I think it will continue so I think you'll see some additional deterioration of margins, but not huge amounts. We told you we thought we could sustain margins at a higher level in this down cycle than we did in the previous one and we still believe that's true.
Craig L. Martin: Oh gosh, I don't know that I would read a lot to it. I do think good execution in the quarter was a part of it. I also think that the margin pressure we're seeing was slower to be realized in the numbers and we've done a pretty good job of reducing our execution costs at the project level so I think it's a combination of all those things.
Craig L. Martin: That's a good question. Our sense is that we're probably close to the end or the end of cancellations for the most part. Now like I say, we have cancellations even in the best of times, but it feels like most of that is behind us. Now, having said all of that it depends a lot on what the economy does what happens to CapEx generally. With respect to who, we can't say. That would be breaching the customer confidence and releasing data they don't want out there so that part of your question will have to go unanswered.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think we may see a few ongoing headcount reductions over the next few quarters. Again, that sort of relates to my question about where exactly is the bottom for the business, but it's clear that our headcount reduction has moderated significantly from where it was three quarters ago.
Craig L. Martin: Headcount might pick up a bit ahead of backlog growth just because of the nature of backlog. The headcount picks up when the technical professional services business kicks in, but backlog tends to be more affected at least if you look at total backlog by the field services numbers so it could be a little bit of a leading indicator in that regard. It depends on whether you're looking at technical professional services backlog or total backlog.
Craig L. Martin: I really don't, but I would caution you that we have in backlog and coming out of backlog each quarter one very substantial project in Motiva and there's a substantial amount of factory costs associated with Motiva and that's probably going to influence backlog a little bit for the next few quarters as that job goes to completion. And we don't expect to replace that passthrough backlog soon. 
Craig L. Martin: Well Joe, our standard approach to cost is to drive them out whenever we can drive them out, whenever we don't need them to run the business and so we're going to be looking at reductions across the board reducing corporate staff as appropriate. We've done some of that and we may have a little more to do, improving billability — I mean, there's a whole list of things that we make incremental improvements and in the aggregate that turns out to be real money. And I don't think going forward it's going to be any different than that.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think there is an ongoing opportunity to take costs out of the system. I probably wouldn't characterize it as low-hanging fruit anymore. It's never that easy to do. You're talking a lot because of the nature of our business. Mostly you're talking about people and so even low hanging fruit is folks that you don't want to lose and it's painful to have to cut them out. So I think there is still opportunity for improvements in our cost position based on the kind of volumes that we're seeing going forward and we're going to go get that improvement while we try to stay sure we're positioned to really aggressively expand out of this downturn.
Craig L. Martin: I think it's a little bit of both. I know that's not the answer that makes it easy for you, but I think the continued margin pressure will have some impact on the out quarters. I also think that there could be some additional pressure on billable hours as we look forward, and the combination of the two is part of what creates the uncertainty about the out quarters and part of what creates that wide range. 
Craig L. Martin: I probably couldn't give you a percentage down from the peak or anything like that. Certainly a significant chunk of our maintenance capital type business is in refining and chemicals and so we certainly are seeing the effects and part of the challenge for the recessions' been turn downs in those areas, but I agree with your assessment that as we come out of this cycle we'll see a fair amount of turn-up in those investments first and like I say I believe we're taking share in that part of the business as we speak so I think that's going to be a plus for us when the time comes.
Craig L. Martin: Well, it's certainly when I'd like to see it. My conversations with customers aren't quite that optimistic or that definitive.
Craig L. Martin: You know how it is with a lot of customers in our industry, when things aren't going good they project that they're going to go worse and when things are going to go great they think it's always going to get better. And so with refining margins in particular where they are the customers are sort of all in a depressed mood and they're tending to say negative things about the future. That's just the opposite of what happened. Refining margins were good and obviously neither one of them is necessarily determinative of the future. So like I say, I think they're being pretty pessimistic about the future, maybe more so than they need to be, maybe not, and so that causes me to respond to your question by saying maybe not quite so soon as you think based on what our customers are saying.
Craig L. Martin: I think we'll see nice growth out of the business for a couple of reasons. I think we're well positioned on feed and PMC work on the bigger programs. Because we're not a lump sum turnkey bidder so we're not affecting the bidding slate so to speak and that creates opportunity for us with the customers on the front end and program management side. And then as I think I've mentioned on this call a couple of times there's a gigantic installed asset base in the Middle East and that's a piece of business that we are just starting to serve and we think there's very significant growth in that maintenance capital small project business relative to the big event projects that have the international APC contractor community all bidding against each other. So we see the Middle East as a great growth engine for us as a company as we go forward driven on the back of using our business model.
Craig L. Martin: No. I think we'll start to see the higher revenue piece of this business in 2011. We may even see a little bit of it start to show up in backlog by the fourth quarter of '10. I think you're looking at 6-12 month kind of lead time on these projects before they start to move into detail design and construction.
Craig L. Martin: Oh no, probably a little more than that. I was thinking of a different cancellation that was in a previous quarter.
Craig L. Martin: Well, the one I was referring to is the '91-'92 timeframe and I think it will be better than that for sure. In the 2001 timeframe we weren't impacted as significantly just because of our mix of business so I don't think a comparison there is particularly relevant.
Craig L. Martin: Well for example, customers will use the existence of the potential for competition as a way to negotiate lower rates. So you often get the sort of well, we really like you guys and we want to continue to make this work, but your pricing is above market and so either reduce your pricing to what we think of as a market rate or we'll have to put it out on the street for competition.
Craig L. Martin: Well, as a result of that we can usually get a very modest premium, but modest is the operative word here, and I don't think we've ever claimed that our relationship base really gives us a big premium on the margin side. What it does is it gives us a better control of the cost side which helps us make more on tho operating margin side because it gives us a better handle and better control of our selling costs and our staffing costs because of the consistency we get from that model rather than getting a premium on the multiplier itself.  I mean, the customers we're dealing with are very sophisticated and very smart buyers so they know what the market is.
Craig L. Martin: Yeah, it's the matter of having the lowest cost posture for a unit of work so that we can maximize whatever profit's available against the market price.
Craig L. Martin: There are number that we are working on or that we will be working on that we think will close. I don't think any of those are material to our guidance as we sit here today.
Craig L. Martin: Just one amplification, when we build our plan for the year for any year, acquisitions are always a part of our strategy and so whatever expectation we might have in terms of what we'll do in acquisitions, we try to always have that built into our guidance.
Craig L. Martin: I'm not sure I can give you an insight into what they're thinking. I think the oil sands investments are pretty attractive right now in terms of the opportunity. I can't speak so much for big oil projects in faraway places because we really don't touch that stuff.
Craig L. Martin: It could be. I think you're certainly seeing a move toward taking and making reserve investments where they look the most attractive. If you believe the Canadian assessment of the oil sands, it's a 300 billion plus barrel reserve which makes it a pretty attractive area to participate. I'm not sure there's many places you can point to that have that same sort of reserve capacity and the technology to extract. So it may be as simple as that, but we struggled with running our business, let alone understanding the mines of our customers' long-term investment decisions so I'm not sure I can speak authoritatively for any of them. 
Craig L. Martin: I think that's one of those uncertainties that we're dealing with and it's very hard for us to predict what all that means. You get a job bill that looks like it might provide some additional stimulus in that area and then you get all this noise going on now. And the administration and the Congress in my view are unpredictable. I guess that's the kindest thing I could say and so I don't have a good feel for where that's going. We've tried to prepare our business in ways that let us deal with customers who we think are going to have ongoing money to spend. We're certainly seeing weakness in the transportation arena in state DOTs. That's a big challenge because they're just really struggling to figure out what they have and how to spend it. But there are others like the toll road authorities who seem to have good money to spend and that business is a pretty active one for us. So it's a mixed bag and it's hard to predict what all that will mean.
Craig L. Martin: I would say that the absent new markets and acquisitions like TYBRIN, certainly the balance might shift a little bit internationally. That's where a lot of our activity is, it's where a fair amount of our growth will come although we may execute a significant fraction of international work in domestic operations. When you factor in though the potential for acquisitions, new markets, I'm not sure that means there will be that much of a shift in the mix. So TYBRIN as you can imagine, their business is almost entirely domestic and so you can kind of get a feel for what that means to the numbers. So even though it would seem like the ratios should go up, I think give what we're going to do in the way of acquisition balanced by what we're going to do in the way of organic growth is probably not going to change a lot.
Craig L. Martin: It's across most of the private sector and heavily concentrated in the heavy process business. So chemicals upstream and refining probably have the most pressure in the private sector, but all of the private sector is seeing some pressure.
Craig L. Martin: Well, we got one quarter behind us. That does color our thinking a little bit. We did better in the quarter than we thought we might, that's a positive. There is this feeling that maybe the bottom is somewhere nearby and so that's probably also a little more of a positive. I still think you will find that we were more bearish going forward than our competition, but it'll be interesting to see when they all report what they have to say.
Craig L. Martin: No. I think our response is directly a response to work that we have won and are executing. We've done, I think, very well on the backup stimulus over the last three quarters or so. I think we're going to continue to do very well in terms of getting more than our share of what business is out there for stimulus. I just wish it weren't offsetting the shortfall and state DOT work, for example. I think a stimulus has been what we intended and if the government would continue to fund transportation at "normal" levels, the outcome for us would be very noticeably positive because like I say we are doing very well on the stimulus side, but unfortunately it's that half empty cup of coffee problem.
Craig L. Martin: There's very little potential revenue impact going forward. We actually expect to be a competitor for that re-procurement and there are reasons to think we might be very affective as a competitor. That is a very complicated project and a very complicated situation. I can't really say a whole lot about the DOE's motives, but I think our performance as a company has been quite good and I think that'll be reflected in the potential for new work going forward.
Craig L. Martin: Thank you all very much, good questions. I appreciate that you comment that we had a good quarter. Obviously it's better than we expected, but not near what we'd like to be doing and we're going to do our best to get back on the track we'd like to be on long term. I think we'll be able to do that and I think your confidence in our company will be well supported by that. So with that in mind, thank you all very much and that's the end of our call.
