John W. Prosser: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. I'll briefly go through the financial highlights for the quarter, and then I'll turn over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to review the operations for the quarter and look at -- a business overview. Going to Slide 4, Financial Highlights. As was reported this morning -- or last night, the EPS for the quarter was $0.84. This is a nice growth over the fourth quarter of last year, which included an unusual gain. But without -- excluding that gain, the growth is well over 13%. The earnings for the quarter were $110 million -- $110.8 million. For the year, the EPS was $3.23, also a nice gain over last year, and the net earnings of $423.1 million is a record, exceeded the peak that we have back in 2008. Backlog year-over-year has grown nicely at $17.2 billion and good growth, as I'll talk about in a few minutes, in both field services and technical professional services. The book-to-bill for the year was 1.11, so a little bit over 8% growth over last year. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet. Cash position at the end of the year was $1.26 billion. Our net cash was a little over $800 million. So we're in a very strong balance sheet position. It's -- we're initiating our guidance for fiscal year '14 at the range of $3.35 to $3.90. This range includes the anticipated closing of the transaction with SKM that Michelle mentioned, that we expect to close mid-December. This range also shows nice growth for next year, but we're also seeing some weakness that will impact our first quarter. Some of the things that we see that are negatives for the first quarter is the -- one of it is the typical vacation and holiday season that we see around the Christmas and New Year's timeframe, and that's the same this year. It's been that way for the last couple of years, as you can see it. And also, with the closing -- the timing of the closing of SKM, we'll pick them up [ph] right in the middle of that vacation and holiday season. So while their contribution for the year, certainly, is going to be nicely positive, their impact on the first quarter is going to be negative. Also, there'll be continuing pressure from transaction costs, as we finalize and close the transaction and you'll all remember that earlier this quarter, the government had a shutdown, and while that wasn't a big impact, it did have an impact on our operations for this quarter. So you take all those items and while we see the first quarter with the weakness [ph] , we still believe that the year will be a very good year for us. Moving on to Slide 5. This is just the history of growth. You can see that net income curve is back up over the previous record of 2008 and while we have dipped below the 15% target earnings, we believe, particularly as we look at the growth next year and moving forward, that we'll get back up on to that 15% growth line in the very near future. Moving on to Slide 6. The backlog showed good growth, a little over 8% year-over-year and growth in both field services and professional services. We're also seeing that impact on our revenues as well. The mix is moving back towards that -- closer to the 50-50, that would be more of historical mix between professional services and field services. So we think that we're seeing the pickup of that. But the field services backlog does tend to be a little more lumpy than the professional services, and we're seeing that impact kind of the growth trends in the backlog as well. So with that, I will now turn it over to Craig Martin to review our growth and business overview.
John W. Prosser: I'll take the second question first because we're not going to break down, at this point, SKM from the overall guidance because it's just part of our overall guidance. This is based on our anticipated close in mid-December. But it is accretive for the year, and it is -- and it will be -- continue to be accretive, but it is only for, basically, the 3 quarters of the year. The first quarter weakness, typically, what we're seeing is, particularly in the last couple of years, is that the holiday vacation season around Christmas and New Year's always has an impact. You can go back and look and kind of see what that has been the last couple of years, from our fourth quarter to our first quarter. And the transaction costs, well, one of those have already been expensed. They are behind us. They will be -- there are continuing costs that are being incurred as we come up to the various activities around closing and the filings and the dealing with courts and dealing with shareholders and everything else that goes around with the SKM transaction. And also, as Craig mentioned, there were a number of other transactions, a couple of which, while they're smaller, will be closing this -- or half closed this quarter. So they have an impact this quarter as well. So -- and when you look at the SKM closing, the timing of the closing is going to be probably absolutely the worst time from a contribution in the first quarter because if we close on the schedule that we anticipate, it'll be right before Christmas. And so while we'll have them in our financials for a couple of weeks, it will be right when they're going on vacation and the holiday season. And being primarily in the Southern Hemisphere, it's also summer season for them. So it's right in the middle of their summer vacation season as well. So...
John W. Prosser: We're expecting all these things will have an impact of probably somewhere between $0.10 and $0.15 and so over what we would kind of expect to see from just a trend or flat comparison to the fourth quarter.
John W. Prosser: No. I think the trend, as we see, is the field services picked up. This year's field services were like 47% of our revenue. So it has picked up. And even in spite of that change, even from the third quarter, our margins picked up a little bit even with the impacts of the holiday seasons and things like that. But I would expect to see, as we trend through next year and we'll have the impact of SKM coming in and the amortization of intangibles and things like that, so that will be -- actually, it will bring their historical margin trends down a little bit. I would expect to see relatively flat margins, maybe slight improvement. I don't think we're going to see a lot of degradation from where we are now, but I don't see a big growth in margins this next year. As we move out, I think we'll see a little bit better. But I think we're still in kind of a transition from the front-end engineering and such getting into the field. So I think you're going to see relatively flat margin trend.
John W. Prosser: I'll just remind you that, last year, the range was at $0.50 compared to this $0.55. So it's not really that much different than what we've done historically, particularly at the beginning of the year.
John W. Prosser: So Andrew, I'd like to make -- just add a little bit of comment to that. Historically, one thing you have to look at with SKM is they really started in the infrastructure and water, wastewater business, and they have a very strong, mature position in Australia, in Southeast Asia, in those markets beyond just the mining and minerals. So this acquisition is not just a mining and minerals, it's a nice position and they -- their focus on mining and minerals complements ours very nicely, but they also round out our business in Australia. They had a new market in Southeast Asia with -- that is complementary to some of the things we've been doing. So it goes beyond just mining and minerals. I think there's been a little bit too much emphasis putting on -- put on the mining and minerals side of the acquisition as opposed to the broadening of our overall business base. And actually, the broadening of our base in Australia, I think, get us away from just mining and minerals.
John W. Prosser: Well, I mean, there's nothing to say that [ph] some of that's not going to continue into '14 as well. But kind of looking back over this whole year, it's probably been something in the $0.08 to $0.10 impact across the whole year.
John W. Prosser: It will come from for our existing cash and our existing lines of credit. So you'll see, at the end of the quarter, the cash will be down and the borrowings will be up. But the exact mix will depend somewhat on where they're closing and just interest rates and FX exposure and things like that.
John W. Prosser: We've always said that we were willing to leverage our balance sheet and we weren't afraid of debt. We just -- for our business, debt only comes about because of acquisitions. And you put that on top of the comment that Craig said that almost all the acquisitions are opportunistic and that it takes a willing buyer and a willing seller in order to make them. If the right opportunity comes along and we certainly have the capability of leveraging our balance sheet well beyond where it will be after the SKM transaction, so if we had $1 billion or $1.5 billion of net debt, for the right acquisition, it would be something that, certainly, we would consider. Our base business continues to be a good, positive cash generator. And we will continue to be able to use that cash to leverage acquisitions, and it's just the timing. If we've built the cash up, we'll use the cash. If we built -- if we have an opportunity for an acquisition where we don't particularly have the cash balance, we'll use some leverage and borrow it but pay it back as we generate the cash going forward.
John W. Prosser: Well, long term, it's hard to measure specific returns, acquisition by acquisition because our historic pattern is that we integrate and so you lose some of that specific identification on the return. But I think that when -- as we look at them and study them, they certainly have trended what along what we expected from the acquisitions. And over time, as we look at markets they've come into and development of those markets, they've trended well. I mean there's 1 or 2 that haven't done as well as maybe what we expected. But overall, I think our growth, as near as we can judge from trying to split those out, as we study it, the returns are certainly much more positive than what we get from having the cash in the bank. And with our long-term organic growth in that 10% range or plus 10% range, those returns are probably closer to, from what we would determine, the mid-teens to upper-teens.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think book-to-bill has been good for a while now, and we remain pretty happy with where we are. Obviously, the ramp-up in backlog that would be driven by EPC has not appeared in the numbers, and that's largely a product of that, things moving to the right a little bit. As we look at the outlook, though, for the FY '14, we think that movement to the right is largely behind us. I don't mean largely behind us like tomorrow largely behind us, but I think as we get through the first fiscal quarter and get into calendar '14, we'll start to see those EPC releases. And we'll start to see the -- actually see some backlog acceleration. We're particularly upbeat about what we're seeing in, say, the U.S. and Middle East in that regard in both chemicals and refining. So I'm not sure that answers your question. If it doesn't, please elaborate. But I'm feeling pretty good about getting close to the end of this "moving to the right" stuff.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. Largely, we're looking at business in the upstream areas. So it's oil and gas related, in fact, largely gas-related. A lot of new production, straddle plants, fast [ph] treatment and cleanup and some very substantial projects in the Middle East, pretty substantial projects in Australia. And frankly, there may be some pretty substantial projects in the U.S. as well, but I'm not quite as positive about those as I am the other 2.
Craig L. Martin: I think there's a number of factors that are driving the wide range. Certainly, the weakness of the first quarter is part of what's driving the downside of that wide range. We're -- we would be way more optimistic about -- well, way might be exaggerating -- be more optimistic about the year if the first quarter weren't as weak as we expect it to be. On the upside, I think there -- well, one of the downside factors is, certainly, we still don't know what the government is going to do after the first of the year and what impacts that might have. I think we've done pretty well in dealing with those issues up to now. But they are very unpredictable, and I think it's hard for us to judge what the impacts of government action might be, positive or negative, frankly, as we look into the second and third quarters of '14. On the upside, we're actually very, very upbeat on the SKM deal. It's a little bit early yet to say with certainty how that's all going to work out, when we're going to see the integration costs fall off, how the intangibles and amortization of those are going to affect the numbers. So there's a lot of things going on yet that we have some uncertainty about. And of course, the markets that we've acquired here, one is the mining and minerals business, and as we all know, that business is challenged. We think that the combined Jacobs, SKM companies are extremely well positioned to leverage that, but that's not a certainty at all at this point. So I think the SKM thing could easily be a factor in pushing us towards the top of the range. I think the federal government issues could be a factor to push us to the bottom of the range. Also the factor of this first quarter is a factor in all that. So long-winded answer to say that the range is wide because we see uncertainty in a couple of directions, and so the potential is anywhere from a low number to a high number relative to where we are today.
Craig L. Martin: There's probably not a lot we can tell you on that regard. We are aggressively approaching, making sure we retain the key leadership in SKM as part of the transaction. It is employee-held. On the other hand, employee ownership is individually quite small. So even given the size of the transaction, it's not like we're making people incredibly rich and they're going to run off and buy houses in the south of France. But we are working hard to make sure we retain those folks. I think I've mentioned this on this call before, our retention of executives in acquired companies is one of the great success stories of our company. We generally have managed, over the years, to keep 90% of the key executives in the companies that we've acquired for 5 years or more. And I fully believe that we'll be able to implement our approaches and create the opportunities for these folks in SKM that will keep them in the company and put them in leadership roles as we go forward. So I think retention, while it's always a challenge, something we manage very carefully. I believe we'll be able to deliver the right package for the folks here and that they'll be excited about being a part of our future.
Craig L. Martin: Well, comparing SKM to Jacobs, SKM is largely a professional services consultancy firm, whereas Jacobs is an EPC firm. That's one of the leverage opportunities in the transaction longer term, is to move more EPC and EPCM into the combined companies. But that would suggest that, in terms of margins, that SKM's margin across its revenue would be a little higher than Jacobs because they don't have the field services component to the extent that Jacobs has it. And so that does represent a positive for us in terms of the acquisition. Things like amortization of intangibles, integration costs are all factors that have yet to be worked out and can't be worked out, frankly, until the transaction closes. And so that -- getting to any more detail at this point would be premature.
Craig L. Martin: Well, certainly, we're seeing pricing pressure in the public sector markets, part of it anyway, but mostly the federal government arena, that we have not traditionally seen. So that business is more challenging. It isn't affecting our ability to win work. I think you can see that from the backlog numbers, but the margin that's in that work is certainly not as strong as it might have been a few years ago. On the opposite hand, things like the private sector businesses, the heavy process market, we are seeing improvements in margins but not significant ones. It's still more -- because a lot of the stuff keep moving to the right, it's still a more competitive marketplace than I would have told you a year ago I thought it would be at this time. And so we aren't seeing the improvements in margins that I would have expected as of -- by now. We are seeing improvements. Our margins in that business are moving up. They're just not moving up very fast, and so we haven't quite seen the benefit from that. How does that all add up in the aggregate? In the aggregate, we're seeing slight improvement, very slight improvement in the aggregate margins. But it's in the 5, 10 basis points kind of improvement, not any big number.
Craig L. Martin: Okay, let me try this, start with sort of a big-picture view of SKM. A very attractive company with a long track record of both growth and profitability that we like a lot. And as I think I've said on these calls many, many times, acquisitions are opportunistic. You can only do deals when there's a willing buyer and a willing seller because hostile deals just don't work in our marketplace. And so the timing of doing a deal might not be ideal from stepping into robust markets, but the long-term strategy for doing so still makes a tremendous amount of sense. So while we think there will continue to be weakness in the mining and minerals market, and particularly, that's going to impact Australia, we think this deal has such positive long-term benefits for the company and no negative short-term benefits other than the first 2 weeks of the deal, as John pointed out, that it's -- the reasons for doing it are undeniable. As to the FAST joint venture, I'd can't be specific about that. I think that would be overreaching my ability to talk about that, where we are. We've -- I can say we've evaluated the book of business at SKM, and we're comfortable that the impacts of the changing marketplace will not materially damage the value of the asset. That's sort of double talk, I guess, in a way, but that's really as much as I think I should say.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. John makes a good point. That is a real strength of this company, and more than half of it is involved in other than mining and minerals work.
Craig L. Martin: Well, utilization has continued and does continue to be high, but again, it's driven largely by FEEDs and the kind of activity that I described earlier in the call. So we aren't yet seeing the pressure of phases 3, 4, 5 of projects or 4 and 5, I guess, to be technical about it, so what they call the execution phases. And that's where the biggest push for engineering hours and then construction capabilities come. So because we're still kind of seeing those projects moving to the right, the big push in that area has not happened. We're still working a fair amount of overtime. We're probably down a little bit, and we really haven't hit the peak hiring activity that we expect to come.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I'd say it's probably premature to be talking too much detail about that. We believe that we bring very strong capability in construction to the partnership that SKM, Jacobs have formed here. And that the leverage of that will happen fairly quickly. With respect to the mining and minerals area, we think the first place where that leverage will show up, however, is in that small capital arena where Jacobs has a remarkably solid reputation and SKM has enormously a well-respected capability. So we think it will be more like the Codelco win that I talked about in Chile as areas upfront. As our customers in that arena begin to move back into big EPC greenfield, the leverage of SKM and Jacobs to do EPC becomes very significant. That's probably more of a '15 factor and beyond than it is a '14. With respect to their buildings and infrastructure -- or water and wastewater businesses, there, I think, the leverage will come more quickly. They bring tremendous capability in those areas, not only capability that we can leverage in the geographies they currently serve, but capability that we can leverage in geographies that Jacobs has, where we don't have that capability. So I would expect EPC and EPCM opportunities to become more significant to us in the infrastructures space. But probably on a scale basis, those EPC opportunities won't be as significant as what will happen in mining and minerals over time.
Craig L. Martin: We're seeing a fair amount of activity in SAGD in particular. We just went through an analysis that we do periodically of sort of where does the price have to be for the customers to see adequate returns. We're still seeing return on investment numbers that are north of 16% at current prices. So the economics for investment in the oil sands are actually quite good. And again, it's just a matter of how much leverage can you get, so things like modularization of well pads really raises the leverage for these customers in terms of the amount of capital they have to put in and therefore, solidifies these returns, I think, for the long term. So I don't think the -- we're going to see the '07, '08 kind of boom in SAGD and oil sands generally, but I think that's going to continue to be a very solid business. And we've clearly taken a leadership role in that part of the industry.
Craig L. Martin: I think with what's on the plate now, either deals that are pending and should close in the near term or -- and I would put SKM as one of those -- an example of one of those, or the things -- the little ones we've already closed coming up to this point, when you add those things together, getting to that 15%-plus in the second half of the year is highly likely. I don't think we need another big deal or even a bunch of little deals to make that happen.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. And that was virtually all organic when you get right down to it. The deals that we closed last year were really pretty small, and their contribution toward the earnings was not significant.
Craig L. Martin: Well, our view of the market is that it's another area where there are long-term demands for investment that are being under-met at this point in time and that, that investment will drive a good business. And I'm looking at this now in the 5-, 10-, 15-year kind of horizon, not the next quarter or next year kind of horizon. So we think the power business is a business that Jacobs should be in, and I don't mean by that lump-sum turnkey gas-fired cogen. That's not what I'm talking about at all. But I think there is a good business out there for a company like Jacobs with our business model, and what we -- but we're really going to have to make an acquisition to make it happen. We're not going to be able to bootstrap that business. And so that's why I made a point of mentioning the power business as an area of acquisition so you'd know where our thinking is, but also so people who are in that business listening on this call will know we're interested.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I certainly think it's unlikely that you would find us doing another $1 billion-plus deal anytime soon. Certainly, there are lots of little deals that won't be impacted by SKM that we continue to look at. So things in the telecommunications space, for example, would be unimpacted by SKM. Another big deal outside the U.S. would certainly be something we'd look hard at before we decide to do that.
Craig L. Martin: No, it's more broad than that. It's broader than Saudi Arabia and certainly, broader than GES plus. So it's activity in Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the Emirates. It's pretty broadly spread over the -- what we think of as the highly attractive countries in the Middle East.
Craig L. Martin: Well, yes, it's an easy conversation to have. When we were talking about what word to associate with the market, the general feedback was that trying to say the market is strong wasn't a very good characterization because the market's not strong and that a better word for our position in the market, which we believe is a growing one and solidly growing one, was to switch to the word growing. So there wasn't anything more meant by that than to switch from trying to explain that, "It's strong for us even though it's not strong for the world" to just go on to, "We're going to grow in the marketplace."
Craig L. Martin: Yes. I -- just to comment on that. I agree with George. I think one of the things that we learn from being up there now for 20 years is that when you see nontypical investors, it's usually a good indication of an ongoing, solid capital base. And when the nontypical investors start to run away, things tend to turn down. That's certainly what we saw in the '08, '09 timeframe, and what we're seeing today is more typical than what we saw in the '05, '06 timeframe.
Craig L. Martin: I hesitate to speak for our clients in this regard, but I would have to say that most of our clients are looking at their investment as long term, and short-term interest rates aren't a big factor in their decision to invest. That might be true of smaller players. But when you look at big oil, big mining and minerals, big chemicals, big pharma, any of the major customers in this regard, I don't think they are deceived by short-term interest rates as a key criteria for their investment decisions. So I don't expect a nominal or reasonable rise in interest rates to have a materially negative impact on new investment. Obviously, if interest rates go to early '70s level, that will change the game entirely, but I don't see a reason to think we're talking about those kinds of numbers.
Craig L. Martin: Thank you, Gary. Thank you, all, for joining us on the call. We are really excited about the prospects for the company in the coming year and beyond. I think all of us will be pleased with where the company is going and the results that we're able to produce. And I look forward to seeing many of you next week. Have a great week.
George A. Kunberger: Yes. I mean, without getting specific about what you're referring to for a few years ago, well, I would characterize today's marketplace as compared to 4 or 5 years ago, what you're referring to, the 1 big project, I think, you're thinking of, those aren't necessarily out there. But there's a large volume of projects that are sort of just a little bit below that, maybe half that size in size. A large number as opposed to before where there were a few of those really big ones, but only a few. So I've certainly -- personally, where I sit, relative to the chemical business, as Craig said, in the U.S., in the Middle East and even to a degree, in Asia, the prospects are pretty broad and pretty rich and good sized. And I do think that we'll have an opportunity to capitalize from a construction perspective on a large percentage of them, or at least our share.
George A. Kunberger: Yes. Just to elaborate a little bit on that, Craig. I mean, in the LNG world, as Craig said, there's a couple of opportunities. There is certainly the infrastructure and overall development of gasfields, collection, distribution fields associated with LNG in general. The installed capital base of the LNG facilities that you can look at in Western Australia and are coming online in eastern Australia, plus other parts of the U.S., represent not immediate but, certainly, in the not-too-distant future, a large opportunity for us to try and capitalize in a continuous presence and support of those capital investments as they come online and go into the future. And also if you look, without getting specific, at a lot of large energy companies, there's a number of strategies out there, the monetization of natural gas in ways other than just large LNG export facilities, which is what Craig is referring to. There's opportunities there for us to play in that marketplace as well.
George A. Kunberger: Yes. I think we have good visibility on the opportunities out there with all of our core clients and key clients, of course, and quite frankly, with a number of what I might -- I don't know how to best characterize them, but not secondary clients, but clients you would not necessarily traditionally think of in that space. The real question is when do the actual capital decisions get made and the approval, as Craig has been talking about, for these things go into detail, design and construction. I certainly do feel, from the information that we have, as what Craig has been saying, that these decisions are getting to the point where they're going to be made. And will all of them be made? I don't think anybody in this conference call would think that every single one of those projects that have been announced are actually going to happen, but a large percentage of them, certainly, seem like they're happening. And that's buoyed by the fact that, like I said, there's some other companies that are -- we would not traditionally think of, that are actively looking at major investments in the same space, which, to me, makes me feel like that marketplace is going to be strong, as we've been anticipating for quite some time.
George A. Kunberger: Yes. I would not characterize -- our infrastructure business is definitely continuing to improve, as Craig said. The improvement -- the outlook for improvement is not necessarily driven by some large types of project. There are those out there for sure, but those are not driving our positive look -- outlook for 2014 in that space. What is driving is, quite frankly, there's a lot of states, a lot of municipalities that are starting to re-spend -- starting to spend, not re-spend -- starting to spend to improve their facilities and do highways and do bridges and do transit systems that they haven't been able to spend for quite some time in some large metropolitan areas around the south, southwest part of the United States. And so there's a big -- so that's actually good news in a sense that, that stable, ongoing work at the state level that's starting to occur pretty -- not broadly around the entire United States, but certainly, in some very significant areas, in addition to a few of the large iconic projects. So we're not looking necessarily to have to win big projects for 2014 to have our success. We're really looking sort of a baseload business. The larger projects will be a little bit more icing on the cake, I would say.
George A. Kunberger: It's a little mixed I would say, not unlike a lot of other places in the U.S. and other places in the world we've been talking about here today. The clients are being naturally considerate about their investments, and that's not -- that's also true in the oil sands. There -- it's interesting out there. Some of the larger, more well-known customers are being very considerate to have a very strong commitment to the oil sands over the long run and have ongoing activities in the development and studying of their projects that we've been involved in and continue to be involved in. There are some additional, again, sort of second tier -- I don't know, I hate to use that word, but different clients than you might normally think about that are looking at investments as well in the oil sands business in addition to the traditional big energy companies, which, again, adds to my confidence that the overall viability of the oil sands business over the medium and long term is very strong. That's a business that those clients out there have to develop. It's an important part of the economy, and they'll find a way to get the oil out of the country. And one way or the other; it will take longer than maybe some other ways, but they're all continuing to study and invest at a nice moderate pace, I would say, versus a hectic pace, which, I think, is, quite frankly, healthy in the long run.
