John Prosser: Thank you, Patty. I will go through the financial highlights for the quarter, and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, for  the full review of the business strategies and the results of the quarter. If you go to Slide 4, this is a summary of the quarter. Earnings per share were $0.52. Net earnings of $65.8 million. These results  included costs of $5.5 million after-tax or $0.04 related to acquisition costs that we incurred during the quarter. Backlog. We ended  the quarter with Backlog of $13 billion. Our balance sheet continues strong. Net cash was actually up from last quarter at $957 million.  And as we had in our press release earlier, we are raising our guidance for the year to a range of $2.40 to $2.85, and this increase  includes the effects of the Aker Solutions' acquisition that we previously announced that we hope to close here in the next week or two. Moving on to Slide 5. This tracks the 10-year history of our earnings. I think the important thing is looking at the bars underneath the graph. If you look at the 10-year compounded annual growth rate, we continue to be able to meet the target that we have put on ourselves of a 15% earnings growth rate and even through '11 with the last couple of years being more difficult through the recession, we're still showing over 16% compounded growth rate. Moving on to Slide 6. And I can spend a little bit more time on this slide, because we did make some adjustments in Backlog this  quarter. As I said earlier, the Backlog finished at $13 billion. This was down slightly from the prior quarter where it was $13.2  billion. But during the quarter, one client informed us that they were going to do some of the procurement, a pass-through cost on a  direct basis and so took that out of our scope. So we reduced Backlog by about $450 million. So important to note that these are just  pass-through costs, so the margin related to the activity of doing the procurement will still be going through our books as we assist  our client in doing the procurement. But the pass-throughs will just be removed and won't be to revenues. The more important figure and as we've been talking for a few quarters is the professional services backlog increased nicely. It went up to and finished the quarter at $7.9 billion compared to $7.6 billion last quarter. So we're seeing a nice pickup in activity on the  professional services side of the business. And as we've talked about in the past, that really is the precursor for a broader range of  activity going forward as the professional services design and turns into construction a number of our business groups. With that, I will turn the call over to Craig to give a review of the quarter.
John Prosser: On the first part of the question about the Aker contribution and the guidance change and such, it was the substantial part of any  consideration. But that you got to remember that, that also includes the cost of the transaction and the integration and the impact on  the overall. So we've already seen a little bit of the negative impact on the first quarter, but there'll continue to be costs this  quarter as we get through the closing and then as we integrate. And then you always have the effects of the purchase price allocations.  So the intangibles and amortization of intangibles. So we think Aker is a very positive move on our part. But the impact for the first  couple of years, few years, is not as strong as it will be down the road.
John Prosser: That's probably fair. We normally wouldn't be changing a lot of our just base assumptions this early in the year as we go through. So  you'd have to say that the primary driver for the change is the Aker deal.
John Prosser: Clearly, the margins, as Craig said, are still under pressure. So we are not going to see any great rebound in those. And in fact, as  we've been saying, there still could be some softness and such in the margins even as we start ticking up the hours. The hours always  lead the recovery and as we start working those off and the market starts firming, then the margins start improving kind of after-the-  fact. Now we are continuing to see a shift in mix more towards the professional services which tend to have a little bit better margin  than the field services. But even with that, I would say the margins for the next few quarters still will be under pressure. I think we  still believe that they're not going to be dramatically different than what we've been seeing, but they still could be down a little  bit. And that as we -- the first rebound will be from volume and then the margins will follow. As we bring Aker in, that mix will change the percentages a little bit too because some of the costs that come in with that as far as the intangibles and such like that have a  bigger impact on the margin percentages as well. And this will be one of the larger acquisitions we've done. So the impact will be a  little bit more noticeable than what it would be from the smaller ones we tend to do over the last couple of years.
John Prosser: Well certainly we are still very focused on M&A. We think the market is still very receptive for deals. There's opportunities out there, both small deals like we talked about where Craig talked about four or five that we closed this last quarter. It ranged from some very  small to something a little bit bigger. But we need to focus on the acquisitions when they're available. Aker will take some cash out of our tail, but we'll still have significant amount of cash available for doing the right deals. And with our strong balance sheet, we  have the ability to borrow and to do any -- whatever deals that we think would be appropriate for us. I think Craig mentioned a couple  of the markets as he went through the markets, certainly the Upstream Oil and Gas business is one that we've been looking at. The  Government Services business still seems to be -- have opportunities. And as we did this little deal, the water, the expansion of our  Water business, other infrastructure both domestically but, more importantly, globally are still there. And we still have the  expectation that this next year we'll be doing the next step in the CES deal in India that we've talked about in the past where we have  an investment. And that opportunity will be to take a bigger piece. So that's more of a geographic infrastructure market. And the  opportunities in the Middle East continue to grow. And we think that, that's -- there's some room for maybe some consolidation and  diversification in that region as well.
John Prosser: Yes, it's all cash. We will be doing some short-term borrowings because, as you can tell from the geographies, this is a fairly complex  organization and, in some cases, we'll be borrowing in local jurisdictions to do the acquisition to hedge against currency fluctuations  and such. So there will be some borrowings, some cash. But we'll still have a nice net cash position after the deal closes. And there is no stock involved in it.
John Prosser: Well with the five or so that we talked about, it came in just under $100 million, mostly in the pro-services side. TechTeam was  probably the biggest of that group, the others were all pretty small.
John Prosser: Well this project is still in the front- end design portion, and these were the procurement activities that would go with some of the  front-end. The pass-through cost related to materials, equipment, I guess some subcontracting but mostly materials and engineering  equipment that would get ordered early on in the process, so I don't even think this one is out in the field yet. It's very minor, so  it's very early in the process and the part that was taken out just relates to the procurement activity for the pass-through cost of  that equipment.
John Prosser: I have to admit I haven't calculated those precise percentages and such. But we are seeing continued pressure on the professional  services side. And as we are going through this transition, field services are coming down and new projects aren't starting up yet, some of the people from the field services have slowed down a little bit as well. So there's a competitive market out there on both sides of  the business and we're even sitting in some of that in the private sector which we've talked about being a little less prone to it but  as you see some of the private -- public partnerships and such in design build where the pricing is a little less transparent in how you bid it, there is a little more competition and such. Now we're in a good position because our costs tend to be lower than others in the  industry, so what is a real stretch for some of our competitors is kind of normal business for us. But it still is putting some pressure -- and continued pressure -- on our overall margin.
John Prosser: That would be the same answer I give you every quarter. We really can't go down to that detail level because our client doesn't want us  to.
John Prosser: You expense them as you incur them so there's still some additional legal and ongoing costs, closing costs, transactional costs  that will be incurred in this quarter. We're also planning and working on transition plans and such so those costs are still being  incurred. So when we talk about kind of the net impact of Aker as we've looked at it on the guidance and such, it includes the impact of all what we anticipate in all those costs.
John Prosser: First of all, we're not going to talk about deals that fell through or deals that are ongoing. So I can't very well give you a big  affirmative on that, because that would just tell you that we didn't have any other deals that we were working on. And so I'll have to say  that the costs that were incurred were primarily related to Aker and then secondarily related to the other projects, other acquisitions  that were closed during the quarter. But I'll leave it at that.
John Prosser: I think the backlog run-off and their business will look very much like ours does. It may even be a little shorter because they tend to  do more CM and less procurement through their books and such. So historically that's been their model. And they don't have any of these longer-term government contracts like we would have on that side of the business. They could have some longer tail on them.
John Prosser: Tahira, with one caveat. We still are for the most part early in the process. So in the fees and such, we may not have gotten into that yet.
John Prosser: Normally, we don't give that kind of detail until it actually happens when we book it and we disclose it. But I'm not sure I really have an accurate number right now, because they account for a little different than we do. So once we get it on our systems and such, it will be more accurate. But they've got 4,500 people, so it will be in line with kind of that range.
John Prosser: But even focused on Canada, the owners up there are very conscious of escalation [ph] and so they're being very careful about pricing  infection or looking at and are much more receptive to getting some of the services done outside of Canada so that it isn't quite the  price pressure that we saw on the last go-around because they still have the sting of the price increases they saw in both engineering labor and field labor from that last go-around.
John Prosser: The second answer is easy, it was all through the G&A line. The breakdown in such, we'll have a better handle on and we'll include that  when we have it in our second quarter. So I don't think we're ready to give that right now.
John Prosser: Well I think as we answered earlier, the margin continues to be under pressure. Pricing continues to be under pressure on -- we are  seeing a pickup in the hours, the volume side of our business. That hasn't translated into any pricing increases even where the markets  are a little stronger. We aren't going to go through and we don't break down the margin by markets and such like that, but we would  expect to see the pickup in volume come first and the margin pickup will follow and it really depends on how quickly that volume picks  up to see how robust the margins come. Right now, it's a very soft upturn, modest upturn. And so we're not seeing any upward pressure in margins. And so what we're booking today is at or below where we've been booking over the last few quarters. I don't think there's any  significant change. That's one of the reasons, comments Craig made, why it's so important for us to continue to control our costs and  keep our operating costs down so that we can continue to report decent operating margin percentages even in the face of a  weaker gross margin percentages. I guess that's kind of a long-winded answer without getting exactly to your point. But that's kind of  the broader picture, and we're not going to go down into the granularity that you might like.
Craig Martin: It's not at the peak level yet, but directionally it is going in that way. And so we're pretty upbeat. And then that's mostly an oil  sands conversation, obviously, because we're still mostly an oil sands player.
Craig Martin: On the refining side, I'd say we're still pretty far back in the cycle. But it's interesting. One of the guys said he estimated that our prospect quality -- or number of prospects, I should say, has tripled quarter-over-quarter. So we're still a long way from the peak  cycle in refining. I don't see a bunch of multi-billion-dollar investments in Europe or the U.S. Although I do see a lot of activity in  the Middle East, India, and perhaps even some in the Far East that will be accessible to Jacobs as we go forward. But I don't think  we're anywhere near the sort of boom refining period that we saw through 2007, 2008. That's got a ways to go, but that's runway.
Craig Martin: Well, it sure looks that way right now. I mean, always sort of blanket all the comments whether I'm positive or negative with, it's an  uncertain world out there in many, many ways. But the evidence we have suggests that the markets are improving distinctly in a number of key businesses for us. And I think I characterized those in my previous comments.
Craig Martin: Well, I think, the challenges that you see in the numbers are what we've been saying for some time. The market clearly has been tough.  Unit margins have been bid lower, and we saw some of that come home to us in this last quarter. On the other hand, billable hours are up and that usually is a precursor to price firming.
Craig Martin: No, I definitely am a little more guarded about infrastructure right now than I have been. The new Congress doesn't seem as willing to  push that agenda forward, as I had hoped they might be. And we're, of course, still seeing lots of tax shortfalls in the state and local level. So as it relates particularly to transportation and infrastructure, I'm probably a little more guarded than I was even a quarter  ago.
Craig Martin: Well if you look specifically at the chemicals and refining piece of that business, it's mostly chemicals and not so much refining. They have a strong position as a licensor for some key technologies that are pretty popular in the world right now. So I think it does a lot  towards accessing more of the chemicals market as a front-end and PMC contractors. I don't think that changes our view that we don't  want to be in the transactional side of the business. But there's no question that this acquisition on the chemical side in particular,  gives us access to more of the market and a better position in it. So that was a plus. Over and above the geography in the mining and  metals business as we look at this acquisition.
Craig Martin: I would say probably not. I think you have -- you heard our friends at Fluor Daniel talk about the fact that the margins in the mining  and minerals business are not as good as the margins in other businesses that they serve. And I think we'll find that to be true as  well. Remember, we are a pretty fierce competitor. So if they don't like the margins now, they're not going to like them at all later.  The other businesses, I think probably we do have a little better margin profile with their portfolio as you look at the chemicals  business. And so that will be a plus from a margin point of view. I think they do a little better than we do. And on the energy and  environmental side, I'd say they're about equal. So I don't expect it to have a big impact in terms of percentage-wise or gross margins  as a percent of revenue than our base business does. It would be pretty close to the site.
Craig Martin: It's both but it's probably more EPCM than pure services. The good thing about it is that it is key client relationships that are very  strong. And a lot of the business that they do is at locations where the development program is going to last decades. So we like the  shape of that business very much.
Craig Martin: I think the PPS backlog growth is likely to be good. I'm pretty optimistic -- honestly, I'm pretty optimistic is an exaggeration. I'm a  little optimistic about that part of it. I think on the field services backlog, however, we're going to continue to face a headwind.  We've got a little more Motiva to work off, and it'll be a while before these EPC and EPCM projects go from fee to full service. And so  I think you'll see an ongoing lag in field services backlog. That may mean net-net that total backlog doesn't show a lot of growth. But  I think on the professional services side, I think we're starting to see a lot of reasons to think that, that's going to get better.
Craig Martin: Well obviously, we wouldn't have our guidance where we were if we didn't think we could achieve the guidance. It's still a wide range of guidance for obvious reasons because there's still uncertainty in terms of where the markets will take us. I think back to the basic  point, yes, we are more optimistic about the markets going forward and more confident about our ability to see good growth. But beyond  that, we're not going to try to give guidance within guidance.
Craig Martin: I think we'll see a nice -- I think we'll see upticks in the markets that I described as positive. So Refining, Upstream, Oil and Gas,  Chemicals, maybe a little better in Pharmaceuticals. Buildings should be good for us going forward. I think infrastructure will be a  little weak. I think our Other category will be another plus. And I think the national governments business will be a little bit of a  mixed bag, good and bad, probably slightly good on the whole.
Craig Martin: Pretty much. Whenever I talk about the overall markets unfortunately, they're pretty heavily colored by where we sit in the market. So  the two are going to tend to be together.
Craig Martin: Well, anything I hear tonight I'll take with a pretty serious grain of salt, because I don't know that I believe we have the will in the government right now to do much of anything. I think the partisan politics are going to be a big problem. I would consider it positive  if the President were to push for investment in infrastructure. And I don't mean by that as another stimulus bill. I mean, we  appreciated the last one. We did very well in the stimulus last time around, we'd do very well if there's another stimulus. But I don't  think that really addresses the fundamental challenges that our infrastructure faces. And what we really need is almost on Eisenhower-  like commitment to rebuilding American infrastructure, both transportation infrastructure and water/wastewater infrastructure. I doubt  that we'll see that, but that's what the country, really needs. The more that the President's comments head in that direction, the more  positive I would think that would be for the Infrastructure business. But I would also tell you, there's a pretty significant lag time  between when the government at the federal level starts moving and when it shows up in the P&L. And so we'd have to take that -- even  that would have to take a little time to adjust [ph] set.
Craig Martin: I wouldn't be able to quantify it as a percent of total. I would say that we're mostly in the work-off mode for stimulus now. And the  work-off -- there's a fair chunk of work yet to be done, particularly for us in things like the big Amtrak program that we announced.  But there's going to be obviously no new additions to that business to speak of. And so you have to treat it as, in the long run, as a  declining tail.
Craig Martin: Well, on the mobile side, things have stayed about in -- not moved very much in the last couple of quarters. So they've stayed pretty  much in the same range, somewhere between kind of six for -- Construction and Maintenance business is up to something like a peak of 10.  For pure services businesses, or somewhere in between, not every deal has the same qualities. I think there's a lot of opportunities  still out there in the marketplace. We are aggressively continuing to look at acquisitions. We see a number of businesses where -- and I think John described most of them -- where we could leverage Jacobs very effectively with good acquisitions. I think they are for the  most part in the size of the one that we just did or smaller. And lots of them are smaller. So I think there's plenty of opportunity for  Jacobs to continue to add to its growth on the acquisition side. Specifically to the federal business, we continue to believe that  federal government is a great source of business for the long run, that there is market share to be had. So as we see opportunities to  augment our business on the federal side, we're going to do that.
Craig Martin: I would expect the transitioning to detailed design in the next six months and into the field in the next nine to 12.
Craig Martin: That's exactly right. Even they don't know. For the most part, what seems to be consistently addressed as an in-sourcing activity is  procurement-related functions. So if we have a team that's doing technical evaluations and acquisition assistance, we used to have  procurement people as a part of our team, those procurement people were being asked to become government employees. And that hasn't been much of an issue up to now because we've had to replace those people with a bunch of folks honestly to do the work that these new  government procurement people generate. But the trend continues. And we think that's going to be a little bit of a headwind in that  business. Interestingly, we had conversation earlier this week where a fairly significant number of our employees, eight or nine  employees, quit. And the reason they quit is that they didn't want to be in-sourced, which I find kind of interesting in and of itself.  But this headwind in in-sourcing, because it isn't clear what it is or where it stops, is one of those challenges that I think we're  going to face for another year or two.
Craig Martin: No, it's not. The in-sourcing is largely, honestly, on the DoD side, not so much on the NASA side. So it affects our contracts where  we're doing scientific and technical evaluation and acquisition services.
Craig Martin: Judging consultants, judging hardware. We do a lot of work where we help the government first specify and then select various kinds of  hardware. And a part of that is a procurement process. And some of those people are the ones who are getting in-sourced.
Craig Martin: And that's a tough one to call because, frankly, an awful lot of that is how fast does it turn up. So if the market turns up fast  quickly, pricing goes up very quickly. If everybody is slowly filling up the shops, we all tend to be a little nervous about that. And  we tend to keep the margins down longer. So at least as I sit here today, I don't think that there's enough confidence in the market  that they're going to see a rapid improvement in margins. In fact, I think it might be another quarter in terms -- or two even -- in the bidding cycle before we see an improvement in margins at all.
Craig Martin: They don't have the same degree of core client focus that we have. That's one of the things we'll bring to the equation. So we'll  increase their sort of Preferred Relationships business fairly significantly because they just haven't traditionally thought about the  business the way we think about it. On the other hand, their actual business is very similar to ours in terms of what it reflects,  transactions versus not -- they're a little more transactional than we are. They have more discrete projects than we do but that's very  amenable to moving the way we would expect it to move.
Craig Martin: I think there are two things that were disappointing about the quarter from my perspective. First, the margins were a little weaker  than I wanted to see and expected to see. And so the margin pressures were a little higher. And frankly, our response to those margin  pressures in terms of driving down our costs, our G&A, wasn't as good as I expected. So we didn't achieve in the quarter the G&A  performance that I would've expected us to and that we had planned to achieve. And we didn't achieve that in the face of margin pressure so the net effect was we missed our objectives for the quarter and yours. And so that's where my disappointment comes from.
Craig Martin: I don't think there's a trend. I think what we've seen is individual customers swing back and forth. So you'll have a customer who  essentially wants the contractor to put all that stuff on their paper and they just want to deal with one invoice, and that sort of  thing. And then you will see them some swing back the other way where they have a new broom [ph] in procurement internally who once all that stuff done through their SAP system and wants us to do all the procurement on their paper. And the biggest challenge for us of course is we're completely indifferent. Maybe we shouldn't be, maybe we should be arguing to keep those revenues just so the numbers look better.  But the fact of the matter is, since it doesn't affect the bottom line at all, we've sort of taken the position that we don't care and  maybe that's actually made us a little more vulnerable to these swings. I don't know that. But I don't think we're seeing a trend long-  term or short-term for customers taking more on their paper or less on their paper. I'm looking at my three EVPs and they're all  agreeing with me. So I think that's probably a good solid statement.
Craig Martin: That's right, but we don't see any -- right now there's no reason for us to think that as these move into EPC or EPCM, that they will be collectively significantly different than they were in the last cycle in terms of who does what or whose books and what's on [ph].
Craig Martin: Remember that when we talk about backlog, there are no rules for how you measure backlog. So some companies measure backlog including,  for example, procurement they do for the customer on the customer's paper where they feel that they are at risk for it. Other companies  don't include that. We're one of those companies. Some companies only account for backlog as scope backlog, others don't. So you guys see all that, I'm sure, as you look around us and our competitors and the different ways we look at backlog. So fundamentally at this stage, we don't know, at least I don't know, what their backlog will look when we put it on our terms. But we'll certainly know that by the next time we talk.
Craig Martin: Historically, we really don't need a lot of net cash for operations. We have at times when we worked off of almost negative cash just  because you're using lines of credit and such. But just because of the size and breadth of our organization, it would probably be tough  to get under $100 million in cash just on the balance sheet just from the flow of cash that we would normally see. So it would be  somewhere in that range. So it probably be kind of the minimum cash you'd see on our balance sheet.
Craig Martin: There's no question, I think we said this three quarters ago that the oil sands turned before much of the rest of our private sector  business. So it is leading. If you think about where margin pressures are starting to moderate. They're certainly moderating to a  limited degree up there compared to the rest of the world. But it takes -- you not only have to have the margin pressures moderate, but  then you got to get the work through the books before you actually see it at the gross and net margin lines. And so we're still not  seeing that improvement in margins pretty much anywhere in the private sector business. I think next quarter we'll still be under  pressure for sure from a margin point of view and possibly, we'll see that pressure throughout the year.
Craig Martin: Neither actually. What I'm talking about is this is kind of specific to the oil sands comment and there is, between the work that under  contract with us and our competition and the work that our customers suggest they're going to release, there's going to be considerable  escalation of costs in Canada again. And our concern is, my concern is that, that escalation could result in either cutbacks of projects or having those projects distributed over a longer period of time. And that would have, obviously, negative implications in terms of how quickly we could earn the margin that's there to be earned. I don't think it's a long-term problem, but I think it could affect '11 and  '12 if our customers get scared.
Craig Martin: These deals take a long time to develop and we've been in and out of Aker for a long time. Obviously, we can't talk about a deal until  it's a deal. And so as we sit here today, we clearly have worked on this for more than just since November. I think in our situation,  it's something we've said for more than year we wanted to do and obviously even in November we couldn't tell anybody how close we were  so that's where we sat.
Craig Martin: Well, it is all or much of South America. And I base our ability to do that in that we have done that repeatedly with virtually every  acquisition we've made. We've been able to come in on to the acquisition on the back of whatever line of business it was in and then  lever that acquisition into other Jacobs lines of businesses. That's one of the strengths of our core client strategies. So as a pharma  customer starts to think about investment in South America, they're going to look to, one, a pharma company, a design company and  construction company that really knows the pharma business. That would be us. And then they're going to say, "Well now, do you know how  to deliver projects in XYZ country?" And as we build our leverage in places like South America, we can answer that in the affirmative.  And that combination is compelling. And so that's how we end up taking -- well, for example, a pharma business in Singapore because  that's how we got to Singapore, and turning it into a major downstream presence in the Oil and Gas business. That's how we take our own  Oil and Gas business in the Middle East and turned it into a Buildings business as well. So that's a fundamental part our strategy, is to lever off of a presence and a local knowledge to a broader spectrum of our markets for our core clients.
Craig Martin: Yes, it will take some time, certainly Brazil and some of the Northern, Southern American countries, Venezuela, Bolivia will be key  factors in that. But then we have a terrific position in Chile and in Peru.
Craig Martin: Well in '06 I don't believe margins were picking up significantly just yet. They were about to but they hadn't really started picking  up. But remember '06 we weren't coming off the back of a major trough. And so you didn't have the downward pressure in the margins  preceding '06 that we have as we sit here today. So I think in fact, the circumstances are different between '06 and now. And the resultant activity is going to be different as well. Just to reiterate what John said, we think margins will firm very slowly and that our recovery, and probably the industry recovery, will be led by volume first.
Craig Martin: Well remember the decline sequentially is driven by lot a of different factors. But I think what you need to recognize, we all have to  keep in mind as we talk about how much better things look, there are still a lot of competitors out there whose shops are not full. And  while we are in places like Canada, we're hiring like crazy. That's not true for everybody with whom we compete. And there's -- so our  competition is still pretty desperate in some cases. And we are not about to let them take our market share. So we are prepared to get  down just as desperate as they are to preserve our market position and that means margins have improved like you would otherwise expect.
Craig Martin: I think the federal market is, where things like the Brooks bill are involved, the federal markets largely unchanged. What we are seeing though is where the Brooks bill doesn't apply, where you're seeing value-based procurements, we're seeing pricing pressure on those value-based procurements even in the federal sector. So it's a mixed bag. If you look at the state and local level, again, I'm kind of focused on infrastructure here, what you're seeing today is there's no real price competition, but there are 40 bidders. In all seriousness, 40 bidders. And so that makes it challenging to preserve your position and it raises your costs for pursuing work.
Craig Martin: Well I think I've said that we think margins will start to improve in two or three quarters. So I guess that does kind of fit what  you've just described. And it wouldn't surprise me. Again, there's a significant lag between when margins are bid and when they go  through the books. Remember, these projects tend to run two years. The engineering portion, the technical professional services part of  it will run 12 months. And so you're going to see that work that was bid 15 months ago is just now coming off the books from an  execution point of view. And I think that's part of what you're seeing when you look back at that late '08, early '09 timeframe.
Scott Levine: Diving in on the margins a little bit, I think, Craig, you just mentioned that the P&L reflected some competitive pressure. I just  wanted to be sure that I heard that right. And then maybe if you can characterize what your expectations are there, because you're down  a little bit sequentially. There were some one-off costs perhaps in the quarter. But if you can comment specifically regarding margins.  And maybe as the follow-on, your indication that an uptick in billable hours here are sustainable should suggest margins should hold  here, maybe improve a bit as we go through 2011 and beyond.
Scott Levine: And then maybe following on that last comment, John, on M&A so if this is a larger deal, there's more of an integration process here.  You take your foot off the gas in terms of your focus on M&A in any way, shape or form or not. I'm guessing no. And if you can maybe  update us on what your priorities are and in terms of your M&A program at this point.
Scott Levine: One last one quickly, Craig, you mentioned some of the markets you're more positive on. It sounded like you're a little bit more guarded incrementally on the infrastructure market. Could you just indicate whether that's correct perception. Or if not, provide a little bit  more clarity in your comments there, particularly on transportation.
Avram Fisher: Is some of the NASA work you're doing, the science-related work, is that considered inherently? I would assume that's not.
Avram Fisher: Swinging to the margin line. If you look historically at sort of TPS backlog as a percent of total, it tends to trend in line with gross profit margins after excluding the pass-through costs. I know we've talked about some of the weak margins and the headwinds there, but  we're seeing a real divergence from this trend. I'm trying to understand what's driving that. Is that a signal of really the pricing  pressures we're seeing on TPS? Is it the pricing pressure in the field services? Is it across the board? We're in uncharted territory  here.
Avram Fisher: And it sounds as if, Craig, from your comments, the ratio of discrete projects to your ideal model is at least similar or in the same  range.
