Noel Watson: Hey, thank you, Kevin. Let’s go on to Slide #9, the Growth Strategy. We talked about this a lot and I’ll just summarize it again. The relationship-based model is still the model for the company. It works very well for us. And a lot of these record sales that you see going on right now were near record backlog are partly because this model is working very well when put together with our sales model. So it is the strategy that keeps us close our clients, trying to deliver superior value to these clients and make it work. And so that model remains intact and we believe it’s working well. One thing we are doing and we do have a lot of diversity in the markets as you’ll see in a few minutes when we go through that, the sphere on the next page. But we do have a lot of in-market diversity which gives us a lot of strength when some of our markets aren’t as robust as they once were or certainly as we thought they were going to be even 90 days ago. And I’m talking about the oil and gas on that and we’ll have Gary Mandel discuss that in a little more detail. We still have good cash. We have not been in an acquisition mode here in the last few months as we try to deal with the headwinds in the market and certain other things, but certainly long-term, as we go back to double-digit growth, we will be back in the acquisition market. But what Kevin said was when we discovered what was happening in the oil price and the other commodity prices, we had realigned our cost with the environment. To put it kind of simply, we’ve taken this opportunity to make some changes. If you go on to Page 10, what we have here is our end-market diversity. We’ll talk in a little more detail. The backlog is good. You’ll notice we got it split in three different parts there, downstream, upstream, chemicals, industrial and public institution. It is a nice split. It hasn’t changed a lot over the past couple of three years, but it does give us the diversity we need. And I think we’ve said many time to you folks in the phone, we’ll never have all these markets singing together. If we get five or six of them singing, we’re going to be doing just fine. Now, first up, I want to talk about the heavy process business which includes chemical, industrial, public and institution, we got Gary Mandel sitting in a construction trailer in Oman. And, Gary, I’m going to give it to you for a few minutes. Okay.
Noel Watson: Okay, thanks, George. If we can go to Slide 14 and we’ll wrap up so we can open up for questions. The portfolio diversity that both Gary and George talked about does remain a strength. And even though we’re facing headwinds on oil and gas and some of our big plants have cut back some of their spending, the opportunities out there are strong, strongest I’ve seen in a long time. And the backlog is strong. We’re doing a lot of effort today realigning the cost structure with what we see the business look like over the next 12 to 24 months. I’m a big believer in don’t let an opportunity like this go by, so we’re working hard in dropping our real estate cost and we’ve already done several internal reorganizations that cut cost and make the company more efficient as Kevin was talking about earlier. We have adjusted the outlook for the headwinds we see. And we are positioning ourselves for a better second half and a good ’16. And that’s the game plan we have. As most of you know, I’m not the long term solution of Jacobs and we are heavily involved in a CEO search. That has gained a lot of momentum. I spend most weekends interviewing somebody. I would say we’re in the downhill run in that and we’ll be coming to close on that probably over the next couple of months. If you turn to Slide 15, it summarizes mainly what I said. And I’ll quit on that note and turn it back over for questions.
Noel Watson: Well, what I’d say to you is that the sales process is working well. And so we are selling work almost at record level. The prospect list is long. These numbers on the technology group in particular, George, highlighted the 6 billion of proposal outstanding in your win rate is almost always been above 50% on those kinds of things. It goes well for a continuing backlog. And certainly, even with the headwinds coming out of oil and gas, I don’t think it’s going to damage that up, okay? I think we’re going to continue to see backlog [indiscernible]. If we continue to sell like we’re selling, it should be pretty soft.
Noel Watson: Well, right now, we’re doing both. We actually interview both internal and external on the weekends. And we’re moving forward on that. And right now, we just need to get closure on it. And what George would say, we are in end game. We’re getting close to end game. We’ve got the candidates we’ve been interviewing. And we’re moving forward with it. As I think we told you before, as fast as we can but we’re being deliberate and we’re going to do it right. But go back to the instructions from there. What we tend to look at, first thing we said is for these headwinds, we know we got - can we get some cost out? The answer is, yeah, we get some cost now. The real stamp is one place [indiscernible] a bunch of cost is going to come out there. And that’s probably because we didn’t get in the restructuring charge. But as far as consolidating divisions, we’ve consolidated four divisions. And by the way, some of the costs were in this corner. Some are going to be in Q3. But those benefits probably aren’t going to manifest themselves to ’16. But I was taking a look at the business climate, looking at where we are, yes, some of the acquisitions played into this conversation. But I wouldn’t say it was acquisition-driven. It was just taking advantage of a situation and saying, okay, what can we do now to make this company meaner and meaner and more cost effective going forward? And like I said, the business is there. Every big customer we got, the oil business is doing that and maybe they followed us, maybe we followed them. I don’t know. But it seemed like the right thing to do and sitting here, I’m absolutely convinced. And by the way, we started this right after the call phone call. We waited nine days to do this. A whole bunch of [indiscernible] is behind, that’s all right. But the [indiscernible] will be all while coming.
Noel Watson: No. Simple answer to that is no. We’re going to move in here one day. Maybe that person would want to make some changes, I don’t know. But sitting here today, no.
Noel Watson: Yes, I’d just add in that. And I think the shelf chart and the oil price or some of these things to go on and some of these things that we’ve taken out of backlog already being reevaluated by a customer. So I think those projects are there. It’s only a question of when and timing.
Noel Watson: I don’t think we had any significant effects from higher bid costs in the quarter. We run that B&P which we call a bid and puzzle [ph] comp very tightly. And none of - we personalize [ph] that money very carefully. So the bidding cost did not go up.
Noel Watson: Well, the sales side, Steve, is trending fine. But we have made these backlog adjustments. And I think if I had the data here in front of me, I could dice that, too [ph]. But on the big work we’ve been selling recently with the exception of one big add where we got a big program going in the backlog, pro service new sales has remained quite strong. So this has got to be harbored in the cancelations and maybe even some backlog adjustments to go beyond the cancelations.
Noel Watson: Well, the federal awards will go to backlog. They probably won’t have much effect on the business this year. They’re next year’s profits, but we’re going to sell them this year. The thing that we have to do to perform the way we’re talking right now, we just got to continue to sell well, find more of the book and burn work in the infrastructure. We need to continue to gather these maintenance contractors next year with these turnarounds as well and make a good solid profit there. A lot of what goes on toward the end of the year, to be honest with you, is already in hand. We just need to get it done.
Noel Watson: No, I don’t think so. First of all, utilization is running almost record levels. I mean we’ve dealt with those businesses already. So the utilization is doing just fine. As with pricing pressure, there always is. You certainly see what’s happening in some of the oil field services company where they’ve gotten [indiscernible] from the owners. And what we do in a situation like this is we try to find a way to deliver real value without cutting our price. Those negotiations are ongoing. And I think we’re probably being reasonably successful getting that done. So I don’t think we’re going to be looking at significant drop in the margins this year. I mean I’m not going to sit here and tell you, it’s a wildly optimistic business. But as you’re sitting here watching what’s happening, and I - we are getting better at getting more profitability into these jobs. I hope no customers are listening to that. But we’re doing a little better in that way. And we are doing more full service jobs which contain a [indiscernible] even on the past sense [ph]. So I think all those tend to counterbalance each other. And we are going into maintenance season which one of those wall marks in business against the pro service base, the margin to be up.
Noel Watson: Well, I don’t think - and I didn’t mean to cut Jamie off. I apologize. What I would say that the relationship model issue, right now, we’re not making any changes. New team comes in, reevaluates who knows. But it doesn’t seem like anybody we’ve been talking to think that’s a bad idea. How you approach this, how to get a little more money out of the exercise? Here’s a 15% passé. You noticed we didn’t talk about that today. We have to reevaluate that when we get this thing and the market stable up a little bit. Certainly double-digit growth with an acquisition program, it makes sense. It’s in the cards [ph]. I don’t have any doubt about that. But what is 15% which we’ve hung on to for over two decades is a magic number. [Indiscernible] that question.
Noel Watson: Okay, this is my question. We, at the board, have alternately looked at dividend policy maybe every few years. And I think once we get a new chief executive onboard and we do look at the strong cash, we will probably do a total reevaluation. In fact, if I’m still around, we will do a total reevaluation of what this means in terms of dividend policy versus stock buyback versus acquisitions and figure out how we handle that. So I think we need to get the new chief executive onboard. We certainly aren’t going to do anything before that person shows up. And then I think a total reevaluation of what we’re doing on that would be in place.
Noel Watson: Well, I think - by the way, it’s anybody’s guess. And I got a 45-pag report sitting in front of me, eating my consulting group on exactly that issue. And the bottom line is I think they want stability. Whether the oil price is stable - and the oil price will stabilize somewhere. In fact, if anything comes out of this report I’ve been reading, it’s oil prices are going to stabilize. Nobody is quite sure where. We’ve got a supply-demand imbalance now. We’ve got excess oil coming out of the ground versus what’s being consumed. Part of that is driven by slow economies, including China. Everybody blames China for this. And I guess I’ll blame China but - so we’ve got that imbalance. But we have had a very fundamental change in the dynamics of the energy market in the last five or six years. And I think what we’re seeing now is there’s going to be a rationalization of this and I think out of that will come stability. But that goes to both natural gas and oil. And we’ve had - as a big oil company said a couple of years ago in one of the - he said - he thought the natural price for crude oil in a pure market driven economy was $70 a barrel. Is it still $70 a barrel now that fracking costs are now approaching $50? And so I don’t think we know. I think the one thing I’m pretty sure of personally is we won’t see $100 oil borrowing ore [ph] ore or something. So I think we’re going to see oil settle somewhere, probably above $50 and certainly below $100 but I don’t know. I’m not any smarter than anybody else. But I think the owners need stability. Anything moving from $100 to $40 to - or what was the low price? Thirty - I don’t know. $100 to $40 back to $55 and our stocks track it every day, it’s kind of embarrassing. But that’s what happens with - I think they need stability. And so even though we’ve been awarded projects, the startup phases are slow.
Noel Watson: Yes. And on the longer term, we’ve sat here for years and said, if we want to be in the upstream energy business, would be a strange time to say that. But we actually have been quite successful and becoming fairly dominant. We have three energy business, first of all, Canada which obviously isn’t doing great right now. But more importantly, where Gary said, [indiscernible] over $1 billion job for one of the majors. That’s upstream as of yet. And we’ve got a lot upstream energy work [indiscernible]. So we’ll hope price stabilize, we’re still going to need more energy, still going to [indiscernible]. My guess is sometime in the future, we’ll be looking to that again. We’ve been very successful more recently in acquisition in the government arena which have done extremely well. And so we’ll probably be looking at things like that. And I would guess, we will always be looking at things geographically. After years of working, we finally bought a license in China and that’s the only acquisition we’ve done in the last three or four months. And we did buy that classic lights in China so we can actually be better able to serve our clients in China. I think that’s where we’ll be going.
Noel Watson: Well, certainly any - it would be nice to have a proven acquisition record. But we’ve got a [indiscernible] who knows how to do that. We probably are focusing more on other things. We still would like to get a person that’s been on the job before. That’s still one of our criteria. We’re looking at people who’ve got really good people skills, both down because we’re a pure services business. So yes, whomever we bring in have got to have good people skills both within the organization itself and with the customers. We’re not necessarily looking for a chief salesman. That’s not what I’ve got in mind. But we do have - sorry, George. But what we are looking for is somebody who’s got good people skills, good leadership skills, a proven acquisition record probably draft down the list. Okay.
Noel Watson: Hey, guys [indiscernible] up. We do appreciate your interest. We do believe is solid. The sales are strong. The diversity is good. And we’re looking forward to delivering on the products. And thanks to all who attended.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, Andrew, I probably won’t go to the level of detail that you would like but let me give you some kind of perspective as it relates to that. Certainly as communicated in our comments, we did see continued cancelations in certain parts of our business certain end-markets. And that is putting pressure on us again as it did in Q1 relative to our revenues. And while our underlying revenue stream was effectively flat, it certainly wasn’t what we wanted to see in Q2. So we’ll face some pressures as it relates to that backlog and when it starts to burn versus kind of the near term issues again associated with some of the restructuring - excuse me, associated with some of the cancelations. So believe that at the end of the day, we’re looking at a situation where our medium and longer term views remain quite positive, certainly as it relates to the ability to win the work, as George and Gary were outlining. But also in addition to that, the prospects continue to be pretty robust and we’re thinking that that translates well into our backlog in the back half of the year. And as you recall in Q1, we talked about that. So the diversity of our portfolio we believe allows us to exit some of these challenges in certain end-markets in a stronger position because of that. So I think if you look at our range, it’s effectively - Q2 certainly was a little bit lower than what we would have originally anticipated. I’ve talked about some of the drivers there. It is what it is. And so that’s certainly part of it. But I think the other piece of it is really that we’re not going to necessarily see the burn get to a level where it’s able to offset some of the short term mitigating pressures that we see. And I think that that’s the rationale for us to really be cautious in terms of our guidance. And I do want to ensure that you guys got the commentary as it relates to that guidance and that it does not include the costs associated with the restructuring. I know there were some questions relative to that but it does not. And while we hope to see some benefit on our restructuring this year, the bulk of that will occur next year.
Kevin Berryman: This is Kevin and just let me make some commentary that relates to the initiatives that you are asking the question about, oh, we haven’t provided a lot of color. We will provide additional color. As we’re going through the process and gain clarity, we believe that the efforts that we’re embarking upon are going to be percussive, that we’ll get a very good return against it and we will provide that update as it relates to the Q3 earnings call. So there is more to come. And certainly, not ready to talk about the specificity of the full program because we’re still working to it as Noel suggested. But it will provide a good return without a doubt.
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think if you look at the Q1 and the Q2 cancellations that we’ve had, and Gary certainly feel free to jump in if you have any additional color commentary. But we saw some fairly large, primarily U.S. process related in Q1 and in Q2 and other chunk and it was primarily Canadian-related obviously, which is as you guys well know is largely upstream-related activities. So as we’ve been talking with our customers, ultimately we understand those cancellations. And while there certainly all these adjustments relative to backlog relative to the economics projects and whether they change over time or increase in capital and things are fluid always within the construct of that, I would say that we think the material impact relative to the change in oil prices is largely behind us. That doesn’t mean there won’t be further cancellations just because of normal course process of people working through their projects. But the adjustments as it relates to the oil price situation is largely behind us.
Kevin Berryman: Sure. I think as we probably talked in the past, we believe that the underlying business proves us the ability to open the way to have [ph] a conversion factor versus net income of at least 1. And we do expect that to be the long term dynamic. We haven’t provided any context as it relates to the near term but I would suggest to you that certainly the trailing 12 months is a pretty positive number where we’ve had a conversion factor of net income to free cash flow of 1.4x. So certainly that’s not going to be the number we end up for the full year but certainly we have the ability to do that. And that will be our expectation to drive towards longer term.
Kevin Berryman: Steve, this is Kevin. I’ll take a quick crack at that. Look, the calculations, we’re primarily, in the professional services, east of our backlog. So that certainly had a role as it relates to some of the numbers that you’re alluding to.
Kevin Berryman: A couple of comments. The first thing is second quarter of every year tends to be the low water markets that relates to the cash flow dynamics of the company. So if you go back and you look at history, second quarter tends to be a little bit less positive relative to the dynamic versus the full year. So we saw that again in Q2 so the figures for the cash flow on second quarter were somewhat similar to the Q2 results that we’ve seen in the past on average. However, you have to take into account that we had the $140 million on top of that in terms of the share buyback and combination of those two things resulted in the cash flow dynamics you see and the ending cash and net debt that we saw at the end of the quarter. We do believe that there are opportunities for us to be more diligent in terms of the working capital. That is not easy to do. That’s a lot of things that we’ve talked about in the past as it relates to pick and shovel work and why being efficiencies and productivity in the enhancement have tool sets to support our teams in their ability to get reductions and receivables and get paid quicker. We’ll look at the other side as well as it relates to accounts payable. And those initiatives are in the process of certainly beginning to be formulated and rolled out into the organization over the back half of the year. So not a lot in terms of the implications for our year-to-date results or the results in Q2, but I think collectively the teams around the globe think we can do better there. And to the extent that we have a small change in our working capital levels, that ultimately provide us a great opportunity and increase our free cash flow from our operation. So not alike yet. But we expect that we’ll continue to develop that pick and shovel plan and be able to deliver and command the benefits longer-term.
Kevin Berryman: This is Kevin. So several quick comments. First, we are focused really in the near-term as it relates to the initiatives that we’ve already discussed over the course of this call which is about driving alignment and simplicity into our organization which we think translates into our ability to have a stronger foundation which once we do do acquisitions and we believe that that fundamentally is part of our strategy longer term. We’re going to be even stronger as it relates to delivering the benefits associated with those acquisitions. But in the near term, as we’ve talked, we’re continuing to, I would say, hit the pause button on the acquisition front so that we can focus on those other initiatives relative to restructuring. Having said all of that, we continue to be a nice cash flow business and consequently combining that with the fact that our share prices have been under pressure as of - versus historical levels. We will continue to be proactive in terms of the execution of our share buyback program. I think through the end of the second quarter, we had utilized, I want to say, $330 million-plus of our share buyback authorization, which is 500. So that eclipse that we were in - in the second quarter, certainly, we’re going to be done relatively soon. And we’ll certainly look to have other discussions with our board as it relates to next steps regarding that.
Kevin Berryman: I don’t have the number in front of me but ultimately, certainly given the impact, it certainly was - of the FX for the quarter, it certainly was an impact. I can get back to you on that number.
Kevin Berryman: Sure. As it relates to SKM, as you know, the SKM operations are fully embedded into the organization right now. And so we’re stepping back as it relates to the pause button that we talked about relative to acquisition. And that is allowing us to drive alignment benefits and efficiency benefits into our organization through the simplicity and realignment initiatives that we talked about. So certainly SKM is part of that. It’s not the driver behind it but certainly it is part of it. And so believe that that will translate into our ability to continue to have some benefits relative to the pieces of the business that as we can fit the same benefits from the rest of our total portfolio. So we’re going to characterize it as SKM-specific. But certainly, it will be involved in the process.
Kevin Berryman: Well, I think we’ve talked now for a few calls, the Tier 3 lost a little bit of its theme because the individual owners had an opportunity to buy credits and extend the deadlines for incorporation. So while that work is still going on, it’s certainly not at the pace and at the peak that we anticipated it was going to be when we first started talking about that about a year and a half ago.
Kevin Berryman: So we’re getting near the end of our time. I want George to go on and sell some more business here, shortly. So we’ll take two more calls.
Kevin Berryman: You put that into the mix, it skews everything dramatically. But that aside, I think they’re more evenly balanced.
Gary Mandel: Yes, I would say with respect to OpEx, we look at that in several ways. One is we’re inside the facilities providing day-to-day operation and maintenance and running the plant and repairing and replacing materials and equipment as needed. There’s also OpEx associated with scheduled turnarounds. And some of our customers have deferred turnarounds from spring to fall, et cetera but they cannot defer them in perpetuity. We help plan their turnarounds. And so we’re seeing the turnaround season coming up and we have identified the turnarounds, we’re seeing that. What we’re looking at on brownfield. And that may be where your equipment suppliers are commenting. On the brownfield, we’re doing some refurbishment of equipment. We’re sending it out, getting refurbished turning in, not necessarily replacement in kind with new equipment, new models. And maybe that maybe part of the difference of the different feedback you’re getting. But we have boots on the ground in these facilities, doing the sustaining services, the maintenance, the turnarounds.
Gary Mandel: Well, to the earlier question as well, when the shock of the oil price and the cash flow became evident, we sat down like many of our competitors with our clients where we have these frame agreements. We reevaluated their portfolio of projects, they couldn’t all go forward. While they have good ROI, they just didn’t have the cash for all of them to go forward. So we helped them make decisions and jointly come up with which ones would go forward based on economics and which ones would not. Now, the ones that are going forward are continuing to go through all the phases EPC. So I think it was the recycle and the reset of taking 30, 60, 90 days to evaluate their portfolio of projects.
Gary Mandel: I’ll take that. There is competition. I do see where our customers are cutting back on their cost. As you’ve seen, they’re cutting back on the resources. They’re looking to shrink their supply chain where we have a tender outstanding now for nine sites. There’s actually five incumbents to be replaced by one contractor. And so the incumbents while they’re competition, they don’t have the wherewith or the breadth or depth to move into nine sites. We a proven methodology to take over new sites through a Friday to a Monday and transition the people in the work, et cetera. So while there’s competition out there, I think if you’re too narrow and too limited geographically or regionally, it may play against you as they’re trying to consolidated these contracts to fewer people. We’ve had a good win rate as I’ve mentioned. We’re continuing to win. I think our breadth and depth as well our safety performance is enabling us to move well in that.
Gary Mandel: I think they leverage their spend. And you come up with some targets. The labor is the labor. We’re able to leverage our tools, our equipment, our insurances, those types of things. We’re able to arrange some transition cost and put some incentives in place. So it’s a basket of things. If I share anymore, I’m giving away our secret sauce.
George Kunberger: Yes, so if I look at what we have, it’s going to be near the end of this calendar year, I would say, where the projects that we have will start to move into the field in a substantial way.
George Kunberger: Well, yes, it’s across the wires [ph] mostly. But that would be to across even to biopharm. But that was - mostly thinking about the process, that would be to across the biopharm as well.
George Kunberger: Yes. As I said, our infrastructure is a global business and so it ebbs and flows. When the U.S. gets a little softer - the U.K. is quite strong right now and it’s really what’s driving that - and that and Australia is driving a lot of our infrastructure spend. So, yes, I see it continue to grow incrementally over the rest of the year, maybe a little bit more in the U.K., a little bit less in the U.S., vice versa. But yes, I see that continuing to strengthen. It’s a sort of a short burn business to a large - and maybe for us, there are some big large products buried in there. But for the most part, it’s continuing spending from a processional service basis. So it’s a book and burn business to a large degree.
George Kunberger: No, I would agree. And as a matter of fact, we, over the last three or four years, have moved into a larger project space on an average spend than maybe we have traditionally been, to be quite frank with you. So almost the opposite of what you’re saying. I don’t want to over characterize that but we certainly have been moving into the larger project space on occasion where it makes sense for our ability to deliver.
George Kunberger: Yes. They were certainly chemical-based to a large degree. And they were not necessarily directly ethylene and polyethylene based. They were secondary chemical marketplace. It’s also a very robust marketplace driven by little cost of energy and general demands of products around the world. So they neither are those we were talking about were ethylene or polyethylene based.
George Kunberger: Probably not. But that marketplace that I just described stays - well, the secondary marketplace stayed pretty robust in the U.S. and over in Asia Pacific
George Kunberger: The answer to that question is a little hard to give you. There are as I’m sure you’re aware, some very large petrochemical-based opportunity that some of the big innovative energy companies are talking about. And those are in the $20 billion kind of numbers. So that skews just on, just to answer question, that would skew everything towards pretty much the petrochemical-based. But that aside, I’d say it’s pretty evenly based. It’s been petrochemical and [indiscernible].
