Steve Demetriou: All right, thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2022 business performance and our near term outlook. We’re excited to be conducting today’s call on PA Consulting offices in London and I’ll provide more color in just a moment on our strong early on success of our investment in PA. But first turning to Slide 4, at Jacobs the combination of a proactive approach to strategic portfolio management and driving a high performance culture has created a touch quality business with substantial recurring revenue that’s resilient during a variety of macroeconomic conditions. This is complemented by our focus on secular growth in the areas of Climate Response, Consulting & Advisory and Data Solutions. Our competitive advantage is based on strength staying true to our values. We harness a deep technical expertise to reinvent the way we solve problems and chase the next generation of innovative solutions for our clients. As I shift to the quarterly results, we’re clearly seeing strong underlying trends in accelerated growth at Jacobs. From the velocity of our sales pipeline, our recent major wins that we’ll talk about today and next quarter, to increasing trends in utilization, we’re positioned for strong profitable growth going forward. During the quarter net revenue grew 8% year-over-year and double digits on a constant currency basis, with growth across each line of business. More importantly, bookings were strong across the company, resulting in revenue backlog up 10% year-over-year and actually up 13% in constant currency. We saw continued strong performance in our Advanced Facilities business as demonstrated by our 25% year-over-year top line growth and an acceleration in P&PS  bookings during the quarter within our Americas business, driven by awards related to the U.S. infrastructure modernization. Within Critical Mission Solutions, we were awarded a strategic $3.9 billion NASA Johnson 10-year rebate significantly larger than our existing contract and which will be added to our backlog in the fourth quarter. This is one of many long-term recurrent contracts that provide revenue visibility for the business. On a constant currency basis, PA Consulting continued to show strong growth with revenue up 22% and backlog up 19% year-over-year. The strong visibility of our diverse business with upside from secular growth trends combined with robust cash flow generation affords us the ability to generate returns for our shareholders in times of economic uncertainty. Now turning to Slide 5. This time two years ago in the height of the pandemic we were zeroing in on the PA Consulting transaction, and PA  is significantly exceeding our financial expectations and revenue synergies are accelerating. Results are strong across all PA’s peak performance indicators. In Culture and Talent the number of partners has increased more than 20% since the transaction closed, with additional key hires across operations, research, technology and sales, further strengthening PA’s capabilities in client solutions. And very exciting is their women and leadership program with the current PA leadership team now at 50% female. Financial performance continues strong with the weighted pipeline up more than 40% compared to the prior year. Fiscal year-to-date revenues are up 20% in constant currency with an operating margin of 21%, which is an indicator of PA’s high quality business. On the Operations and Strategy front, PA is seeing success following the launch of it IP monetization, and they are gaining momentum in the U.S. with new leadership and an expanding portfolio. And in the area of revenue synergies we have posted 18 joint wins since the beginning of the partnership and are seeing significant collaborative opportunities in multiple markets, including health and life sciences, energy and utilities, and consumer products. Our partnership with PA has been one of the most successful in value creating investments and our Consulting and Advisory accelerator is a clear priority for future capital deployment. Turning to Slide 6. A key to our successful partnership has been the close alignment of our purpose around creating solutions that have positive social impact, whether it's working together to improve healthcare for families through leading edge cell and gene therapy, addressing patient safety and emergency departments across the U.S., solving issues of connectivity and decarbonization for global rail market, delivering resilient solutions in the areas of deforestation and fire prevention in the UK, and the undergrounding of 10,000 miles of cable for PG&E to mitigate forest fires in California, and on the clean energy front, collaborating on analyzing investments for private equity and green hydrogen. Once again, looking ahead, we believe our partnership with TA is critical to delivering our new Jacobs strategy. Now I'll turn it over to Bob Pragada to discuss our line of businesses.
Steve Demetriou: All right, thank you, Kevin. As Kevin described we have a diverse portfolio with significant reimbursable recurring revenue, and it provides us the ability to grow under multiple economic scenarios, and manage the impacts of inflationary pressures on our business. With this diversity comes some exposure to foreign currency translation as we have approximately 34% of our revenue outside of the U.S. with 21% of that revenue in UK Pound Sterling. As a result of the latest foreign exchange dynamics, we're providing updated guidance for the fourth quarter of adjusted EBITDA in the range of $340 million to $360 million and an adjusted EPS of $1.75 to $1.85 with the midpoints tied to the current FX rates. We feel very confident in our underlying business trends in the fourth quarter, and it provided the lower end of the range to reflect the possibility of any FX erosion. It is important to note that relative to our fiscal 2022 forecast back in November, foreign currency translation has impacted our full year expected fiscal 2022 net revenue outlook by approximately $320 million, adjusted EBITDA by approximately $40 million and adjusted EPS by nearly $0.20 to ensure our change in annual guidance and EPS is effectively driven by currency volatility versus our original expectations. In closing, we are excited about the momentum across all of our business as demonstrated by our accelerating revenue growth, our strong bookings and backlog, and a robust sales pipeline globally. Operator, we’ll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, so Steve here. Yes, the good news is we actually had two wins in the last 30 days in the cyber intelligence business. There was a $500 million one that did get booked late in the third quarter, and then we've had one just in the last week that Kevin just talked about that’s just under $500 million. And those are two good sized cyber intelligence awards with better margins than some of our longer term enterprise contracts that we have in CMS. So they're going be margin are creative and we're really going to see those playing out as early as, you know, as far as the P&L in the first quarter of 2023. So, and then on top of that, we have about $1.5 billion of things that could hit sometime in the fourth quarter, as far as pursuits out there, and if you look at our normal win rate, that’s going to add on top of that. And then on the back of that, there's a series of other pursuit opportunities that will play out sometime in the first half of 2023. So we're, you know, we are excited about cyber intelligence, a little frustrated that it's taken a few quarters longer than we had expected. And then I just want to add on the back of that outside of cyber intelligence, which also gives us some optimism is that the Americas IIJA initiatives, we are clearly seeing momentum now in that. The pipeline is building. We've had some early on wins. We've got about 50 grants out there that we are highly confident of winning a large share of, and that's going to translate into business. And we see that, that’s starting to accelerate in 2023. And so it really hasn't been a material impact on our business to date and we all know that that's coming because of the commitment of the U.S. Government around that IIJA. So, those are reasons for optimism as we get into both top line and margin improvement as we enter 2023.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, it's the, very similar to the IIJA when you look at the climate change portion, which is in the high $300 billion, I think it's somewhere in the $370 billion $380 billion. We see somewhere in the 85% plus coverage by Jacobs of when you break that bill down to what we're able to see so far. And we haven't been able to get a 100% of it, but based on some of the specifics and what we're hearing, it's going to be a majority of it that’s going to be an opportunity for Jacobs.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, we've talked about this in the past and continue to have the same view that we really love the model that we've set up for the investment in PA and think it not only is unique, but it's one of the reasons why we were able to get that and to get this investment across the finish line. And, yes, there could be a scenario where we incrementally grow our ownership, but right now over the long-term we think having the PA partners and employees have ownership and the collaborative opportunities that that gives us is really part of, is really a key reason why we're off to such a strong start in the first year plus. And so we see that kind of model continuing going forward.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, Josh, I I'd say two. Yes, the short answer is yes. We have seen an uptick in the client conversations and the -- and just the dialogue around potential opportunities. I'd break it down into two main parts and then to address your energy comment in Europe. For cyber services, yes these are predominantly U.S. based framework agreements that we have in place. And we've seen efforts around those agreements be applied to cyber intelligence activities, specifically surrounding what's going on in the Ukraine. And then the second part has been around defense infrastructure. And so you mentioned what's happening in the Taiwanese Straits, you probably say that our posture, well, when I say the Western hemisphere’s posture around defense infrastructure in Asia has been going on for the better part of a decade. But now, in addition to that, we're seeing more requests. In fact, we've been awarded, they're confidential, a few jobs already in Eastern Europe around similar types of lay down platforms and defense infrastructure in Eastern Europe as a whole. On the second part around energy in Europe, the answer again is yes. Energy transition and in that effort, not just in continental Europe, but in the UK and in Europe and in Ireland as well is probably at an all-time high with regards to the activities and that continues to be a strong catalyst for growth for us in our European business.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Ken. I'm going to Slide 10 for a financial overview of third quarter fiscal 2022 results. Third quarter gross revenue grew 7% year-over-year and net revenue grew 8%. Pro forma for acquired revenue, net revenue also grew 7% year-over-year, which is an acceleration in growth from the second quarter. Currency negatively impacted revenue growth by nearly 400 basis points. And given current foreign exchange spot rates, we expect FX to impact our Q4 revenue by nearly 450 basis points on a year-over-year basis. On a reported basis for the fourth quarter, we expect revenue growth in the mid-to-high single digits, which translates into double digit growth on a constant currency basis. Adjusted gross margin in the quarter as a percentage of net revenue was 25.8%, down 180 basis points from a year ago, primarily driven by our CMS line of business related to newly ramping remediation contracts and the timing of the ramp on higher margin federal contracts, and the investment in incremental resources in PA in advance of expected growth.
Kevin Berryman: First point relative to client, look we're really not sensing any significant commentary from clients which are indicating concerns on the impact to their business associated with their investment profile. And look, if you look at the, I'm going to call it the private parts of the portfolio, specifically the life sciences and semiconductors, those clients are really continuing to be quite robust in their outlook.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, Jerry couple of points. First is on the win profile associated with our CMS business, we’ve been ramping some of the big environmental contracts, the nuclear remediation contracts, which are embedded into our forecast, which as you know, is lower margin. And we've previously discussed that the balance of the year would start to see an uptick in margins because of all of the shorter cycle and cyber and intelligence wins, which are coming. And actually Bob announced that one was, we just heard about this this week actually, and so, or last week and so look at the end of the day, all of those are happening. They're just not happening and won't ramp in Q4 which was our original expectation. So if you look at that dynamic, that puts a little bit of pressure on the Q4 margin that we have in addition to continue to have the investment profile and we're not backing off of that in Q4 because of the anticipation of the growth in 2023 and beyond. So it's a double kind of double impact on Q4, but ultimately then translates into 2023 starting to rebound and come back into the margin profile that we've seen in the past. Now it's going to take a while to get there, but ultimately we're confident that the margin profile will start to kick back up in 2023.
Kevin Berryman: No this is basically translation related efforts or impacts, I should say Andy. So effectively, if you think about the revenue and the gross margin, all of that is negatively impacted by the dollar strength as the foreign currencies get translated into lower revenue and gross margin. That's partially offset by the fact that our costs are also reduced in terms of our international operations. So it's really driven more by that. No effective kind of trend transaction was related to that.
Kevin Berryman: Well look, if we look at our margin profile just in Q3 and Q4, we do believe there's going to be an ability to increase margins as we come out of this dynamic that we're facing in Q3, Q4, where growth hasn't kicked in as much as we want or continuing to invest. So we do believe that there's margin upside in 2023 versus current level. But I wouldn't say extraordinary because we're going to ultimately continue to drive investments and support our business ability to grow longer term and at higher gross margins.
Kevin Berryman: Let me characterize our investment profile. Certainly we entered the year with, as we've talked about over the course of the fiscal year, some pretty strong investment profiles associated with the expected growth. We've actually reduced that a tad in Q3 and Q4 as we've seen a delay in some of the revenue build that we had envisioned happening faster and sooner in the second half of 2022. Now this one particular investment partially offset the WatchGuard benefit. But I think we've continued to be very proactive in sort of supporting people. I know that PA has invested in terms of salary improvements and have increased the pricing associated with efforts in that regard. So effectively, I think it's been broad based that we've continued to be investing against our people and supporting our people, but actually probably faster and in the first half versus the second half, other than this incremental investment we just made because of the WatchGuard benefit.
Kevin Berryman: You also asked about the percent of money that's out there. I think it's over 30% now on the IIJA. I don’t know exactly what the number is right now, but it's over 30%.
Bob Pragada: Yes. Bert on the first part on the CHIPS Bill, I think the way that we're thinking about it is, is that, that was already such a robust business for us based on the clientele that we have and what the business drivers were for them. But the CHIPS Bill did go as quick, even more credibility as well as substantiation of continued growth for those clients that are actually changing their business model. So I think it's putting more confidence that the cycle that we used to talk about being traditional 18 to 36 months cycles going even further with now support from the Federal Government, so we're, we're excited about that. With regards to the volatility in PA's business, you know, its – PA is very unique model. It's structured where the traditional management consultant relying on discretionary spend of their clients for business transformation activities is not really where PA sits. PA sits in product innovation and in using that product innovation to transform businesses and so these are really at the core of the clients that they serve. So we're not really seeing -- we're not seeing that as evidenced by the bookings trends that we saw with PA this quarter being at the highest that they've been eventually ever which is really putting some credibility in the backlog moving forward.
Bob Pragada: No, and may be probably the biggest recompete is NASA Kennedy that is coming up later in the year. We're currently under an extension there. So we like our -- we're confident about our opportunities in both Q4 and Q1.
Bob Pragada: Yes. And may be just a add on to that, which would then lead into those growth trajectories that we highlighted in our strategy, which we're gaining more confidence around that specifically in our infrastructure business, in our three major markets which actually four if you count the Middle East, but in the U.S., UK and Australia. On the government's historical reaction to recessionary type periods and then how does that compare to what's happening right now? We actually see that step up as being positive again. We're seeing governments pretty bullish on infrastructure spin, and then in areas where that might be a little bit in debate, those political candidates that seem to have some traction in the marketplace are making very vocal comments about putting more money into major programs in those geographies. So, all-in-all we're feeling very positive about what the future looks like in infrastructure.
