Steve Demetriou: Thanks, Kevin. Turning to Slide 18, we finished fiscal 2018 on a strong note and ahead of the goals we set in our three-year strategy. Our transformed portfolio has now positioned the Company to accelerate its growth agenda in a more focused way. We reaffirm our previous fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS guidance in the range of $5 to $5.40, assuming a full year of ECR operations. For Q1, consistent with our annual guidance and incorporating the seasonality of our business, we expect adjusted EPS in the range of $0.85 to $1.15, including ECR. Until we close the sale of ECR, we will continue to provide EPS guidance on a quarterly basis. Consistent with the announced transaction, we continue to expect fiscal 2019 adjusted pro forma EBITDA excluding ECR on a full year basis to be in the range of $920 million to $1 billion. We continue to work on the next phase of our strategy and we look forward to sharing this with you at our Investor Day in February. Operator, we'll now open up the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. So we're going to spend some more time in February on our Investor Day, outlining our strategy and I think we're going to want to wait there to kind of discuss more about how M&A fits, because, as you know, it's important for M&A to be consistent with strategy. And as we finalize our next phase of that strategy, we want that to be cohesive. But you just mentioned the federal budget. I talked about the positive nature of that on our infrastructure, and we're also net positive on our Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear business. There's a lot of talk about what's going to happen with defense spending, but we believe based on our discussions on the Street as well that the major focus is going to continue to be on both parties around cyber security, around mission -- the intelligence community around the SOCOM which we're a big player, Missile Defense, also base military infrastructure where that's a big market for us. So we believe that the federal budget will be there for us to continue to grow our backlog, but also, as I mentioned during my remarks, our strategy in ATEN and our unique approach to going to the market, we're continuing to be positioned to gain share in this environment going forward as well. So to kind of finish it off, we will come back to around capital deployment and more specifics around the topic I just mentioned, across both our BIAF and ATEN businesses.
Steve Demetriou: So just a little more color beyond what I said earlier is that, specifically, the pipeline and as we dissect them, analyze the pipeline, the bottom line is that it's up 20% year-over-year which is a pretty significant number and even more specifically, we now have in the pipeline 17 opportunities valued at $100 million or more compared to 11 last year. So a 50% increase in larger programs and you know we have a pretty strong win rate in this business. So that gives us confidence around the ramp up of our backlog. So lot of that is just based on timing and also the whole rebid discussion, but we expect to be putting some of that back into our backlog as we progress through the year. So I would say, as I sit here today, we just see a sequential growth going through the year. Nothing that I can point to a spike in one quarter versus the other, just because we can't predict when these things will close.
Steve Demetriou: Well, it's tough to sort of pinpoint a specific answer to -- into that, Michael, but when we look at our advanced facilities business which is heavily on the commercial sector, we've got strong opportunities as I mentioned earlier in the U.S. and as well as in Europe, UK, Europe and some specific opportunities in Asia Pacific, but the electronics business is strong across the board. And so that gives us some pretty strong bullish outlooks as it relates to the commercial sector. And then I go back to the remarks I made earlier around whether it's federal, state or local funding as well as P3 funding, we're just -- we just feel like we've got a strong pipeline across the board on transportation, water, environmental, services et cetera. So it's -- I don't think we sort of specifically differentiate growth rates just across the board. We see a strong outlook in BIAF in all those markets.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. Just again wanted to just reiterate that we see a lot of support and that even the changing government profile in the U.S. on the core programs that we're focused on going forward. Intelligence, Missile Defense, Special Ops, cyber, base military infrastructure and I think we've demonstrated that we've been expanding and gaining market share over the last couple of years with our model, which includes cost efficiency compared to other government service contractors and so we are continuing to believe that we are not only going to see the funding for the programs we are in, including NASA, but also that we're going to be able to continue to gain share as we go forward across the ATEN spectrum.
Steve Demetriou: Well, clearly, we've set up the line of business structure originally in 2016 with the three lines of businesses, as we go forward with the two lines of business. With a global focus, it is setup as two lines of businesses because we believe that the size and scale of these global structures will position us to win in the marketplace going forward. And we still believe in that and that's the priority. But as we progressed and we look at just data solutions and the whole technology and innovation spectrum, we do see a connectivity that's very important and it's the reason why we created a new Head of Technology and Innovation. That individual, Darren Kraabel, comes from the ATEN organization. He was one of the senior leaders there and his mission with our senior leadership across the Company, including Terry Hagen and Bob Pragada who run the two businesses is to drive revenue synergies. And you mentioned one of them, that we think is a great opportunity is cybersecurity with the acquisitions and organic capabilities we've built in ATEN is to drive that across both ATEN and BIAF. The whole IT enterprise management success that we've had in both ATEN and BIAF which has been doing the same thing, we see the ability to further strengthen that. And so whether it's organic strategies or potentially even inorganic opportunities, we see a really a parallel focus of continuing to drive these two line of businesses forward with their individual strategies, but revenue synergies associated with connecting the two as you outline.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. From an ATEN perspective, I think the message today around rebids is, they almost across the board move to the right, which I figure is a testament to our relationship and performance across the board. And as a result, we don't see -- we actually see stability around that as we go into 2019. And we believe that some of the rebid opportunities may start to progress in the second half, which would then come into play for 2020, but right now I would say that just move into the right and we feel pretty stable profile over the next 12 months, which means we'll put some of that back on the backlog as we get confirmation on those across the next couple of quarters. Now on which -- then I think the exciting part is, this rich pipeline of opportunity I mentioned 20% up year-over-year is really all new business opportunities and it's all part of that expansion that we've been talking about today, both market share as well as just growing in our core sectors. So I can't give any more specifics around quarter by quarter timing just because the nature of the businesses that it could happen tomorrow or may take three or four more months, but we feel very confident on continuing to ramp our backlog in ATEN steadily over the next 24 months. And then on the BIAF front, I've been very excited about what that team has been pursuing across the board as I continue to mention and some of those wins, we've already announced, but are not in our backlog. And so that creates a near-term dynamic of backlog growth in BIAF and there is just numerous opportunities across the built environment. Energy distribution is becoming a nice opportunity for us in outside of the U.S., specifically, there's opportunities in Germany to distribute renewable power and post nuclear era there that we're involved in. We're in Middle East as well around energy distribution with some significant opportunity. So that just becomes another add-on to the buildings opportunities, the life sciences, water across the globe as well as our major transportation play in highways, rail, and aviation. Aviation continues to be very strong for us. So I can't say anything other than I just expect to see it throughout the next several quarters a nice ramp up in backlog and BIAF as well and we'll see how the timing ends up.
Steve Demetriou: So as I said when we announced our portfolio transformation, we are building a stronger Jacobs that presents a compelling proposition for our employees, clients, investors, and superior value for our shareholders. We believe this transformation creates inspiring opportunities for employees, while driving a high performance culture that reflects accountability and inclusion, bringing together diverse people, capabilities, and perspectives. And amid the conversion and acceleration of significant global challenges, we are capturing attractive long-term growth opportunities and uniquely positioned to compete and win. So thank you very much and we look forward to seeing all of you at our Investor Day in February.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. We talked, Lucy, when we did the announcement on the ECR transaction is that, fundamentally, there's two things that are going to help us going forward with kind of our new portfolio after the transaction closes. First one is that the ECR business, while having done a great job in improving its margin profile over the last two or three years, is still the lowest margin business that we have. The operating profit margin is in the neighborhood of a couple of hundred basis points lower than the rest of the portfolio. So clearly when that exit -- that business exits, we will have a higher margin profile, which clearly will translate into a higher level of cash flow conversion going forward. The second piece is that the DSOs for the ECR business tend to be higher than the rest of the business, and certainly there are some structural issues associated with that business, obviously, very competitive in nature and consequently,as we think about our cash flow conversion, both of those items will translate into our results in cash flow actually improving versus where we are. Having said all of that, unlike the numbers that we were able to put up in the back half, this is kind of a messy year on our cash flow, because we've got a lot of things going on the integration efforts with CH2M, but the back half of the year, we are approaching $500 million of operating free cash flow in Q3, Q4 when you adjust for the one-time -- exclude the adjustment or exclude that one-time pension contribution we made. So we're developing into as we progress through the integration process of really strong picture as it relates to our cash flow dynamics going forward.
Kevin Berryman: So a couple of things, Jamie, to respond to the questions. First one on kind of the opportunity for our go-forward elimination of stranded costs. I think the way that we're thinking about this and we've already started the process is that as we look to finish and execute the final transaction close and again, we're expecting that to occur sometime in the first half of calendar year, by the time we are able to get to that point in time, we will have had very clear outline as it relates to what are the costs that will be going with the transaction to help support the ECR business and what costs will not and we will have taken actions to fundamentally largely offset any stranded costs that remain. And so our view is that that's what we're going to be able to do. So if you think about the dynamic associated with our reported results, while we are going to have a lower base versus the corporate overhead allocation, certainly the corporate allocations that are embedded into the business, we assume, we will be largely able to exit without really a lot of fundamental challenges associated with, let's call, the remain co-business. So that hopefully provides a little bit of incremental color. As we work through that with WorleyParsons, as we get to the final transition services agreement and understanding what costs we need to provide to them and how that works, we'll provide more updates, but it's true, it's a little bit too preliminary about that particular issue. In terms of the buyback, certainly the opportunity, we will continue to explore buyback on a short-term basis and take actions at minimum to offset the share creep from incentive comp that happens on an annual basis and we will continue to evaluate a share buyback in the near term associated with that. And potentially more to come as it relates to that as we work through the strategy update, clearly. The final thing on Inpex matter. Look, I think you'll be seeing the K come out in the next day or so and you'll see some incremental probably details versus what we have here. But let me make a couple comments. The total kind of purchase price accounting, the reserves that were established for the quarter incrementally versus Q3 was approximately $300 million increase, OK. Not all of that is associated with Inpex. While a chunk of it is, not all of it is. So I'll leave it there because we're in the midst of the arbitration process, the preliminary stages of that. So, certainly you can book-end it and say, it's certainly a number that's below that incremental amount that we put on in Q4. So hopefully that provides a little bit additional color for you.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Steven. I think the -- it's kind of two things. One, the preliminary wins that we've seen in October, so far in our fiscal 2019, and the pipeline, which is transitioning from a pipeline opportunity to a win, which fundamentally is getting to the point where it might not close in October or the first quarter of this year, but certainly in the second quarter of next year. So the developing pipeline as well as wins to-date are creating a pretty bullish view that we have as it relates to BIAF going forward into 2019.
Kevin Berryman: Certainly the second half would be the expectation. If some of those larger things happen in Q1, which we're not exactly sure of the timing of what might happen, certainly could happen a little bit sooner than that, but I would say for purposes of just being conservative, I would say more second half than second quarter related.
Kevin Berryman: So, a couple of things. First, as you know, the very strong double-digit revenue growth that we saw in 2018 was a ramp -- was largely associated with the ramp. But the underlying business was strong as well and so we fundamentally believe the benefits of the large project ramp ups is going to dissipate as we enter into 2019, but still the underlying business is strong and solid. And consequently, we're not going to see those large mid double-digit teen kind of increases in revenue, but we do expect good revenue growth. And so I think the overall kind of outlook for '18 continues to remain good solid growth. Probably more in the single-digit range obviously, and of course margin profiles continuing to improve over time. I think that's very much aligned with what our original strategy was that we outlined in 2016. And I would say, if anything, ATEN and their ability to drive innovation, not only into their own portfolio, but creating cross-sell opportunities with the remaining parts of our portfolio are going to be a driver to our ability to kind of grow margin profile longer term.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. I think we are feeling good about both ATEN and BIAF in terms of the growth profiles for next year. The one comment I would make and it was kind of covered in some of the remarks on the call is that we have been seeing these, for BIAF, some pretty large growth levels in the first part of the year, which was -- comparing to our backlog growth, which was good, solid, sustainable growth. But the growth was stronger. I think as you look at the fourth quarter numbers, you can kind of see that we've settled back to an annual number that's probably more in line with kind of the underlying momentum. So to that point, yes, we're probably back into the mid single digit kind of growth profile as it relates to the revenue growth, I think longer term. I think the piece that will certainly accelerate our benefit to improve our margin profile again is the gross margin and backlog, which we also will assume given the earlier comments that we are going to be seeing acceleration in that.
Kevin Berryman: And I think that we're continuing to work hard on the CH2M integration. Clearly, we've got more work to be done. We are very excited about the work that the teams have done to-date. And the profile of the margins, the profile of the cost synergies, all of the things that we were committing to at time of acquisition are going very, very well. But we can't take our eye off that ball, obviously. But, nonetheless, it's the strategy of, as we're developing it and the update to that, it's clear that there are going to be opportunities that could become available, whether it is smaller acquisitions or whatnot and we will obviously consider those. So there isn't an absolute heartbreak that nothing will happen until which time that we do some of these things. The other point is, depending upon what's happening as it relates to the overall market, certainly we will be considering share buybacks and those kinds of matters prior to our Investor Day in February.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, this is -- we're in the early stages of this arbitration. I can tell you that we feel we've been very prudent as it relates to the incremental reserves that we've put on the books as it relates to this matter. So, it's hard for us to even think about something that would equate to the numbers that you're alluding to. I think that there is we've done a very deep dive on this issue during our diligence. We've done -- been doing additional deep dives over the course of this year and we believe that the matter at hand and the view that we've put on to the opening balance sheet is prudent and not aggressive from a Jacobs' perspective. So I guess I would leave it there. Look, there is a variety of ways that the folks may be interpreting this, but I'm telling you, we view this as a prudent step to take and we haven't been -- I don't think we are underestimating the position that we have to bring to the party as it relates to this matter.
Kevin Berryman: If you look at the reserve that's been established, as I've already said on this call, it's well below $300 million and that's a pre-tax number.
Kevin Berryman: No, I think you answered it pretty well. Our disciplined approach to this effort in driving shareholder value, especially as it relates to potential transactions that might be considered, this is a cash return team that looks at and evaluates in a disciplined manner the amount of cash that could be expended and the expected return profile associated with it. And so to Steve's point, we have a view as it relates to how we are going to want to drive our business going forward. And there are certainly some opportunities that we believe are out there, but we don't feel we have to do it. And consequently, we'll be very disciplined when we execute and determine what the implications for our portfolio is, what the value creation opportunity is, and that ultimately will translate to an incremental return from a cash flow basis.
Kevin Berryman: No, I was just going to say, you also asked a question about the cash EPS. Certainly, there is noise in our figures right now as it relates to the CH2M acquisition and the amortization, and then what happens when we divest. And certainly, we will provide an update as it relates to that at our Investor Day coming in February. So certainly there are some benefits associated with that because it gives us greater clarity on that underlying cash flow, which I was fundamentally just talking about.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, as we've talked about, the ECR sale, which again is going to be scheduled for the close -- first half of the calendar year 2019, there is a greater degree of volatility associated with that. And we fundamentally believe that our remaining businesses are poised against long-term secular needs, both for the U.S. government and governments across the world, as well as the infrastructure needs across the globe as well. So we fundamentally believe there is an underlying positive kind of secular trend that we should be able to benefit from. So we don't see that at this particular point in time in terms of there being a very large kind of change as it relates to the go forward momentum behind each of these businesses that we are talking to. So certainly, the secular trends that we've seen in the past, especially when you talk about the commodity side of our business will be eliminated. And consequently, we believe that there is a greater stability associated with our business. And when you combine that with the innovation efforts that are going to be embedded into our portfolio, which are already happening and which will continue to be accelerated, given our focus on it, that further will provide an ability to mitigate versus any kind of overall slowdowns relative to specific businesses or industries in which we are serving. So we're very robust as it relates to that.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Clearly, we provided some preliminary guidance for the Q1 figures. You will note that if you take that number and multiply by four, it doesn't get to the $5 to $5.40 that we provided as guidance. There's a couple of things I think that are important to note. First one is the kind of cadence of EPS over the course of our year, the lowest quarter in the year is our first quarter. That's driven by a couple of things. Certainly it's driven by the kind of holiday period where we tend to have a little bit lower revenues, revenue burns associated with what's going on. Clearly, the winter aspects associated with our first quarter, the October to December time period also impacts that. So that is one thing. So the seasonality of Q1 is always a lower number and we tend to basically see when you look at a number, which is Q1 versus kind of how we've ended a quarter of the previous quarter, typically, we can range from 15% down to maybe even as high as 20%, 25% down sequentially versus our fourth quarter. So, know that our guidance for the first quarter has that embedded into it and the first -- and the other thing which I alluded to on our call was, we saw some really good performance through the last half of our fiscal 2018 relative to our fringe rate performance. And that's really driven by our actuarial teams and they do the full analysis and we've seen really good performance on medical, on workers' comp, in insurance claims and all of those things, which has been really positive. We're not assuming that that continues to the rate that it is. So you take those two things combined and effectively, that translates into a more muted Q1 figure. The other point that I would make consistent with 2018 is our ramp in synergies continues. And so at the end of the year, the synergies are larger than at the beginning of the year, and as we saw this year, clearly the margin profile was changing over the course of the year where the margins continually got bigger on a sequential basis and our Q4 numbers of 6.8% for the quarter were clearly an indication of that. And we would expect a similar dynamic, maybe not as pronounced in 2019 because of the large successes we had in synergies in 2018. So clearly, yes, just like last year, our back-end is stronger than our front-end and clearly Q1 is seasonably the lowest EPS quarter for the year.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, I think, our backlog gross margin expectations include both, right. So to the extent that we are bidding on projects and we have a clear understanding of what our cost structures are, which creates some level of productivity that we have been able to realize, plus, in fact, perhaps an incremental margin profile associated with our innovation or the project itself, both of those are embedded to that gross margin kind of expectation going forward. Now, having said that, more to come as it relates to our continuing opportunities on the integration of the CH2M portfolio and I would say the one thing that remains out there is our continuing investment in our system environment which is not yet really done. We've started that process to integrate the two companies together on a single ERP platform. That is really hard work. There is some pluses and minuses, and that's a hard thing to work through when you've got the moving pieces we have as an organization but we would feel like that will start to generate some incremental benefit as we go over the course of the year as well. And certainly as we go into 2020, we'll have an ERP suite of applications, which is going to be much better than it is today.
