Steve Demetriou: Thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 business performance and key initiatives. Turning to slide four, before I review our results, I’d like to share that we are in the final stages of completing our new strategy. We will be hosting an investor event the week of March 7th for a deep dive of the next phase of our Jacobs’ transformation. Three key initiatives have emerged. First, we are putting in place a purpose-driven roadmap rooted in our values and strong culture to maximize our next stage of growth. Secondly, we identified and have aligned investment resources to capture three multi-decade growth opportunities, global infrastructure modernization, climate response and the digitization of industry. And third, we are taking a transformational approach to executing against these opportunities as we are unlocking the innovation engine at Jacobs, expanding our technology ecosystem, while accelerating our trajectory of profitable growth and durable cash flow generation. We look forward to illuminating the strategy at our upcoming investor event. Now turning to our financial results, I am pleased with our strong fourth quarter and fiscal year performance, with net revenue increasing 7% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA grew 12% during the quarter and 18% for the full year. Backlog ended the fourth quarter up 12% year-over-year and up 7% on a pro forma basis. PA Consulting continued to post exceptional performance with 41% revenue growth. More importantly, PA delivered this growth, while maintaining adjusted operating profit margins up 24%. For the full year, PA revenue surpassed $1 billion, far exceeding our deal investment model. As we look at overall Jacobs growth going forward, we now have certainty surrounding the unprecedented U.S. infrastructure funding with the passage of the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure and Jobs Act last week. And more broadly, global infrastructure modernization and national security needs are accelerating as our government and commercial clients address the challenges of climate change, advancement of their digitization strategies and increasing cyber threats. On top of that, our advanced facilities business is expected to show significant growth, driven by the need for additional semiconductor manufacturing capacity and post-pandemic life sciences priorities. Given these strong growth dynamics, we are introducing fiscal 2022 guidance for double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. Looking beyond 2022, we expect our strong organic growth to result in approximately $10 per share of adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2025. Turning to slide five, as we reflect on climate change, it is globally accepted that humanity is at a critical juncture in our efforts to limit global warming. Jacobs and PA participated at the recent UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties COP26 in Glasgow to demonstrate our commitment to reinvent tomorrow with immediate and sustained action in the transition to a net zero economy. We stood alongside other business, financial and government leaders, as well as activists and students to make sure our voice was heard. We engaged in activities to accelerate solutions to ensure the world stays on track to meet the critical 1.5 degree Celsius trajectory, while preparing to adapt to the changes already locked in from climate change. As we move to slide six, given the nature of our business, it’s clear that Jacobs’ greatest opportunity to positively address climate change comes from a sustainable and resilient solutions that we co-create and deliver in partnership with our clients. To spearhead this effort, we have established a new Office of Global Climate Response on ESG to ensure that sustainability is woven into all of our solutions across markets and geographies. We are accelerating our established partnerships with the public and private sector to advance net zero carbon outcomes, climate resilience, natural and social capital, as well as ESG business transformation and alignment with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Annually, we generate approximately $5 billion of ESG-related revenue and expect to grow significantly over the next several years, driven by strong capability in energy transition, decarbonization, climate adaptation and natural resource stewardship. Our culture is a competitive differentiator. Our people have the knowledge, curiosity and the trust of our clients to achieve our purpose to create a more connected sustainable world. With that, I will turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.
Steve Demetriou: Thanks, Kevin. We are introducing our fiscal 2022 outlook for adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion, which at the midpoint represents double-digit growth. Our adjusted earnings per share outlook for fiscal 2022 is in the range of $6.85 to $7.45. We expect a multiyear benefit from the U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to support our growth in the second half of fiscal 2022. As we look beyond this year, we see substantial opportunities for sustained organic growth driven by infrastructure modernization, climate response and digital transformation. We anticipate approximately $10 of adjusted EPS in fiscal 2025. At our in-person investor event in March we will further expound on our long-term strategy and financial model. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Well, look, there are some investors that are holding back because of some of our work which is really a very small portion, probably, less than 2% of our overall revenue that is really focused around what I would call critical national security for the U.S. Government and we are reaching out to those investors to try to explain that we are not involved in things like the manufacturing of nuclear weapons or whatever is holding them back. But I really think that as people understand sort of the fact that we are probably the largest public company delivering ESG climate change solutions out there that, as they see that ramping up and get more clarity, I think, we are going to attract a lot more investors that want to be part of the ESG story.
Steve Demetriou: Look again, it’s so small that we haven’t really thought about that. But like anything else, Jerry, over the next few years, you will hear a little more about the stern strategy. We are going to continue to look at our portfolio and make sure we are aligned with all the right growth dynamics and I think we have proven that up to now we will continue to transform our portfolio in the right direction.
Steve Demetriou: Sure. So as far as prioritization goes, I would say that, kind of, if you were to segregate into two buckets, one around climate change and the second round all those things that are creating the supply chain disruption. Those are the ones that are coming to priority right now. I’d say on the climate change piece and this is where the portfolio optimization is really helping us. We are honing in on those areas that we have a sound market leadership and long-term client relationships, and where we can deliver immediate value. And those are squarely around transportation, water resiliency and in all of the environmental impacts that are affiliated with climate change. And so those client relationships that we have had have been pretty robust for several years and are supporting those opportunities. Around advanced facilities, this is a multi-decade type of leadership approach that we have had specifically in semis, but also in life sciences that, that’s been a legacy business of ours forever. And so we are seeing those opportunities again not searching for them, these are long-term client relationships that we have had and we are kind of in the capital planning for those clients. And so it’s really gaining share with long-term clients that’s setting the priorities.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. The -- look, we are pretty positive, confident that this whole continuing resolution, defense budgets, all that will play out over the next several months and get concluded. And we are expecting increase in the DoD budget and we are pretty positive about space and cyber and in the growth rates, especially in the classified work where we are significantly aligned too and hypersonic and telecom and we feel very well-positioned at places like NASA and how the budgets played out there. So really it is comes down to the whole timing question that you asked there. There has been some delay, very modest delay as the government clients are waiting just to see the outcome of this budget. And so as soon as that gets finalized, we see a few of these near-term prospects that we intended to unleash, whether that happens in December or the second quarter, I think, we are talking about sort of that kind of timing. So we are -- that’s why we are very optimistic about the upward trend in CMS revenue growth as we move through 2022.
Steve Demetriou: So that’s a couple of things and maybe I will turn it over to Bob for any additional color. I think, Andy, the first thing is that, the acceleration in their growth, which is really the driver to what’s been happening in 2022, a lot of it, a chunk of it is in related to that specific work Bob was alluding to on pandemic related and the work that they have been doing for the U.K. Government, really, really strong performance. Now they are -- as we look into 2022, they are going to be growing, but it’s not going to be at that same rate that we have been talking about. They have got to figure out a way to recover and get new business to replace some of this business that’s going to go away. So it’s not a slam dunk as it relates to what’s going to be happening in 2022 by any stretch. So having said all of that, what they have done in 2022 or 2021 has been extraordinarily strong, good margins and they have been executing well. And actually, the exciting thing is the collaboration between PA and People & Places and CMS is very strong and we are seeing that develop into longer term growth opportunities for maybe PA, but certainly Jacobs as well.
Kevin Berryman: So, look, I think, there’s a couple of things that we need to point out, specifically, the customers that Bob highlighted in the -- in his comments really about our advanced facilities, clearly very, very, very strong now. And the semiconductor shortage is acute and we have many of our clients that are looking to build significant capacities over the next several years. I do think our private clients ultimately are now all thinking more robustly about spend as it relates to environmental solutions and thinking about how they can transform their footprints in a way that are facilitating our ability to become a more sustainable global economy and I think that that’s clear. And then I would augment that is with our government services side exactly the same comment. So I think that CapEx is very strong in that regard. The last piece I would call out is our environmental business and energy transition business is touching the oil and gas space as well, where we are working with them to ultimately provide incremental capability sets that that will help them and then becoming a more viable, sustainable contributor to the global climate actions being taken around the globe. So I think you are right. There were wide -- we are focused across a wide swath and actually a lot of them, given the work we do are very, very strongly focused on these areas, which we think will encourage incremental CapEx longer term.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. Jamie, thanks. Thanks for that. The $10 is really an organic number that we are alluding to and really doesn’t involve capital deployment in any material fashion. And so, I think, clearly, there could be potential upside to those numbers, but we are working through all of that with our strategy, which we will talk more about in March, as Steve outlined. So, some of your questions are a little premature as we are finalizing all that work for margins and whatnot. Rest assured, I think, you can pretty much assume that the margin is not going down as it relates to what we are trying to get accomplished from an overall perspective. As it relates to cost to get there, look, we think that most of the things that we are going to be able to do are going to be embedded in our normal course operational expenditures. We did -- I did highlight the fact that we are working on a further optimization of our real estate footprint.
Kevin Berryman: … a potential impairment of 60 to 70, maybe up to 70 in the first half, maybe even in the first quarter. And then if I think about other things, there’s not going to be significant moneys on top of that, maybe 25 to 50 in 2022, and then 2023 and beyond, TBD, I would say. And so we are really thinking that we like the portfolio and other than things that would occur relative to integration of acquisitions and deal costs and those kind of things probably somewhat de minimis in terms of restructuring costs outside of those.
Kevin Berryman: Look, we are in this period of time in our Q1 and Q2 primarily where the numbers aren’t really going to be impacted yet by the stimulus. We believe that’s more a Q3 event. Maybe we get a little bit in Q2 but likely not and that is more Q3 and an acceleration into Q4 that we would expect the benefits associated with the stimulus and so we are excited about that. Having said all of that, I do believe our incremental growth going forward in Q1 and Q2 is going to be more solid than what we have been seeing over the last few quarters. And so we are starting to see some of that benefit of the advanced facilities, certainly not as much in Q1 but in Q2 and so I do think we will see some good solid growth in Q1 and Q2 on People & Places and then it will accelerate again, hopefully, into the Q3 and Q4 numbers. So we feel good about the developing momentum. I did make the comment that we are investing in front of that growth, too. So we are not going to see a lot of incremental margin associated with that because we are investing heavily.
Kevin Berryman: So, CMS specifically, as you may recall, two years, three years, four years ago, when we did have these lower margin large contracts, we were in the 5% to 6% operating profit margin and we have now built over time that to the mid-8% number, which is great and it’s consistent with our strategy. As we look about 2022 specifically, we will have ramp on some other lower margin business associated with Idaho and other nuclear remediation work. But that’s not going to dampen our margin. It’s just going to hold it flat for 2022, and then in 2023 and beyond, we started to see incremental margin above that as well. So it’s a continuation of a long term margin play. It’s just ebbs and flows when the big contracts come in, the margins associated with them. So 2022 is a little limited in terms of incremental margin and then we start to build again in 2023 and beyond.
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think, what we do when we put forth our indications of what we expect our business to do, we think those are numbers that are obviously going to be able to be executed against. And so, yeah, there’s a lot of moving pieces, and you are right, we will hopefully exit this year with a greater velocity than what we entered clearly and so we will see how that plays out. But I think, ultimately, what’s clear is that we have got to, whether it’s 12% or 11% or 13% or 14%, whatever it ends up being, we are going to have a long haul of good solid margin enhancing growth in front of us.
Kevin Berryman: Just a follow-up on your question on rebids. There is at the end of the year a couple larger rebids that we are going to have to be thinking through. But there’s really no rebid risk embedded into the 2022 year assumptions.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, we are talking 2025 here. That’s four years from now. We are still in the midst of a pandemic and I think it’s prudent to put some variability about what the world looks like four years from now. So I think the most powerful message about the $10 is we are putting that number out there even if economic situation is in not a good place in 2025. So, look, I think, it’s prudent. Prudent to put out numbers that are appropriate and we feel like we can get after, and by the way, that’s four years from now. So a lot can happen in four years.
Bob Pragada: Yeah. What I’d add to that, Kevin, is that. Steve that the -- what’s giving us optimism around there is our bookings. If we look at just what the way we started out the year from a bookings perspective, it’s been solid. What the other part of that is that we have to think about the project life cycle. So these bookings are starting off with consultative services that are on the front end of some of these programs and projects and then they go through the subsequent phases where our services will escalate. So, overall, very good leading indicators that support what Kevin is saying.
Bob Pragada: Hi, Michael. Let me unpack that here a bit. First, on the acquisition piece, we are excited. If you look at the last two that we did within CMS about a year ago with the Buffalo Group and most recently with BlackLynx, these are right down the -- right in the bull’s eye of where we are going in cyber and intelligence. Where we are bringing in, whether it be client diversification with the Buffalo Group and higher end advisory services and that has played out extremely well. If you look at some of the, we have code names for them, but some of the wins that we have had over the course of the last nine months, that has played out perfectly. And then BlackLynx is getting us into those software solutions coupled with advisory services on automation and collection of data with processing engines that are working at the edge all around security. And so we are excited about both of those and coupled with long-term advisory platforms that we have had and the agencies that we are already in, that’s going to serve us extremely well. With regard to prospects in the P&PS world, I targeted more towards it’s not too dissimilar than our cyber and intelligence prospects around technology. We have got a strong position with our domain knowledge for several decades within those end markets that we are talking about, coupled with now technology-enabled solutions is really what our acquisition strategy has been as accelerants to our strategy. So we are looking at the pipeline right now. It looks really good and more to follow on that front, as Steve mentioned, at the Investor Day. The employee base is something that we are acutely focused in on right now. This is where our globality really, really helps us, in that. We are in multiple locations around the world with high end talent that are delivering global talent utilized to deliver local solutions. And so, our ability to scale, you hear about some of the labor shortages that and labor topics that are -- that we are faced with in the western hemisphere, we are scaling in multiple locations for jobs that are all around the world and that’s a -- that’s been a big piece of ours. And then that last part with regards to PA, making a couple of collaborative opportunities. But where our -- where PA sits in, a lot of the same clients that we have in that C suite, as well as in kind of the front end of technology as our clients are developing new innovative ways of delivering the global topics, we are seeing the collaboration accelerate, and hopefully, we will have some more wins to talk about. The DEFRA win in the U.K. last quarter. This win -- can’t disclose client in the biotechnology world. It’s just shown that having the ability to offer expertise at this entirety of the life cycle of a project, to program or an issue is powerful and it’s one that’s picking up some significant momentum. So we are excited on all front.
Bob Pragada: Maybe two areas that we knew about, we probably didn’t fully give credit to the depth of the two things I am about to mention. One is the applied technology ability that they have. You see consulting firms that have kind of a roadmap or a recipe or a methodology that they utilize for different challenges and then proposing solutions. PA is applied, applied technology to solve a unique issue. And so that has really paid some dividends, especially with the new work. Kevin and I talked about the U.K. work, but this is now what we are seeing in the U.S. And then the second is around the depth of relationship. The depth of relationships that PA has and where to connect in the client organization and really hone that relationship through performance has been extremely impressive and is, again, we knew about it, it’s exceeded our expectation.
