Steve Demetriou: Thanks, Kevin. Now, let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong start to the fiscal year, we're raising the low-end of our previous guidance ranges. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be in a range of $1.075 billion to $1.155 billion versus our previous outlooks of $1.055 billion to $1.155 billion. And we expect adjusted EPS to now be in a range of $5.30 to $6 versus our previous outlook of $5.20 to $6. It is important to note that our guidance does not include any benefit from the PA Consulting investment, which we expect to close by the end of fiscal second quarter. Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we continue to expect double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth, as we benefit from our Focus 2023 initiatives, as well as potential infrastructure related stimulus and a strong alignment to a diverse set of large secular growth opportunities. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Great. So we are a company that is always active and making sure we're exploring all opportunities globally, and we're going to continue to do that. We have recently executed on some acquisitions with The Buffalo Group and PA Consulting most recently, and Wood Nuclear is fairly new. So, for us our top priority is to execute on those recent acquisitions and demonstrate continued success. We feel proud of what we achieved with a major one of CH2M back in 2017 and have successfully executed and exceeded expectations, and so we want to focus on that right now. As I mentioned in my remarks, over the next months, our primary capital deployment is going to be to pay down debt. However, when we look at the pipeline of opportunities in our strategy, there are several bolt-on opportunities even within PA Consulting. When we think about what we have initiated there coming together with PA, they've been a very successful firm in doing bolt-on acquisitions. It’s helped them create value, and we want to continue to support that, and together we think that there's going to be some real interesting things that we can do in that whole consulting arena, which is higher margin and higher value business. And then of course, anything that we can do to just accelerate our digital modernization, strategic data utilization as we have done with the series of cyber acquisitions, including most recently KeyW and The Buffalo Group, and so we'll continue to be active on the government services space, and any other bolt-on acquisitions that can strengthen our P&PS business as well. And, the final thing I'll say is there's some geographic expansion opportunities when you looked at our mix of business, yes, it really is still majority -- the majority of our revenue comes from the U.S. and UK and then it drops down significantly from there. And so, we think there's some great geographic expansion initiatives over the coming years.
Steve Demetriou: Space is -- has been a legacy, strengthen and an important part of our revenue going back to the -- the long history we have with NASA, where we're NASA's leading solutions provider across essentially all of their sites and so that's our foundation. And then with the KeyW acquisition and some of the other initiatives that we've done both organically and bolted-on is that first of all, low-earth space intelligence that Bob just talked about that we're very excited about most of that is a very highly classified work. So that's now going to -- we believe is going to be a very high growth add-on to our whole space initiatives. So -- and then would be adjacency work that comes with our intelligence work and relationship with the space community is the whole hypersonics area that it's going to be something that is big for us starting in the sort of the consulting research development and then getting into some of the big programs there. So well over a $1 billion today and one that we expect high growth walk going forward.
Steve Demetriou: All right, thank you. In conclusion, our Jacob's people drive our performance. And this year more than ever, their commitment, creativity, and perseverance was our differentiator. We've chosen to honor their spirit in our integrated Annual Report for 2020, which we launched two weeks ago. I encourage you to visit the Investor page of our website to read the report and explore some of the stories of accomplishment for our clients and our communities in furthering our strong culture. Thank you.
Bob Pragada: Sure, Joe. So on the first, we're really excited about what Mango One brings to us. So it's a heavy payload, low earth orbit satellite, that's ours. And we invested in this, and it's now in space gathering data, it is kind of a right of entry to some of the higher-end, both intelligence agencies as well as other application platforms. And it's going to put us in a really unique position for some of the -- not only ongoing pursuits but even for offerings that come in the future. So I'd say that, the programs and projects that we've talked about Project M and all kinds of other tropical fruits that we refer to these programs by, it puts us in a very much differentiated position to further strengthen our win ratio. There's only a few that happen.
Bob Pragada: Yes. So maybe -- Andy, I'll address that first and then go back to the year-on-year performance. We do, so the short answer is, yes. The pipeline that we capitalize on in Q1, the dialogue in anticipation of stimulus continues with our clients. And so where we fit in the value chain, where we would be in the initial concept work scoping, looking at what potential optionality are around and objectives will be different structure project, I see those continuing. As well as the opportunities we're seeing were driven by the pandemic, but in the healthcare and in the data center and semiconductor manufacturing world. So I think those remain strong. As far as what we see coming out of the funding, I really -- I'm sorry, the year-on-year piece, I'd really kind of point to the sustainability of our work due to the framework and the position we have with our clients. So, yes, there has been a bit of a revenue decline, but it wasn't a drop off the cliff. And we were able to -- there was a bit of a drop in Q3 of last year and we've been able to sustain it. Remember, comparison to last year, quarter-on-quarter -- I'm sorry, year-on-year, we weren't in the pandemic. And so, I think that flatness is what we're seeing as far as the revenue piece and looking to see -- looking at product turnaround as the backlog converts.
Bob Pragada: Yes. We are -- within the next 12 months. I think I mentioned that $10 billion is in source selection. Specifically around, I think the question was around ISR, and our tack on cyber to that. Now with The Buffalo Group and with the kind of our positioning in that space now both in cyber as well as intelligence would it be the intelligent commands or defense or in even the joint commands, the co-concept on. We are now in the majority of them with increased skill sets across multi-domain. So we see those awards coming in. They might not be as large and longer in duration, these jobs traditionally are now in the current form aren't. But we see those continue to flow in from Q3 and beyond with higher margin.
Bob Pragada: Well, let me start with kind of how we've gotten to where we are because Jacobs has always been a company that has been working on digital smart initiatives going back to the work that we've done with NASA and others. But when you look at the last several years, the CH2M acquisition and was the combination has really accelerated our capability, the things that CH2M brought like digital twins that we talked about and several other capabilities. And then we go into the whole strategy that we unleashed over the last several years, around the Jacobs Connected Enterprise and now taking us to a higher level in the culture that we put in. The talent attraction that we've had a very focused talent attraction on making sure that we bring in all the subject matter expertise and the digital capabilities just -- it's been impressive and really tapping into the -- some of the most innovative companies to bring some of their talent to Jacobs. And then the last two big steps have been the rebranding to really make our clients more aware, a lot of the stuff we were doing for certain clients in one part of Jacobs, mostly rest of our clients didn't really know that we have actually capability and -- and that brand initiative that we launched last year was a key step. And then PA Consulting is now going to take it to a whole new level around the end-to-end solutions that we can provide. When you look at the IP that we have, it's pretty impressive across the board, and then the technology hubs that we focus on geospatial productive analytics, cyber, Internet-of-Things, intelligent asset management. And when you put it all together, the real differentiation for Jacobs is that we have both the domain knowledge, decades of experience working on all of these things, and markets and clients and we have typically -- state-of-the-art technology skillset in bringing digital solutions. So when you put that together, we feel like we're in that unique differentiated position.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, look Jamie, thanks for the question. First thing is on the P&PS margin profile, we actually saw a good solid gross margin performance, but really the fundamental margin profile driven primarily by the very disciplined management of our G&A costs. Of course some of that has been driven already by some of the work that we did, when we announced some of the activities relative to our reduction in footprint on real estate, some of the travel reductions that we've been doing. But there's also been fairly significant actions -- proactive actions taken in terms of managing our labor costs appropriately relative to the current situation regarding the pandemic. We're closely monitoring that. And as we think about how our business starts to come back, which is fully anticipated over the course of this year, some of those costs will come back into play as it relates to the business, but that's going to be associated with higher gross profit as well. So ultimately, margin profile will continue to be robust, maybe not at the same level as Q1 but certainly well above what we would have expected to see in 2020, what we did see in 2020, so feeling very good about that opportunity. In terms of the margin profile between the two businesses, we've said that we believe actual margin profile can improve on both sides with both of the businesses. And consequently, a big focus in 2021 is starting to reduce in a more tangible way the margin profile difference between the two businesses, and we've been communicating that CMS margins should be a strong improvement this year. And I think we started to see that in the first quarter, and we would expect that to continue to play out over the balance of 2021.
Kevin Berryman: In general, I would say that the opportunity for us to continue to drive DSO improvements from existing levels, we believe that this remains an opportunity, it's tough work as I've always said relative to the ability to continue to drive that number down. Very pleased with the work in Q4 of last year, very pleased with where we ended Q1 of fiscal 2021. And we believe that there's an opportunity to continue to drive that down and that our mix of projects won't necessarily, ultimately result in that underlying trend longer term. So, we still feel good about that, still got a lot of work to do, but we feel good about the cash flow generative nature of the portfolio going forward.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, thanks. Appreciate the question; look on the number going from the 80 till 100. That's effectively driven by the AWE item that is a non-cash charge, we highlighted that that there was a current evaluation that was occurring during our Q4 call, you might recall. And so we basically had to write-down our AWE investment that was made several years ago, so no real difference in terms of restructuring. Of course, we have not yet included any of the dynamics associated with PA; there will be some costs obviously there. And that will be further clarified after we actually have PA come on into the full of hopefully expected by the end of this quarter. So no real fundamental change at this particular point in time other than the AWE charge, non-cash charge.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Mike for the question. I think with a lot of the work that Steve just alluded to in our strategy over the last several years has positioned us very, very well from the balance sheet perspective to be able to execute against the PA transaction. Our actual net debt is probably in the neighborhood once we close, is probably in the area of two times. So, still quite nice in terms of our position. We still have substance of levels of cash at that particular point in time. So we have some flexibility as it relates to that. Our gross debt levels will be a little bit higher. So our idea is that we will kind of in the very short-term, we do some of that gross debt level with incremental cash generation that we're going to be seeing about. We feel like we still have a really good flexibility as it relates to how we will look to deploy capital not in -- and then necessarily in immediate term, but certainly as we progress through the next few months and into later 2021, we'll be able to have some greater levels of flexibility there. So really quite well-positioned relative to our debt structure even after the amount of fund that are going to be paid out it's appropriately -- it's approximately about $1.8 billion. So we'll be doing well, even with that in terms of our leverage factors. Relative to the other equity matters, we said that these are good strategic investments and that we'll continue to think about what that means longer term.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Look, the guidance that we've provided, it doesn't assume anything as it relates to a major infrastructure there. There certainly seems to be some incremental momentum there and our view, however, is that we will start to see an ability to start to see incremental momentum in the back half of 2021, and certainly, the sustainability comment that Bob had made is important because of the particular stimulus package that's being considered right now provides that opportunity to do so. I think if you combine it all together with Focus 2023, and our continued efforts to drive the effectiveness across the globe and with the continuation of an improving economic picture, we still think there is an ability to have great growth in 2022 and beyond. And that would be double-digit obviously. If there is a large infrastructure built, that would be augmenting some of those numbers. I think as it relates to both CMS and PPS, with P&PS, we feel good about the growth prospects of both of the business long term. Both are aligned with really strong growth trends, critical mission areas as outlined by Bob, and then of course People & Places aligned the secular long-term growth trend. So we feel pretty good about the growth algorithm that's facing us in terms of both of the businesses.
