Steve Demetriou: Thanks, Kevin. I am excited about the continued traction of our business transformation. We are seeing a strong inclusive culture developing across Jacobs. Our pipeline is increasing year-over-year with larger, higher margin opportunities and we are strategically leveraging our balance sheet, investing in ourselves through timely share buybacks, as well as disciplined and targeted M&A activities in strong growth sectors.We're introducing fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA outlook in the range of $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion. We're also initiating fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.30 to $5.80, which at the midpoint represents a 17% year-over-year growth when excluding the impact of fiscal 2019 discrete tax items.In summary, fiscal 2019 was a strong year of performance. We have a clear vision and strategy for Jacobs and we'll remain disciplined in executing against it. We're well-aligned to capture secular growth opportunities, we have a strong balance sheet and we're well positioned to deliver on our financial targets.Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah, the M&A pipeline continue to be pretty rich because our M&A team is doing a great job working with the two business lines on exploring some of the traditional bolt-on opportunities as well as the differentiated opportunities as we really look at strengthening ourselves in areas like consulting, strengthening ourselves in digital capability and innovative technology. And so, there's lots of opportunities out there. But as Kevin said and I said in both our remarks, we're going to remain very disciplined. And, obviously, we're not going to make M&A moves just for the sake of scale. They've got to be value creating and we continue to believe that we've got a great investment opportunity in ourselves. And so, this is going to be a balance of just monitoring the M&A market against buying back our own shares. And so, our capital deployment strategy will remain disciplined.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. So, as I mentioned in my remarks, we believe in the long term benefit of KeyW. We do think it's going to be a game changer for Jacobs. Nothing has changed from the time we bought it. And if anything, what has excited us are the synergy opportunities across all of Jacobs. So, the benefits that we're seeing are People & Places Solutions now going after in combination with the KeyW organization.I think, overall, our opportunity is the same, the mix of where it will come from, some of it we may actually see spill over into the People & Places Solutions business versus some of the specific businesses that maybe we thought were going to show up in the traditional KeyW area just based on timing. The special project that you talked about, we remain extremely confident, if not more confident, but the timing of it is still sort of something that isn't, obviously, in our hands and we're continuing to demonstrate the success and the staging of that, but not sure that'll play through completely in 2020 as we had previously expected. But as I said, our team is more confident today that that's going to ultimately come to fruition. And whether it spills over into the first half of 2021 or second half of 2020, we can't say for sure here today.But I'll just give you one sort of example of why we're excited about KeyW and the combination with Jacobs. Prior to KeyW, we, Jacobs, were at about 50% of the intel agencies across the whole $60 billion intel business. And now with KeyW, we're 100% covered with all of the agencies. And that's where we're getting excited about the pipeline, maybe more than we had thought prior to acquiring it. And so, whereas we talk about the space intelligence as a tremendous opportunity, we're now getting even more excited about the cyber side and the intel side, the mission IT side. And so, that's where my comments were around. The mix is different, but the overall opportunity is very exciting going forward.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah, Michael. Why don't I answer the second one first? The skill sets, I'd say, we're looking for would be more cross cutting and probably focusing more on cyber right now, cyber as well as predictive analytics. As far as which way they're going, it's pretty bilateral right now, is that we're seeing a lot of our cyber expertise that we have within our Critical Mission Solutions, have an effect on what would traditionally be infrastructure projects. And then, going the other way – well, actually going both ways, our geospatial expertise, utilizing what we have within our Critical Mission Solutions as well as in People & Places for infrastructure as well as for other applications. So, it's pretty bright. It really is the connectivity between both lines of business, is the technology piece.
Steve Demetriou: I think just in the Critical Mission Solutions side, we're excited about some unusually larger opportunities that are in the pipeline, and so the exciting thing is that they are larger than normal, but because of the size that it is going to take a little longer to play out to go through the bid process and hopefully win these. We feel very positive about our positioning on it. So, just building on Kevin's comment, it's why we – when we’re talking about the pipeline going up, it’s some significant size projects, that will most likely play out in the second half of this year.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. I think if you look at what we said during investor day on the three-year hurdles, we’re on path to that. We do see from quarter to quarter of bit of seasonality, specifically in the first half, and then that kind of makes its way through and we saw for two consecutive years a bit more robust operating profit margins at the second half of the year. We see that continuing in the next year with the incremental growth when you evaluate it on a year-on-year business.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah. I would augment Bob's comment and say, you shouldn't necessarily assume the strength in Q4 as the new norm. Q4 tends to be a very good quarter in this business and tends to be our strongest quarter profile. So, it doesn't mean that we're not going to see some good days over the course of the year, consistent with what our strategic objectives are. But don't necessarily assume that that's the new norm because I think that would be an inappropriate assumption as you think about what the future margin profile, how that will play out over the course of the year.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you. So, it's an exciting time for Jacobs, our new brand. We've made a bold change, shaped by our employees, clients, shareholders. Our brands reflects our proud history centered around our belief that we can create a more connected, sustainable world together. Challenging today. Reinventing tomorrow. Thank you.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah, we haven't disclosed actually the specific numbers, Jamie. And thanks for your question relative to the growth factors in 2020. But on a net revenue basis, we certainly believe we're in the higher as opposed to lower single digit numbers in terms of our organic revenue growth and we're excited about that. And, of course, all of this is consistent with what I would characterize as pro forma number. So, we've adjusted history relative to that. So, good solid mid to higher single digit level growth factors for the businesses.I think that, as we think about the other comment, I still believe that the $7 to $8 kind of what I would call earnings potential power is potentially out there and available to us. Our ability to ultimately deliver against that is going to be driven a lot by our ability to continue to execute against share buybacks in a manner that's consistent with creating incremental shareholder value and, obviously, the potential for incremental M&A activities which ultimately have to work from a strategic perspective as well as a financial one. So, we feel great about where we are relative to that, although it's clear that, while the earnings potential is there, it's got to make economic sense for us to be able to deliver against that. And I think that's exactly consistent with how we thought about it back in investor day, and so really no fundamental change from our perspective.
Kevin Berryman: So, we've characterized our growth in terms of a range of levels and certainly, at this particular point in time, our net revenue growth would be kind of at the high end of our range, right around that. So, I don't know that we would ultimately say that we're executing at a different level than what we've always said. This is clearly within the range of what we said. We're very pleased with the fact that we're at that upper end of the range and we would expect that, hopefully, we'll be able to continue to deliver against it.What we see right now is what is in front of us for 2020. If we think about going beyond into 2021, we'll play it year by year and execute accordingly, but we feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. Starting with building the People & Places Solutions, clearly, the momentum of Jacobs and CH2M and unleashing the strength of that combination has been exciting and has contributed to some of the higher numbers that you're seeing.I think we have been also pleased with the continuation on the advanced facility side in both life sciences and electronics. We keep thinking about whether there's going to be bit of a pullback and the good news is it continued to stay strong all the way through 2019. We actually see ourselves entering 2020 still in a very robust environment on that sector. And so, overall, the People & Places Solutions business is really strong across the board with everything going on with infrastructure globally.I think on the Critical Mission Solutions, we are seeing better-than-expected results on the NASA side of things. We've got our existing contracts, but there's been some pretty good plus ups going on that NASA is aggressively now going after the whole Artemes mission and that cuts across about five different space centers where we participate. So, things have gone well there. The missile defense program that we won a year-and-a-half or so ago, we're actually finding that we're getting some add-on opportunities as a result of the solutions that we're providing now that we're demonstrating in that relationship. So, the existing programs, I think, are going very well and we're winning what we're supposed to win. So, very pleased across both sides of businesses.
Kevin Berryman: Jerry, you also made the comment about the $80 million of EBITDA. It was actually not $80 million in 2020. What we assumed when we quoted that number was understanding if we've received and gotten all synergies in place by that – so our actual numbers that we were targeting as it relates to when we announced the acquisition was closer to $70 million for the 2020 year, not $80 million.
Kevin Berryman: So, we haven't guided [indiscernible] cash flow, but let me make some, Andrew, comments to help give you some incremental perspective and insight as it relates to that. In our numbers for the year 2019, at the end, there was a chunk of cash that openly went out excluding the receipt of the proceeds from ECR, but a lot of the other cash, whether it was restructuring or taxes or whatnot, probably at the end of the day, over $450 million for the full year. So, that's another point that's going to, obviously, start to significantly go away. I would say Q1 is still going to be a fairly large investment profile in the restructuring and efforts to disassociate and separate the businesses as we exit from our TSA arrangement with Worley. So, a big chunk of cash will go out in the first quarter and that will start to tail off in the second quarter. Probably have another $50 million plus of costs mostly in – I would say in the fourth quarter, I would say – our excuse me, our first quarter of 2020. CH2M is effectively dwindling to not much. And then really what we're talking about is the incremental stuff associated with KeyW and Wood, which we've already talked about in terms of what those one-time costs are.So, while there still is a chunk of, let's call it, restructuring related activities, less than 100 probably, but certainly a heck of a lot less than what the numbers that we incorporated in 2019. So, our cash flow as we enter into 2020 and then get to the end of the 2020 is going to become much cleaner and more operationally oriented.If you kind of peel away all of the one-time items that were associated with our significant transformation, and I would say 2019 is the year where all what's happening at the same time, finishing up CH, driving ECR, that fundamentally, if you'd peel way all of that, we were kind of approaching 85% maybe of conversion factor relative to the income levels, the net income levels associated with that after adding back amortization. So, that is a baseline in my mind in terms of how we would think about driving our business going forward from the cash flow.I said to you in the past and I think that's certainly our view is that, our expectation is that, over the course of 2020, we're going to be able to get to that conversion factor that we've talked about at 1 times.
Kevin Berryman: I would say technically yes. But we've adjusted it – risk adjusted it because of lack of clarity as to when it's going to close and when that might be. I think what – maybe I would say that when we ultimately get the final, hopefully, completion of the deal, sometime around the middle of our calendar – excuse me, our fiscal year, we'll give you an update and let you know exactly where we are relative to what the implications of Wood will be relative to that. But I would say technically yes, but it's not really very mature because we've risk adjusted it to some extent because of the unknown in terms of the timing.
Kevin Berryman: So, yes, it was related to a specific project in the People & Places Solutions businesses. So, it was spread over the course of the year. Bulk of it in Q3 and Q4. So, yes, that was in our 2019 results.
Kevin Berryman: No, we believe that it's effectively done. As a matter of fact, the profitability associated with that project was quite good. And, ultimately, I would say even with that $25 million cost, it was almost pretty close to what we expected to be the margin of the project was when we actually won the award a couple of years ago. So, we're actually unhappy to have those adjustments, but, ultimately, the profitability is very consistent with what our original expectations were on the project.
Kevin Berryman: So, thanks, Gautam. Just a couple of quick comments. First thing is that there's a couple of very large ones that probably what happened, not now, but into the second or third quarter of our fiscal year. And so, a big chunk of those will probably get to the finish line half years or beyond. And so, there is that $33 billion of chunk that is, I would say, more in the back half than in the front half of the year. And, of course, as you well know in this business, award is granted and then we all see what happens relative to protests and whatnot. And our policy is that we don't book things until we get clear of those protest situations and that oftentimes results in that kind of happening more later as opposed to earlier as it relates to some of these major initiatives.So, I would say, in general, the expectation is second to third quarter is when we start to see things pop as it relates to the book to bill ratios. But, perhaps, I'll turn it over to Bob if he has any additional commentary he'd like to make.
Kevin Berryman: I'm sorry. Gautam, are you saying what's actually been bid versus in the pipeline and we're going after? How do I interpret your question?We've lost Gautam. So, I would say, just make an additional comment about clarity relative to the backlog, certainly, there's a couple large ones that we're in the midst right now as it relates to some of the activities surrounding Hanford. Those are big bids that are coming to fruition near the end of this quarter and into our second quarter fiscal year. We'll see how those play out. But, certainly, those are expecting to get some adjudication in the next three months, we would hope, notwithstanding potential protests.
Kevin Berryman: This is Kevin, Michael. Look, I think that clearly the timing of our bookings are more oriented around second quarter and beyond. It's clear relative to that. Doesn't mean that the bookings in Q1 will not be okay. It's just that the upside is more second quarter beyond. And depending upon the timing of the adjudication of those opportunities, it certainly could translate into much more of a stronger booking in the third and fourth quarter than in the first half of the year. And I think that clearly indicates that as we would exist 2020 and into 2021 that we're feeling like we're getting up a set up for our performance in 2020 that will continue to be quite positive relative to our ability to execute against our strategy. So, more to be seen and we'll see how that plays out in terms of the timing, but there is this developing view that the second half is going to end up being pretty strong in terms of the bookings and that, obviously, positions us well for 2021.
Kevin Berryman: No, look, I think just a point of clarification, Chad, to make sure one is understanding. The conversion factor that I was talking about was an adjusted cash flow versus our adjusted earnings base. So, excluding some of the restructuring activities, just to make that clear.The number that I said which was approaching 85% wasn't for the quarter. Actually, the quarter numbers were extraordinarily better than one time in terms the conversion factor. It was associated with the full year numbers on the basis that I just described, So, look, I think that those are things that I think give comfort to us collectively [indiscernible] and certainly are an indication to you that we do have the wherewithal to be able to improve the dynamic going on. Of course, clearly, acquisitions could potentially play into that. We could have other matters that come into the mix that we would have to incorporate into our analytics, but certainly from our perspective we feel like we're well positioned on an underlying operating basis to try to get to those numbers that we've been talking to strategically for certainly the last 9 to 12 months.
Kevin Berryman: We don't give guidance specifically by quarter, but I would just make the comment, Chad, that if you take away the $0.09 from our fourth quarter results, go back and look at the normal seasonality that we have Q4 to Q1 because Q1 is our weakest EPS quarter and Q4 is our strongest EPS quarter. So, just be thoughtful as it relates to comparing strong to the weakest, and that has an implication relative to the underling EPS and profitability associated with Q4 to Q1. And I will leave it there. So, just make sure you guys are thoughtful as [indiscernible] it relates to that process.
