John W. Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and good morning, everyone. I will just go briefly through the financial highlights and cover a couple of points that were in the press release, and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to go through our growth strategies and business overview and outlook for the quarter.  If you go to Slide 4, these are the information. Most of this was contained in the press release. As reported, we did have EPS for the quarter of $0.65 on net earnings of $83.9 million. These earnings were lower than expected and a little disappointing to us. Kind of the lower results were driven by really 3 items, 2 affecting margins, one on the G&A. The -- we had a lower field service activity for the quarter. That continues to wind down. But it was also exacerbated by the fact that we also had a number of deferrals of some turnaround activity that had been impacted in the second quarter but now have been postponed out and probably won't be initiated until fiscal 2013.  Also, we found that because of the continued competitive market, that the work flowing in this quarter has a slightly lower overall multiplier rate in margin rate, and so our operating margin was down from prior quarter both on the professional services side and the field services side. And with the mix, it was also down. So those 2 things contributed to the lower-than-expected margin.  And also, G&As were higher. While we usually will have a slightly higher G&A in the second quarter just because the first quarter tends to have a lot of holidays and such, we found that in -- the second quarter was driven also by just a lot of activity in hiring and delays in getting those people that we hired actually on to projects and billables. So most of the overrun in the G&As that we experienced were related to that, to labor and utilization and getting them utilized, which we think is a temporary activity. And as those people get onto jobs and such, we should be able to get our G&As more in line with expectations over the balance of the year.  Backlog was a very good reported increase year-over-year. We are up almost 8%. And quarter-over-quarter in total, we're up a little over 4%. Book-to-bill continues strong, 1.1 for the trailing 12.  As you'll see when we file our Q probably later today or tomorrow, we will -- we saw the strong balance sheet. Net cash position is still strong at $380 million. And we did revise our guidance and lowered the top end of the range, so our guidance now is $2.80 to $3. We had previously had guidance out there of $2.80 to $3.20. So with the lower results for this quarter, we did adjust the top end of the range.  Moving on to Slide 5, earnings history. Just point out that while we talk about long-term 15% average annual growth rate, we still are delivering that as we've gone through the recession and the downturn. And we still believe that that's a good goal and something that we expect to be able to meet going forward.  On Slide 6, just talk about backlog a little bit more. The professional services backlog had very good growth. And as we've said in the past, that's really the leading indicator for our business. So as -- if you look at that year-over-year, it's almost a 14% growth in professional services, while the overall...  [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulty]
John W. Prosser: Well, there's a -- and this was a little bit of an aberration, as Craig alluded to. I think with what we're seeing in the sales prospects, certainly what we're bringing into backlog in the process side of the business is at or above kind of the level we've been working up. So I would expect that -- well, there's not going to be any big, dramatic shift that we will see margins' percentages moving up through the end of the year and into '13. But as the -- again, as the field services start picking up, then that's going to have a dampening effect on the overall margins but it will be -- probably show a little faster growth on the revenue side. So overall dollar margins will continue to grow.
John W. Prosser: Yes, it's heavily weighted to that because as you may recall, when we did the acquisition of ZATE a few years ago, it was -- we didn't buy 100%. I believe we bought 70%. And so the increase of the minority interest points to the fact that our Middle Eastern business -- and that's not the only item that's in the minority interest, but it's a big part of it, is growing. And so the part that goes to the minority interest grows. So I guess having that grow is an indicator that, that part of our business is growing. So I guess that's good news.
John W. Prosser: And Mike, you have to remember that in our traditional public sector markets, we have grown outside the U.S. So we're not as U.S.-centric as we were maybe 5 years ago. As we've moved into more activity in U.K. and now in India, even in the Middle East, things like buildings and infrastructure opportunities are there. And as Craig mentioned on the adjacencies, particularly in some of the upstream activities and particularly in the mining and minerals activities, those projects involve a lot of infrastructure kinds of activities that we can bring from our traditional public sector infrastructure business into the roads and rail and other kinds of activities that go around the major mining project or major upstream piping development.
John W. Prosser: And from a balance sheet standpoint and resource standpoint, we do have confidence that we have the resources needed. And -- but I -- we just announced that we did close a new credit line facility just before the end of the quarter, which gives us ample resources committed to do the kinds of acquisitions that we certainly have focused on.
John W. Prosser: And you might also remember in a couple of the markets we're in, take the oil sands, for instance, many of these are done as programs that are multiphased. So you'll hear the market talking about $2 billion this or $5 billion that, but really, what that is, is a number of phases over a particular, say, in the -- up in the oil sands over a particular deposit that is going to be exploited over a series of activities in the SAGD. Same kind of thing with some of the mining and minerals. There are some very large programs, but they're multiphase. And just as Craig mentioned, there's -- some of them may take 4 or 5 years or longer just to get to the ore because of the -- what you have do with the infrastructure to get there and then the thinking -- the overburden and all the other things that go along with it. So -- and each of those are done in different phases and different kinds of activities. So while it might be a $7 billion or $8 billion program, the pieces are let out in more manageable increments that fit more likely into our size range.
John W. Prosser: It's a number of factors. But part of it is the mix shift because traditionally, on professional services, we go back to the monthly billings, 30-day terms. And so by the time you collect the money, you get to -- you're in 60 to 70 days. The -- when you're having a heavier activity on the field side, those tend to pay much quicker, and you do more either 0 funding or advanced funding or more favorable payment terms. So as we see in the mix shift, we've seen a little bit of a shift in the receivable makeup and such like that. Nothing that has any problems with it, it's just kind of a mix shift that goes along with some of the other stuff. But I think as we get back into the -- a more normal field services cycle and a more likely mix, so maybe move back more to the 50-50 or even more, you'll see the receivables coming down and -- because we'll get more favorable funding terms and then -- and more paid when paid because we'll have to pass through costs and things like that. So I think it's just a shift that's taking place with the market shift in our revenues, and I'm not really concerned about it. Although I do believe we should be able to collect our receivables faster, and that's something we always will be focusing on, but it's -- part of this shift has just been the business shift.
John W. Prosser: And that's part of it. It's still part -- a small part of our business. But that's probably added a little bit just because they tend to take a little longer, and particularly when you're ramping up because there's a lot of process that you have to put in place on projects. And -- for example, GES plus, while I -- we've talked a lot and there's a lot of good things there, there's a lot of -- because it's a new program, it -- there's a lot of new requirements that even the client wasn't really sure about how the invoicing and billing should take place. So it just takes a little while to get that system working. Once you get it working, then it becomes more steady state.
John W. Prosser: I think that we've been saying that we've been at the bottom for a while, and I think it's just we're still rocking along in there. And we -- so it doesn't take much to change the needle a little bit. And as Craig said in March, we just -- the mix got us and a few other things that came in impacted the margins negatively. But I think the -- with the pricing we see coming in and all of the longer-term prospects certainly show that it's going to be improving.
John W. Prosser: Well, the utilization rates -- back in '07 and '08, we were still working an awful lot of overtime. And we're starting to work some overtime now, but that's still not nearly at the rate universally as we were back then. Some locations like up in Canada and places where we're extremely busy, the rates are a little bit higher. But there's still markets today that are softer than they were back in '08, and we're still at the beginning of the recovery even in some of our process markets. Like in the refining and such, it's improving, but it's nowhere near the rates that they were back in '08. So -- and certainly the markups and the multipliers aren't anywhere near where they were back then either. So I think that -- I think we'll -- I guess what we're looking at in the second half is a continued improvement in utilization and continued growth in hours because we will continue to hire. And that will feed the -- and if you talk about the midpoint, that's what it's going to take to feed the midpoint of the range.
John W. Prosser: We're in a continuing hiring process, and we expect to continue to hire as we go forward. It's not a case of we've gotten so far ahead or anything that we're going to stop. The outlook for growth, the outlook in a number of the markets is that we will continue to need to hire to feed that growth.
John W. Prosser: We're not going to break it down this much was this, this, because there's a whole factor of things. And I think, Craig, you said earlier that it was about equally split between the G&As and the field services and the margins. But I think that just looking at our guidance and just taking the midpoint, we feel comfortable that the second half is going to improve from this, and this is -- the impact is pretty much the underrun we saw this quarter plus a little bit.
John W. Prosser: No, it's just -- it was 2 things. It was the deferral of these big turnarounds, sort of turnaround activity, and the fact that the field services activity is just coming down.
Jamie L. Cook: I guess 2 questions. Just I'm trying to understand. When we think about the miss in the second quarter, what's specific to the second quarter versus what impacts, sort of, your future outlook? So one, John, when you think about -- how large was the SG&A impact related to increased hiring, et cetera? And how do we think about SG&A going forward? And then my second question is on the margins in field services and technical professional services. What markets were where the margin’s lower specifically? And then it's confusing because at the same time, Craig, you made a comment during your remarks that you see -- it sounded like you thought margins would be getting better. So I'm just trying to dovetail -- just trying to understand the 2, if that makes any sense.
Jamie L. Cook: Yes. And then with regards to the second quarter, which -- where were the deferrals? And how big were the deferrals? And then the last question, I guess I'm still surprised the margin surprised you in the quarter. Let's take the as-sold margins out of this. I guess I'm surprised it surprised you because Jacobs doesn't get surprised. I'm trying to figure out what you were assuming relative to what actually came in. And then sorry, the last question on the SG&A, if you could just quantify and when those people are expected to be allocated to other projects.
Jamie L. Cook: Okay, so it sounds more like an execution issue somewhat? I mean, I don't want to make a big deal out of this but it does more…
Jamie L. Cook: But to be clear, it sounds more Jacobs-specific versus market-related, which makes sense relative to the guide in the back half. That’s perfect.
Craig L. Martin: Well, let me address the last part of your question first. What we see as we look out is that margins in the as-sold category are starting to firm up. Now that takes a while to work its way through backlog, so the weakness that we saw in the second quarter isn't inconsistent with what I think we're seeing going forward. But it takes a little time for those margins as we sell them to work their way into backlog and the weaker margins from sales in earlier periods to work their way out. So that's really why I'm expressing a little optimism looking forward, and you're not yet seeing it in the numbers.
Craig L. Martin: Okay, well, in terms of the factors that drove the quarter negatively, they're all about equal contributors, give or take. And looking forward, the weakness in margins that was specific to the month of March, I don't expect most of that to recur. So that was -- those were onetime events that we didn't anticipate.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I don't want to make a big deal out of it either. There certainly were a couple of execution issues in there. There were also some issues with federal rates and making adjustments to those rates. I mean, there -- a whole bunch of little things added up to the miss in March.
Craig L. Martin: Not at this point in time. There has not been any of that. And I have to tell you, my conversations with our mining and minerals customers are very much them taking a long view. Some of these projects and programs take 10 years to fully develop. And they're just -- they're not swinging their decisions around short-term kind of issues. We have at least one major mining project that it won't -- it'll take 10 years to produce its first piece of ore. So when you have those kinds of investment horizons, the kinds of things that we're hearing about from the regulatory environment or otherwise are issues. I don't want to say they're not, but they're not -- they're certainly not negatively impacting investment decisions that we're seeing.
Craig L. Martin: Well, sure. Let me talk first about GOCOs. We're seeing a number of interesting GOCO opportunities in the U.K., and these are fairly significant projects. In some ways, they're a little bit of the big-event kinds of projects that I talk about us not focusing on, but they're nice when they come along. And we've got -- we see several of those in the U.K., see a couple of those in the U.S. And we find that we're uniquely well positioned because of some of the work we're doing with the government today in terms of GOCO-type operations in the test and evaluation world and in the nuclear materials world, in terms of the weapons complex in the U.K. I think those things are helping us position for some major GOCOs that we might not have otherwise looked at. So that's a chunk of what's driving that whole area. But I think the -- as you know, we're much more focused on getting market share day by day. And I think the more interesting part is this whole business of breaking up what had historically been big, single-award contracts into multiple award task order contracts. That's letting us penetrate a lot more locations, and we're finding ourselves able to take share almost everywhere we're successful in getting in. So the net effect of that, I think, will be a continuing growth in our national governments business for sure, probably not double-digit kind of growth but certainly growth.
Craig L. Martin: I would, but I don't yet know what their thinking is going to be. That's why I phrased it as a question. It's an area that we're going to have to explore. I'll be talking to some of those customers over the next couple of weeks. At this point in time, I don't know what -- to what extent it's just an Argentina-specific issue in the minds of our customers and therefore, frankly, not a big deal, or whether it's going to have broader implications for our customers as they think about investments, joint ventures, that sort of thing. Just too early to tell in that regard. Certainly, we had a prospect there that we are probably not going to see come to fruition, and that was a disappointment for us as a company. But I don't think -- it certainly doesn't swing the needle for us as a business.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, no -- it will have no impact on our 2012. It just has an impact on our outlook for the South American market in the refining and chemicals world.
Craig L. Martin: Well, yes, I think you've got to look forward versus a specific conversation. When we talk about margins in March being below expectations, those are unit margins. And certainly, that's -- that gets right to John's comment about multipliers. When we talk about looking forward in terms of what the market doing, we're seeing opportunities that push the multiplier up little by little. We're not talking about major improvements, we're talking to our sales team about getting an extra $1 an hour.
Craig L. Martin: Well, it's kind of a mixed bag. Some of what you said is accurate. What we're seeing is customers are being more disciplined about their processes. So for the most part, not everywhere, but for the most part, we're going through a very disciplined front end, we're developing detailed design pretty thoroughly and completely before the release of construction. And that's part of why although construction and maintenance volumes are expected to improve bit by bit, that's why I see that fourth quarter of '12, first quarter of '13 as being the sort of an inflection point in terms of what's going on. So if you look now backward, you pointed out that the revenues have been kind of flat. But what's been happening, by and large, is that the mix of TPS and field services has been moving toward TPS, technical professional services. And that's kind of what's kept the revenue line flat as you look back. And I don't expect that to change significantly for a couple more quarters. And then I think you'll start to see the -- and what you'll see first is the field service backlog move up, and then you'll start to see the revenue line move up.
Craig L. Martin: No, it stayed on target. I think we're in that -- well, since I talked about it a quarter ago, I think we're in the 1 or 2 quarters kind of time frame now for some of these big jobs to start rolling in.
Craig L. Martin: And we can have a quarter where a big project doesn't come in and misses the quarter by a week or 2 or a month. And so the backlog doesn't look great for that quarter. But our -- as we look out in terms of our prospects for backlog growth, we see steady, again setting aside the lumpiness, steady growth in backlog out quite a ways.
Craig L. Martin: Well, it -- the impact of those turnarounds is pretty significant. They tend to be very concentrated, short-term efforts, a month, 6 weeks of very high volumes of craft employees. So they have a significant impact on the quarter in which they occur, part of why we had the problems we hit this quarter when they didn't happen. And I think we'll have -- we'll see a similar sort of impact the other way when they do happen. But I do think they're an FY '13 opportunity at this point. There'll be some minor turnarounds between now and then. But the big ones put off are basically here.
Craig L. Martin: Customers were making so much money running these facilities that they can't afford to shut it. They don't want to spend the money to shut them down or lose the money by shutting them down. Remember, this will take a refinery or an oil sands project down for 6 to 8 weeks. And if you're producing 100,000 barrels a day, let's say, of crude at, pick a number, $80, right, you're talking about a very, very significant cost. So they're trying to -- they basically have tried to push these turnarounds out absolutely as far as they can go and still have a safe, operable facility. The good news about the turnaround business is sooner or later, they absolutely have to do the turnaround, and they can't push it year-on-year and year-on-year.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, let's -- let me just work through this. I think core growth, the organic growth, will continue to be a contributor to profit growth at the bottom line. We certainly see acquisition activity as very good. There are a lot of really nice potential acquisitions out there that would be very complementary, very additive to Jacobs. So I believe that will be an ongoing contributor. The SG&A leverage, I believe -- I really believe that the problems we had in the second quarter are just that, second quarter problems, and that we'll be able to put those behind us and continue to do a really good job of leveraging our growth in terms of economies of scale. Pricing, I think I've said that I think pricing is going to improve going forward. And mix, if you talk about it in terms of the absolute dollars, I think the mix is a big positive for us. I think if you’re looking at percentage profitability, particularly the construction and maintenance growth that we're seeing will probably take those percentages down.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I think the public sector is going to be a very difficult market. I think there are going to be some significant winners and losers because I think it's going to be a share game. And really good companies with really good cost postures will gain share, and there'll be some big losers on the other side. Frankly, probably small business is going to get hurt the worst when we talk about the public sector side of the business. Now there may be some political moves to try to fix that, but it's a very difficult problem to fix.
Craig L. Martin: Let me try to respond to that. We are constantly working with potential acquisitions. And at any given moment in time, there are always 2 or 3 or 4 that we're pretty excited about. But as you -- I think we've said many times on this call, these deals are pretty opportunistic. There are deals out there I would like to think would close in the next 6 months, but there's a long way between here and there and lots that could happen in the meantime. So it's dangerous to predict that they will or they won't. But it is a good, robust market. It's robust in both growing market areas where people are trying to capitalize on the strength of the market and in places where the performance is weakening and people are starting to maybe panic a little bit and are anxious to sell. And we're certainly going to be in a position to take advantage of either one of those.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I guess this is now practicing forecasting in an area where we don't have any qualifications to forecast, so just opinion. My opinion is that our government will kick that whole issue down the road and won't come to grips with the deficit or the spending reductions and that we won't see what – the sort of dreary outlook that's out there that -- based on what's supposed to happen. Put it that way. On the contingency side, the U.S. business is one that's pretty easy for us to manage in that regard. If the work goes away, so do the people. I mean, it's an ugly thing to say, but that's really the consequence of what happens. We are aggressively, as I think I pointed out earlier, recruiting in places like Asia, Australia, India, Middle East, South America, and our -- I think our growth opportunities there are enormous. So I believe that we will be able to offset any further reduction in our business as a result of whatever the government decides to do at the end of the fiscal year. But like I say, I think the most likely case is that they'll just punt the whole problem down the road.
Craig L. Martin: Well, we continue to treat the -- with all current crisis [ph] small and medium-sized projects as our top priority. What constitutes small and medium size is probably bigger than it was 10 years ago. It is bigger than it was 10 years ago. But we're also so well positioned that we're going to see the big work come in. When I talk about big work, I'm talking about north of $1 billion. The big work come in as well. We really don't expect, and none of the discussion we've had today is based on Motiva scale kinds of projects for Jacobs. So I'm not considering the $5 billion this or the $10 billion that as a part of my forecast going forward. So it is biased still toward smaller, but the top side of smaller is pretty big.
Craig L. Martin: Well, we can have a long talk about whether you'll make a ton of money on large projects or not. But I -- in fact, just to go specifically to the mining and minerals business, one of the great opportunities that we see is in the small-cap side, the sustaining capital side of the mining and minerals business, which is not well served today. And so while we get excited about big-event mines just like everybody does, I suppose, and particularly because they're very long-duration assignments because for us, they tend to be that program that John was talking about, there's also a huge amount of opportunity in sustaining capital that's not being done well today.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I would characterize the work that these customers were talking about largely not speculative. It's got ROIs or ROEs that are well above the customer thresholds, and these projects are highly likely to go. And that's true, frankly, of a lot of the work that's in backlog as well. I -- we're not -- one of the things we track pretty carefully is cancellations and deferrals, and we're not seeing a lot of that kind of activity.
Craig L. Martin: Well, it remains very high. We have the largest engineering operation in India today and we -- back office, there’s substantial amount of work there. There's really not any significant limit on our ability to do that other than customer preferences, which is usually the biggest challenge. So -- and we're developing other potential locations for back office engineering as well, but it looks like the Indian operation’s got years' worth of legs left.
Craig L. Martin: We actually don't approach the back office work that way. The back office work's structured to maintain aggregate margins that are equal to the margins we get in the local geographies.
Craig L. Martin: I think the answer to that would probably be yes. I'd have to probably look at the question the way you look at the numbers, but I believe that we're going to be able to continue to grow the business relative to growing the G&A in a positive direction.
Craig L. Martin: The GES plus model, and specifically what Jacobs did with Jacobs ZATE, is a pretty positive topic in the leadership in the kingdom. And whether they simply expand the scope of GES to other parts of the investment community, the kingdom's investments, or whether they issue new GES plus-type solicitations and award separate GES contracts, isn't real clear. It could go either way based on what we see right now. We're certainly lobbying to expand GES plus rather than go through another solicitation. But either way, the model is one that has found a lot of favor in the kingdom, and we expect that we'll be able to leverage that into additional relationships either through the expansion of GES plus or through GES plus-type contracts with other customers.
Craig L. Martin: I would say that the 2 probably strongest places for that leverage right now are Canada and the Middle East, because it's driven not only by the cost leverage but also by the availability of resources. And the U.S. would probably be next on that list. So those would be my top 3.
Craig L. Martin: Well, yes. There certainly -- it's much easier to leverage India in resource-constrained markets than in markets that are not. So to the extent there's lots of resources in the local community, the customers are more reluctant to take advantage of the leverage that something like India provides.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I think that's probably right. I think that the TPS business today -- we used to say the net margins for the 2 were equal, TPS versus field services. Today, I think that TPS margins are slightly higher at the net margin level. And so I think as you -- as the mix changes, because we have a stronger TPS blend and because margins are slightly higher on a blended basis in TPS today than they were 10 years ago, I think you'll see the trough be slightly higher.
Craig L. Martin: Billable hours, we don't put a lot of energy in measuring billable hours in backlog. So backlog's trending nicely for us and in line with our expectations. That probably means that billable hours in backlog are also trending along with our expectations. In terms of actual billable hours and what we forecast, this is a little bit in tentative backlog, the trends in billable hours remain positive. We're -- basically, we're continuing to hire every week.
Craig L. Martin: Well, it's always very specific to who does the acquiring and who gets acquired. But our history is that after a period of rationalization, those acquisitions are generally good for us because of our position in the industry. And that's proven to be true whether it's in the refining business or the pharmaceutical business. But there is some pain associated with that period where rationalization goes on.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I want to thank you all for your participation in the call. We're -- clearly, we're disappointed and embarrassed by the second quarter results, but I think our outlook remains quite positive. We see the business as improving, and we think it will continue to do so this year and beyond. So we look -- we really look forward to proving that to you. Thank you all.
John Rogers: Craig, just a little bit of follow-up. Relative to the – I don’t know whether you called the surge or the pickup in bookings that you see for the construction segment coming later this year or in '13, I mean, or the -- as you look at this cycle hopefully developing, is it a -- is it large projects? Is it a lot of small work? And I'm -- because I'm -- because I always worry about deferrals and just timing of some of this.
John Rogers: Okay. And even as you've expanded into a broader number of markets, I mean, the mining and some of the other areas, and based on the experience of Motiva, I mean, maybe it was -- you realize that you can make a ton of money just going after large projects. I just...
John Rogers: Okay, okay. And I'm sorry. Just to follow up on the sort of first thing, it's -- relative to the timing of this work, I mean, Craig, you talked about being out and visiting a lot of clients, I mean, are these -- this work that you're seeing coming, I mean, this is work that's in budgets. It looks like it's going forward and it's not -- I'm just trying to separate it from what -- your experience with the turnarounds this quarter.
