Bob Pragada: Thank you, Claudia. Turning to slide 16. As we discussed throughout our remarks, we remain committed to accelerating robust growth opportunities ahead for all businesses. Given today's global macro uncertainty, that strength is more relevant than ever as we plan for the future as two independent companies. It's crucial to emphasize that the underlying fundamentals of our business have never been stronger. Turning to fiscal year ‘24 outlook. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $1.53 billion to $1.6 billion with an adjusted EPS of $7.70 to $8.20, representing a 9% and 10% and growth at the midpoint, respectively. This outlook incorporates the full-year contributions of the businesses to be separate. We expect a fiscal year ‘24 effective tax rate of 22%. As Claudia previously mentioned, we will carry temporarily elevated overhead costs needed to support CMS during the separation, including IT and corporate support. This, coupled with a historical seasonality, will have an approximately 10% negative effect year-over-year on adjusted EPS in Q1. We believe these costs are necessary to continue to support our clients as we progress through this transition period. This temporary cost is non-recurring and shall not be viewed as a reflection of a stand-alone company earnings power. We are well positioned to accelerate profitable growth in the years to come as we seek to compound per share value for our shareholders. We continue to be energized and excited about the future for Jacobs and CMS, and remain confident in our plan for long-term value creation. Operator, we will now turn the call over for questions.
Bob Pragada: Yes. What we laid out over a year ago, Jerry, continues. With regards to the P&PS margin expectations in that strategic time period, that hasn't changed.
Bob Pragada: Chad, if you were to take it in two buckets, Chad -- if you're taking two buckets, half is coming from the operating model of a cost structure that's more in line with the type of business that we will have and half is coming from margin expansion and margin mix. It's a higher margin, higher growth business. So think about it simplistically that way.
Bob Pragada: Yes. I don't actually think, Chad, it's a weakness. Actually, I think it's really strong in our P&PS business right now. It's really on project life cycle. We measure that revenue growth based on where we are in the project life cycle, right? And so when we're deep into whether it be advanced facilities jobs or large infrastructure programs, we're going to be burning and booking and burning a lot higher revenue kind of models. But as our business continues to profile more into a consultancy world, we're executing higher value services over the project and program life cycle. So you'll have lower revenue, higher margin opportunities come into backlog, and it just depends on when that program life cycle is. So we've talked about it before, which one is accelerating at a faster rate. I'd kind of tie that to where are we in the cycle of some of the spends.
Bob Pragada: Sure, sure. The other verticals, I mentioned of our top 30 wins, nine are in water. If you take water and advanced facilities, it's -- half of the top 31s were in both of those sectors, six big advanced facilities markets, too. So we continue to see strong activity within the advanced facilities world, probably driven more so now as we bottomed out from an end market standpoint as far as sales goes within the semiconductor industry. Keep in mind, our clients continue to spend through there. But now with the GLP-1 drugs going on in life sciences and all the strength that we see with our clients we've had for years, advanced facilities is going to continue to be strong. And then the others, I'd highlight is energy transition. I highlighted a specific job, but the whole grid modernization of everything that we're seeing, and we're kind of in that consultancy component of that, and that's a strong piece, which is a segue to the second part. I would say that, that continued profile of our portfolio within now, call it, independent Jacobs, is we're kind of in the early innings of that. And so it's going to be a balance. But I'd say over the course of the next two or three, four years, it's going to drive that margin expansion even beyond what Claudia talked about post '25 with a cash conversion component to that that's very high.
Bob Pragada: So Andy just to clarify. So the EBITDA guidance that I gave at the end we're carrying it in that guidance.
Bob Pragada: Yes. I think on the backlog piece of the question, Andy, my answer is yes, I think that mid- to high single-digit growth will continue. Remember, we've got a really nice diversity within P&PS. So if we think about some of the political risk or what's happening with interest rates, which might be affecting some of our private sector clients, there's not a full immunity, but our private sector clients continue to spend just because of the -- whether they be technology-based or global supply chain based, I say technology-based science-based drivers or supply chain drivers that has continued, and that's really been driving the performance. As far as IIJA or a larger infrastructure around energy transition outside the U.S., we have not seen that effect. In fact, our pipeline continues to grow at mid to high-single-digit percentages, and this is on a base that's very high.
Bob Pragada: Yes. So the first part of the question, Bert, my answer is yes. I think on advanced facilities, I would say the underlying growth is strong. A lot of these larger programs, whether they be in the semiconductor space or in the life sciences space, are -- there are several, in fact, from an account standpoint, it's probably the highest that it's been. It continues to stay at a very high level. We're seeing now kind of the next wave of -- I mentioned GLP-1, but also other novel therapies run, oncology and some of the neuroscience projects that we're seeing. So the numbers will stay -- as far as numbers of opportunities will stay high. Where they are in the project life cycle will kind of balance -- imagine there's two curves. One is kind of coming down as far as the way that we saw. The others coming up, which kind of leads to a 12 to 13 -- I'm sorry, 12 to 18 month kind of reset there. Gather everything that I just said, your numbers work.
Bob Pragada: I don't know if it will get to that level. But I think it will be robust. And I think Claudia mentioned it, our European business, despite these macro headwinds that it faced has done well. And so I think water transportation, energy transition that's driving the U.S., probably more pronounced around energy transition in Europe. Middle East is across all of our sectors -- P&PS sectors in the Middle East. And then in Southeast Asia and Australia and New Zealand, those have remained strong. Our business in APAC this year grew at significant double digits. And so a smaller base in the rest of the world. So I'd say all in all, the geographic diversity that we have in our business really, really is strong and helps us.
Bob Pragada: Yes. No, Gautam, it's a great question because it's where we're playing within the client business. I mean we're talking about a level of scientific and technical offering that is at the highest part of the business of our clients' business. And so whether it be in our pure-play PA Consulting work or in our science-based technical offering in the infrastructure and advanced facility space, that garners a higher level commercial model, part one. Part two is around the digital enablement, right? We're actually offering outcome-based solutions rather than the historical, I'm going to get margin from a commercial model that's either fixed or reimbursable and trade on a productivity gain. We're able to get those types of margins with -- we'll get them in a reimbursable scenario or we'll get them in a fixed-price services scenario just because of the level of impact that we're having in our clients' business.
Bob Pragada: Yes, it has. It has in the PFAS work, to segregate it out as an end market, we haven't. Where we're seeing the PFAS gain is in our water center. These wins that I'm referencing as well as some of the larger framework agreements that we have for water clients, whether they be federal, state or local around the world, that comes into play. We're actually making PFAS type of consultancy arrangements around that, too. The real PFAS for PFAS sake across the industry comes when you get type of super fund type of application in these containments being highlighted on public dockets. So we're -- we see growth, but I would look at that growth probably from a perspective of how it affects our end market sectors. And then when you get kind of in the 25%, 26%, 27% range and you start to get some compliance related items that are even further driving those end market sectors it gets bigger.
Bob Pragada: Yes. And just to add one more thing, Sabahat, on the kind of the -- what we need. We don't -- we feel really strongly that our portfolio in the end markets that we're in is strong. Claudia talked about our two biggest enablers. I'll add a third, which is our consultancy enablement as well. But it's not like we need to go search for new geographies or buy skill sets in an end market sector. It's really the expansion through the digital and consultancy-based enablement, coupled with access to global talent, which -- I'll be in high agreements that we're one of the best in how we deliver on that.
Bob Pragada: Yes. I think that that's going to be tied to this enablement component. It's not -- this is honed in because it's kind of a different -- probably a different answer for different components of that infrastructure in advanced facility space, but this is honed in on infrastructure. Our clients are capped with how much they can spend for the infrastructure needs. So what we do is we come in with an offering where we're gaining margin with the enablement of outcomes-based solutions. So there's a price component that -- but with a higher margin what we're driving with our digital enablement. So we see that driving to the bottom line as we do all the things that Claudia talked about is creating a more simplified and streamlined organization.
Bob Pragada: Yes. Thank you, everyone. We're excited about the future, and we look forward to providing more updates as we progress our exciting plan forward. Thank you, everyone.
Claudia Jaramillo: Hi, Jerry, so I would like to -- you have some of the details on this slide. And so let me just go over the details of this slide. So you have first a component of the stranded cost. So that one will happen after the separation. So that's roughly $50 million that you see there. So then you have one that we started to taking action, which is really the operating model, and that will obviously accelerate after the separation, but we've already taken action on that. So you'll see some of that over time in ‘24 and accelerated after the separation. And then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, you have the overhead or the unallocated corporate that we normally see -- you normally see it as a separate line. And I talked about the $60 million down to $50 million. We will carry some temporary costs to support CMS as we prepare it for the independent company or the combined company. And that one as well, you'll accelerate in 2025. So in summary, you'll see a little bit in '24 accelerating after the separation. If I want to give you the nature of what is that, is really the -- a lot of the support is IT, the support layers and just in general, a simpler management structure and support.
Claudia Jaramillo: So Chad, the 13.8% is the stand-alone Jacobs, so it excludes CMS and Cyber & Intelligence. And then the nature of those costs is the three buckets that I mentioned before, which are really corporate unlocated going from the $60 million run rate to $50 million run rate post separation, and then the operating model, which is $50 million in total run rate and then full elimination of stranded costs up to the separation.
Claudia Jaramillo: Yes. So Andy, so let's start with the first one, which is the big one and explains roughly half of the gap is the tax piece. And I had -- I included some of them in my remarks. So if I take, it's $0.06, so it's more the -- when you have a one-off allowance, and this is something that happens with your deferred tax. And -- so then the next one is going to be basically overhead costs or unallocated is one, we call it corporate unallocated. That's the other big piece. And then the share count, and I mentioned why we could do stock repurchases in the fourth quarter given -- based on the transaction. So that's at a high level what that means. Then I added some of the commentary that is on the temporary cost that we're carrying as we prepare CMS and the Cyber & Intelligence unit to operate independently. So that's the other piece of the puzzle, if you want.
Claudia Jaramillo: Absolutely. And that's what Bob mentioned that towards the end, that's really our earnings power should exclude that -- those temporary costs. We're very client-centric. It's our clients' mission, and we want to make sure we have quite a bit of value tied to this transaction and the upside that we included in this additional value that we're going to get in the transaction and the new entity. We won the two entities to be very successful. It's temporary. And is to make sure we're preparing to have a very leader that we want and that we continue to be.
Claudia Jaramillo: Yes. So all our decisions are guided by a few principles. The first one is maintaining an investment-grade rating. Very important for us to maintain the strategic flexibility that we want. So those decisions are guided by our conversations with the rating agencies, especially with this transaction. And the other one is our commitment to return cash to our shareholders. So as we go to the transaction, I think one of the elements is also the element of distribution to our shareholders, and that's one of the reasons I highlighted so much we returned this quarter -- this year, and that is an important guiding principle for us is on a risk-adjusted basis to make the best decisions for our shareholders. And so I think that's an important element in the equation.
Claudia Jaramillo: Yes. So I'd say this is something that we do -- we're doing currently, and we do all the time. So I would say two big levers are the -- our global delivery platform is one, very important, and we have one of the best platforms, if not the best, and it's been for several years. That's the first one. The other one is the digital enablement. And you see at some of the projects that we highlighted today are you see a clear differentiation that we have compared to our competitors, where we -- the digital enablement and the outcome based that Bob mentioned before, drives those more profitable projects.
Claudia Jaramillo: So Andy, this is very closely linked to the execution of the separation. So there will be more towards the end, you will have more because of elimination of -- we talked about the stranded costs and the advisers and all that, but very much throughout if you're going to see it because of the advisory fees and all that I mentioned before. So that's just aligned with the time line of the separation.
Claudia Jaramillo: No, I think we talked about -- well, there is a seasonality of the business. So yes, I'd say yes to that one. And then the ones that I mentioned of the $40 million, just at a high level, the cost that we're carrying to support the separation of CMS. So it's really linked to the transaction or the preparing CMS to operate in the new environment. So those, I would say -- that one amplifies the impact. But I didn't say it would be higher on the $60 million is more what we carry in extra throughout or across the company to support CMS. CMS and Cyber & Intelligence.
