Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Austin, and good morning and afternoon to all. We welcome everyone to Jacobs' 2016 second quarter earnings call. I will be joined on the call today by Steve Demetriou, our President and CEO. I must say I love that hold music that was there as we enter into our call. We'll be a little bit more upbeat perhaps than the music that you are hearing. Okay, as you know, turning to slide two, our earnings announcement and Form 10-Q were released this morning, and we will be posting a copy of the slide presentation to our website, which we will reference in our prepared remarks. Before starting, I would like to refer you to our forward-looking statement. Any statements that we made today that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on our current estimates and expectations and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. And you should not place undue reliance on such statements, as actual results may differ materially. There are variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that cause Jacobs' actual results to differ materially from what may be contained, projected, or implied by our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, see our most recent earnings release and quarterly report on Form 10-Q as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 2, 2015, including: Item 1, Business; Item 1A, Risk Factors; Item 3, Legal Proceedings; and Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; as well as other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. So please now turn to slide three for a quick review of the agenda for today's call. Steve will begin with some comments on our Beyond Zero safety culture here at Jacobs, followed by a summary of our second quarter financial results. He will include summary comments on the portfolio of our four lines of business, or LOBs, and also provide some commentary on end market conditions for each. I will then provide a more in-depth discussion on our financial metrics, backlog, and financials for our new lines of business segment reporting. I will continue with comments on our current restructuring efforts and capital allocation. Steve will then discuss some next steps for the company, focusing on our project delivery initiative, strategic review, and some closing comments. We will then open it up for some questions. With that, I will pass it now over to Steve Demetriou, our President and CEO.
Kevin C. Berryman: No, I think I'm good. Let me take a stab and we can go forward and see if there's any additional clarity. Look, the dynamic of the restructuring, certainly there was phase one that we did before we initiated our realignment into the LOB structure. And so as the LOB structure came into play, and as you recall, this was announced in our first quarter I believe officially and formally in the first quarter of this year, and the teams have been forming and ultimately coming up with an idea of what the new structure looks like to help support their growth agendas. And so that has been a big driver to incremental benefits associated with the restructuring as you now see it. Specifically, as it relates to what's in the forecast for 2016, the reality is if you look at where we are right now in terms of our total costs to date, I think we're somewhere in the neighborhood of – in the middle $250 million figure numbers roughly. And so given that we've still got close to $100 million to go, that means that as we're executing now, the benefits of that really won't happen in a material way on a full annualized basis until we enter into fiscal year 2017. So certainly some of it is occurring this year. It certainly is helping as it relates to our ability to perform against our original expectations. And I would say that our guidance that Steve has provided is prudent as it relates to the current economic uncertainties that we're facing.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thanks for the question. We don't really have a lot of significant cash items in the quarter per se. We did mention some things that occurred relative to some of the discrete or one-time items that we called out, but those weren't drivers of big differences in cash. I think ultimately, there are a couple of things I should call out. One, probably our Q1 cash flow was a little bit less than we would have expected. So Q2 is helping put us back on track and then some, so that is one comment I would make. But the other comment is we are focusing the organization on trying to improve our return profile, especially as it relates to our accounts receivable within the construct of the LOBs, and we're attempting to drive efficiencies into our total working capital at the corporate level as well. You've heard me say that I think we have opportunities to improve. I believe that that can continue to play out over the next years. It's pick-and-shovel work. You've also heard me say that. And I think ultimately, this is the first time we've really actually started to see some improvement as it relates to the efforts that have been in place for the last six, nine months. So we're happy to see that, and we're going to continuing to try and drive incremental improvements going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, I'm happy to do that, Jerry. I think that there are two things going on in the numbers associated with the Industrial business. There are some unique benefits that were realized in the first half of 2015, and there are some unique negatives that we saw in the first half of 2016. So your comparability figures are a little bit more challenged in the first half of 2016 than they would normally be. So as I think about how the comparability will look going forward, very much, much more favorable. And as I outlined in the call in terms of our prepared remarks, we do expect, especially since we will eliminate some of the one-time items that we saw in the Industrial business in Q2 of 2016, by default we expect the momentum in our Life Science business to start to pick up going forward in that particular business. So I do think we're going to be seeing a much more favorable picture going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, and to be clear, it's not $1 million or $2 million. It's more substantive than that in Q2 in terms of the takeaways relative to those issues.
Kevin C. Berryman: It's really related to the federal government. And a lot of their work they're looking to do set-asides for small businesses, minority businesses. And so the contracts that are being let by the federal government oftentimes have pieces of the business that we would have normally had access to are being set aside for these other smaller organizations. We partner with those organizations oftentimes. But it just means the percentage of the profit pool available to Jacobs is a little bit less.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I think more to come on where we're going to be working through on the strategy over the next two to three months. You heard Steve talk to the fact that we've done a deep dive on the economics of the portfolio. Now we're marrying that up with the strategic wins on competitive advantage, positioning across the globe, risk profiles to determine where we're going to be driving our profitable growth agenda. And look, I think it will certainly entail – at least some pieces of the strategy will be about ensuring that we have good solid gross margin, which leads to our ability to have profitable growth. But we're not in a position at this particular point to provide any perspective or specificity around that.
Kevin C. Berryman: I would add a comment specifically, and it's important to note the line of business margin profiles that have been presented today for the first time actually. And it's worth noting that in a challenged environment where actually many of the businesses have the reduction in revenues, their margins, operating profit margins were up year over year. And I think that's indicative of what Steve was saying is that, one, we're taking costs out of the system. And if you look at the core level of our segments and our operating profit by the lines of business, even within the construct of having some challenges on the top line, margins are going up year over year. And so I think that's consistent with the message that Steve is delivering.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I would say that ultimately I hope that we don't have the elevated level of legal costs forever. Let's put it that way.
Kevin C. Berryman: It's pretty broad-based across the world actually. I do believe that we have in the 10-Q, and I don't have it in front of me, Jeff, but we do have some information in the 10-Q as it relates to our current spending on restructuring by the lines of businesses. So I would refer you to the 10-Q.
Kevin C. Berryman: Jeff, just back to your question on the restructuring, I took a quick glance. And the restructuring, as you would imagine, is mostly Petroleum & Chemicals related, more than 50%.
Steven J. Demetriou: That's all right, Jamie. So I'll start first, and then Kevin will take your initial part of your question. But look, it's too early to comment on the strategy. We're looking at everything. As I mentioned, we're not moving into the phase of really understanding with the help of some outside experts where each of our markets are projected to go, and also look at things that we're not potentially strong or involved in, in the market could be exciting moving forward. And so there's a lot going on. We'll obviously look first and foremost at how do we organically go after that. And inorganic could – also M&A could also play into that. And I did comment we are going to look at underperforming markets and sectors equally as strong, and that could lead to some decisions, potential divestitures as well. But it's premature to talk about what that will look like. Is it going to be several different small to mid-size initiatives that add up to something big, or is it going to involve some transformational steps? I would say everything is on the table, and we'll have a lot more to talk about later this year.
Steven J. Demetriou: Whereas a lot of things were declining throughout 2015 and even in the early part of our fiscal year, the last several months I think we've seen pretty strong evidence that we're hovering around the bottom in some of these more hard-hit markets. And we're not predicting when that's going to turn up, but feel like we've hit the stabilization point.
Steven J. Demetriou: So there are several different things that we can comment on that. North America specifically is clearly our best-performing pipeline, if you will. And globally, when we comment about those numerous feed wins, first of all, they're up significantly from last year, the number of wins on the feed side, which are really the smaller portion of potential larger opportunities because where we've seen in the past is once we get into the feed win, there's a higher probability that we're going to be able to convert that to more work. Whether it's a full EPC or EPCM opportunity, it provides a significant pipeline to grow with those existing clients. So we're optimistic about that. Also, we have shifted very specifically beyond focusing on a set of core clients to spreading our wings and going after more of the pie and more of the market. And that's going very well, and we've announced some recent large framework agreements with some multinational customers that historically we haven't been as strong in. And so I'd say we're extending our reach. And then also there are several factors around the cracker world as far as our participation in some of the peripheral work around some of these large projects, but also more importantly, derivatives. So there are a lot of derivative opportunities that people are going now that a lot of this front-end capacity has put into the market. And that's an area where we're extremely strong. And so those are examples of different opportunities that are making us more bullish about chemicals versus some of the other petroleum and oil and gas markets.
Steven J. Demetriou: We're not going to give any specific guidance to the backlog. But as I mentioned before, when we look at Petroleum & Chemicals as a whole, and mining, where we've been hardest hit, the theme is stable. Where we are more optimistic is in some of the Building & Infrastructure sectors and Aerospace & Technology. And where all that mix ends up, we'll see. But I think right now we're pleased that in the declining backlog areas, like the mining and upstream side of oil and gas, we feel like we've reached a point where that has stabilized. And so we're just doing our best now to go after wins across the different sectors. I will say one of the focal points for Jacobs as we continue to look at how to strategically adjust to address the market opportunities is we're looking more today than maybe we have in the past around selective larger projects where we're capable of strong project delivery capability. And hopefully at some point in the future, that will contribute to backlog growth.
Steven J. Demetriou: Look, I would say that there's definitely a lot of discussion here at Jacobs around the whole price/volume relationship or margin/volume relationship, where in this environment we're more focused on strengthening the mix of our backlog going forward rather than chasing low-value business that is just going to not really play out successfully for Jacobs, and we're making good progress on that. And so generally, I would say, starting with Aerospace & Technology, there has been an excellent shift to burning off lower-value business and replacing it with higher-value margin business, and that's underway. And I think that as we go through the other sectors, there are similar success stories around that. And I feel like right now that's our focus, and I like the mix of businesses we're moving forward. And that will start to really pay dividends as some of these commodity cycles turn more positive to position us for profitable growth.
Steven J. Demetriou: There's a lot to talk about, but I think you've definitely hit on a strategic shift for us that, as I mentioned earlier, we're still very much focused on our core clients, but we are also equally focused on addressing adjacent opportunities in those markets with more clients that we haven't served in the past. And it is definitely starting to play out and we're gaining some interesting wins. There are some examples of some bright spots across our business where we're seeing good momentum on that activity. I'll just look at Building & Infrastructure and Aviation, where for example, in the UK, our Aviation business has doubled versus 2015. And a lot of that is because of successes we've had some of our core Aviation clients who are now globally expanding their reach and winning aviation projects in Asia-Pacific and some other regions where we haven't been present. But, Tahira, I would just say, overall, it's a big part of our changing strategy, and I think there's going to be more to come as we play out more wins in the future.
Steven J. Demetriou: I think a core change in the way we're going after it is the new line of businesses. Now that we have, for example, global Petroleum & Chemicals organized under one leader, the meetings that I've been involved in periodically, there's a lot of excitement and learnings coming out by putting all of our Petroleum & Chemicals regional leadership together and building off each other's regional success. And so we are globalizing previous regional successes at a much faster pace because of the new line of business organization.
Steven J. Demetriou: I think the answer is this is definitely something that we're in the mix on. I commented on the Australia Education City. But when we look across the globe, our Building & Infrastructure team are on the front end on several of these smart city type initiatives, where we're seeing some preliminary opportunities, feasibility studies, some of the upfront planning. And what we would expect is that as we get through those and these initiatives get funded, we'll play a much bigger part. I think the question always is going to come down to funding. I'd say generally on the global infrastructure business, that's the big question mark. There's clearly a pent-up demand for infrastructure growth across the globe. And what we're seeing right now just hold that back generally across the globe is funding. And we're starting to see new creative funding mechanisms to start to move these necessary infrastructure projects forward. The question really is just at what pace that is. I can't comment on how quickly we'll see it, but the whole sustainable smart city opportunity is clearly an area of opportunity for Jacobs in the future.
Steven J. Demetriou: As far as these rebids, I would say the margins have stayed solid. There has been nothing material that we can comment on with regard to what we're winning. I'd say the mix is better is really what my comment earlier was. As we are winning those rebids, if you will, and gaining some new additional business in different areas like mission-critical, et cetera, overall that mix is up versus historically, specifically last year. But as far as rebid contracts, I'd say they have been very stable in the margin rebids.
Steven J. Demetriou: Andy, I think one of the key messages we shared today is that our cost optimization, cost reduction is not over, even though we talk about completing our previous restructuring. And so we continue to see opportunity at Jacobs to drive improvement in efficiency across the company in a meaningful way in many different areas of our spend. The restructuring was clearly heavily focused on adjusting our head count to the marketplace with some office initiatives. I think as we're now moving into the more strategic phase of our cost optimization, we're broadening that – all of our spend across Jacobs. And our initial assessment and the strategy work shows some significant opportunity over the next several years. So the reason why we're talking about that and doing that is we're not satisfied with the margins in this business, and we believe that there should be margin growth in all terms. So I would just say that our strategy expectation is for margin improvement over the next several years, and that's what we're going to go after with both the efficiency and mix of business that we're going after. And I'll just end that by saying what you should expect is that when some of the commodity businesses cycle back up with all this work we're doing on cost improvement, we should see eventually stronger margins in those businesses as well.
Steven J. Demetriou: Clearly we are, in our customer discussions, understanding that some of the more positive margin trends have now turned the other way. But where we participate, we're still seeing some good steady opportunities on the whole maintenance turnaround, a lot of regulatory opportunities. One significant opportunity in refining which is a real strong point for us is alkylation. With the change in regulations on C4s, there is a lot of work to build alkylation units to convert those C4s to high-octane blending opportunities for gasoline. And we fit right into that mix and believe that there's a pretty interesting pipeline of opportunities. So when you put all those type of things together, we continue to view this as a good steady opportunity for us.
Steven J. Demetriou: Look, I think generally you hit them all. I would say the answer is yes, yes, yes. And that's what's exciting us about now getting this information and deciding what to do with it. And so there are things that are in our control, like optimizing our office footprint and some of those – including also looking at where potentially we're not making money or just extremely low-value business, trying to decide how to shift our focus on those resources to higher-value opportunities that are clearly out there. But also, this is giving our organization much more capability to sit down with clients and have more discussion around win-win. And in many cases that wasn't happening. In many cases the awareness of the margin problem on our side wasn't as evident to our own people. And I think part of our next phase is going to move into really addressing even some of the pricing equations when it comes to opportunities out there. So just a high-level answer that all of those are showing up as an issue, which should lead to opportunity.
Steven J. Demetriou: I think that needs to be considered. If we're not getting a minimal return in an opportunity out there, I think we need to question whether that's the right use of our resources versus redeploying our people to higher-value opportunities. The one thing that I've learned at Jacobs through my early days here is that our people generally have capability to work across different markets, opportunities, businesses. And so again, I think this is something that strategically we're pretty excited about, optimizing the whole business model going forward.
Steven J. Demetriou: So just addressing the dividend one, Kevin mentioned about capital deployment strategy being part of our review. And so we'll have more to talk about all elements of our capital deployment at that strategic review. But as far as M&A, again, I'm really excited about the line of business structure, and that is another clear opportunity and momentum that's building in the company around all aspects of running a global business, which include more focus on reviewing a strategic M&A opportunity. I think Van Dyke was just a perfect example of an outstanding bolt-on acquisition that was initiated and led by our Aerospace & Technology team. And we're starting to have more discussion internally across all four lines of businesses on strategically profitable, attractive high-value M&A opportunities are starting to come into the discussion.
Steven J. Demetriou: I would just leave it with where it's starting to – the discussion is increasing. But as far as the pace, I'd just wait till we come out with our strategy to talk about where organic versus inorganic fits in.
Steven J. Demetriou: The specific message is that what Kevin has talked about in cost reduction and restructuring, I think you've just got to look at that as the previous initiative, and we bucketed it all under that frame of numbers that Kevin shared. When we talk about now strategic, further strategic cost initiatives, we're targeting and expecting additional savings, and so more to come on giving some guidance on what that looks like as we complete the strategy work.
Steven J. Demetriou: Okay, I'll take the latter, great question. The one thing I want to always repeat on these calls is we're going to challenge ourselves to look at how to take more intelligent risk, but I definitely don't want to leave our investor community thinking this is going to be a radical shift in strategy. We'd highlight what has happened at Jacobs over the last many decades and I think has built up a great company. I think we all believe there are things that we can do more of. That could be again a bolt-on adjustment to some of the risk profile that we've taken in the past, and I think the strategy work will help us articulate that. So I think the latter part of your question/answer was the right way to look at it.
Steven J. Demetriou: Okay, thanks, Kevin. I appreciate all the questions and the time today. Look, I want to leave the call that we're excited about what we're talking about as it relates to the future. Jacobs is a strong company, a long history of delivering for our customers and our shareholders. Hopefully, you get a sense that we're implementing change to complement and support our existing strengths. And the things that we're talking about are capitalizing on our diversity, really continuing to leverage off of our client relationship focus, and deploy capital and cash in a smart way. We're focused on winning more business. I believe there's good momentum in a tough market. I hope you get a sense we're driving stronger, deeper accountability, and we're also trying to achieve world-class standards in our most important product, which is our project delivery. And our value proposition has always been a key differentiator at Jacobs, and the global team is really driving forward to get Jacobs back on track to grow profitability. And we look forward to continuing to talk about this over the next several quarters. So thanks for your time and have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
