John Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and welcome, everyone. We can go over the financial highlights for the quarter, and then I will turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to give a business overview. We're on Slide 4, just the highlights for the quarter. We did report earnings of $0.63 per share. That included $0.04 that was the contribution from Aker, and that's $0.04 net of any of the acquisition in due diligence costs that were also incurred during the quarter. The year-to-date EPS is $1.15 and reflects those same Aker earnings. The backlog grew nicely into the quarter, and we'll talk about that a little bit later. But it grew to $14 billion from the reported $13 billion last quarter, and we continue to have a strong balance sheet. Our Q will be filed by the end of the week, so you'll see the details of that.  Net cash was at $284 million. That's down from last quarter because of the Aker acquisition, and it reflects the change for the cash that went out and the debt that was incurred related to that acquisition. And as we've pointed out in the press release, we have revised the range of our guidance. And the new range is from $2.40 to $2.80, which represents taking down the top end of the range by $0.05, which really reflects some of the uncertainty we're seeing, primarily in the public markets, particularly national government markets, as many of our major public clients, the federal government here in U.S., U.K., are going through some significant budget reviews and budget troubles. But I think our outlook continues to be very positive, except for that one area of uncertainty. And Craig will spend more time on that. Moving to the next slide, Slide 5, just to review our history of earnings. You see that we've flattened as we look at the trailing 12 compared to this last year '10. But more importantly, if you look at the 10-year compounded growth rate, even with the reductions we've had over the last couple of years, we're still showing that we're meeting that long-term growth rate of 15% that we talked about as our earnings growth goals. Turning on to Slide 6, which is the history of backlog. As I said, with $14 billion in total backlog, it's up $1 billion from last quarter. It includes approximately $600 million of backlog that came in from the Aker acquisition. So even excluding Aker, we still had a nice growth in backlog of about $400 million or so. On the professional services line, which has showed a more consistent track over the last few years, it is up to $8.7 billion. That includes about $500 million of Aker backlog. But again, even without the addition of the Aker backlog, we had a nice increase of about $300 million. There were no significant deletions or changes in backlog. So this was a very clean quarter as far as bookings and activity in the new business, and represents what we think is a very good trend as we go forward through the year. With that, I will now turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to give the overview for the quarter.
John Prosser: On the margins, yes, the operating margins were right around the 5%. And part of that is the business mix because if you notice the professional services revenues are growing faster than the construction revenues. Aker coming into the mix, their net margins were very similar to ours. Although they tend to be more heavily weighted to the professional services. But we did have some of the due diligence and transaction costs that were included in their G&As that offset some of that. You peel that back, and the fact that they have very little pass-through costs, and their field services mostly are professional services and construction management people and such like that, if you peel some of these other things back, their margins tend to be a little bit higher than ours. But it's because they -- just their model’s a little different. They don't have the pass-through costs that we typically have on some of our field services activities. So...
John Prosser: At the moment. I think as we go forward, that may change, and as they get more integrated with our field service activities as well. So I think in comparing that to last quarter, you'll recall that we had a fair amount of due diligence costs in that last quarter that brought that margin down. And without the due diligence costs, the margins were probably closer to 4.8%. So there is a little bit of a change, but not as evident of the change, or as broad a change as just looking quarter-to-quarter. And I think...
John Prosser: No. In fact, what I was going to say is that, that change really is almost all attributable to mix, and a little bit higher levels of professional services. Pricing continues to be very competitive and very strategic. As Craig said, we're looking to take market share in those downturns in some of our government markets. And even in that market, which historically, tends to be more stable than some of the private sector markets as far as pricing. We're seeing a higher level of price competition than we would in normal times. So, yes, it is still a competitive market. And we're still focused on making sure that we take market share in this downturn. Your second part of your question, the billable hours, we continue to see that slow but steady increase. It's not robust, but it certainly is going in the right direction. And I think with the growth in the backlog, I think the professional services, that will tend to feed that as we go forward over the next few quarters.
John Prosser: As we said, the total was just over $600 million that we added into the backlog. And of that, about $500 million was professional services. And that came in -- it was actually about the same when we did the acquisition and closed the acquisition on the 1st of February. So their sales rate was consistent with the workout for the couple of months.
John Prosser: Well, we'll be paying it down with cash flow. We're evaluating. Certainly, there's some tax aspects of what we may want to pay down, and transferring money around. Part of the reason we took the debt on was because of where the purchases were being made versus where the card cash balances were sitting. As we sort that out, we would expect to see the loan balances coming down. We aren't looking at it as long-term debt. Our base revolver does come up for renegotiation in '12. And so we'll evaluate that all as we look at the -- when we get to renegotiating our underlying syndicated revolver.
John Prosser: The small- medium-sized refinery market is still over-served by the competitors. And so pricing pressure in refining continues to be pretty strong. I think that we'll start to see that moderate, but it's probably another quarter or 2 before it’ll happen.
John Prosser: Well, I think there's going to be a lot of things that will impact the margins. I mean as we go forward, we'll improve their G&As, but we'll also probably, as Craig said, we'll expand their field services activities so they'll start getting more pass-throughs, so the mix will change. But their revenues and their margins on their professional services are similar to what we would see on our professional services in the process. Other than they're in a stronger part of the cycle, and we're in the weaker part of the cycle if you're looking at chemicals and refining. So the margins always go through the cycles, and so you can't compare where they are in a strong cycle versus where we are in a weaker cycle. But I think that the margins, given the similar mix, will be similar.
John Prosser: We haven't seen anything significant. We're dealing primarily, again, on the professional services side, and that's a pay-as-you-go kind of a market, and it tends to be similar to what we get payment in the West. You have to stay on top of it, you have to stay close to your customers, but you have to do that in the West, too. I mean, some of our slowest-paying customers are some of our best customers.
John Prosser: Well I think over the next few quarters, particularly as we see things like up in Canada, move from the front end and into the detailed design but then, more importantly, into the field, we will see the construction and field services growing. We've been saying that it was going to be a few quarters before we saw any significant growth in the field, that we'd see growth in the professional services first, and that's still the pattern. Quarter-to-quarter, I think, if you take Aker out, we grew less than $100 million, so it's not exactly a robust growth in the field services. But it is an indication of things are starting to move through the pipeline out of the some of the things that we were doing engineering on are starting to move into the field. So I think that while it will probably be moderate in the next couple of quarters as we move, certainly, I think, as we move into '12, we'll start seeing the field service activity pick up.
John Prosser: Well, the big step-up was related to bringing Aker in and the ongoing due diligence costs. So in round numbers that was $29 million, $30 million. So I think that, as the business picks up, there is a little bit of pressure on the G&A's up. We are starting to see salaries have some increases and things like that. So I think we would expect to be holding those in line. But at least this next quarter, we'll have Aker in for the full quarter as opposed to just 2 months, so there will be a little bit of a step-up related to that. There will be some continuing integration costs and things like that, that will be unusual, a little bit more than what business as usual kind of G&As. But I would expect, and we would certainly focus that these will be, other than the impact of bringing Aker in, that the growth will be flat to very, very moderate.
John Prosser: No. Most of that is just their G&As of doing business. Due diligence was probably around a couple of million dollars.
John Prosser: Well, first of all, we would expect to see the field services probably picking up as we get into '12. So we don't expect this to be a permanent or a long-term shift. And the fact that the gross margins are the best they've been in a few years is probably tied to the fact that the construction or field services are at the lowest level it's been over the last few years. So it really is a mix issue, and as that mix turns, I think you're going to see the margins turn as well. But having said that, I think that, certainly over the next couple of quarters, we wouldn't expect any major changes one way or the other, other than as it might reflect the mix.
John Prosser: Well, that amount was only for 2 months. So you're going to have the third increase for next quarter just coming out of the fact that it will be for the full quarter. And then going forward, beyond that, we would -- as we get them on to our systems and get them into our structure and such, we would expect to see some improvements.
John Prosser: Well, the pace of municipal bond issuances, as I understand the data, is down a bit. That's usually a 2- to 3-year kind of leading indicator of when the money will be spent. So if that sort of thing were to continue through this year, it would be bad for the 2012, 2013 kind of timeframe, but probably not so much for the immediate business of the company.
John Prosser: Well, it's already in this quarter, and so for the 2 months, it will be consistent as we go forward. It will be in the range of $4 million a quarter, and it was $2.7 million for the 2 months. So that will be fairly consistent as we go forward. We're still doing all the studies and such like that. That's our preliminary estimate, so it will be refined over the next couple of quarters, but it shouldn't change significantly from those levels.
Craig Martin: I don't think it’s as much of a difference in the project types as it is the pass-throughs and construction-related revenues. One of the things that we bring to the party here in our relationship now is that a stronger EPC, EPCM capability in Jacobs than what Aker had in its own right. And so what you're really seeing in terms of that backlog to revenue situation today is a very, very much a professional services kind of business. And I think as we start to bring in construction, and we have a longer project duration in backlog, you'll see that ratio change.
Craig Martin: Well as you get pass-throughs in, that will push the margins down. Because as I've said, I think on the last call, I expect in the long run that Aker margins will be about the same as Jacobs' margins.
Craig Martin: Well, 2 months is hardly enough to get a trend out of an acquisition. We're very happy with Aker's performance in the first couple of months, and we think that they're going to continue to do well going forward. There's nothing about their performance that's causing us to revise our expectations. Frankly, I think as much as anything, we just don't think it's likely we're going $2.85. I mean, you can do the math. And if you take $1.15 from $2.85, that's some awfully strong uptakes in the next 2 quarters. And it's just not going to happen that fast. And so we felt like it was important to take the top of the range down a little bit and not kid ourselves.
Craig Martin: Well, a couple of observations. In the Q2 '10 Aker numbers is a very substantial lump-sum construction business that we did not buy, and very high risk business, big numbers on the revenue side, small numbers on the margin and profit side, like negative numbers in some cases. And our view was that we didn't want that business. And I haven't analyzed it because it isn't relevant; we didn't buy it. But I would guess a lot of that backlog was associated with that part of the business.
Craig Martin: Yes, things like long view are a perfect example of that. And so that's part of it. We see -- as we look at where we are right now with Aker, we see a very good prospect list. We're winning work. We're being invited into some major projects as a principal contractor. And so I think we'll see nice, steady, solid growth of that backlog. I think everything we've kind of expected this acquisition to do, at least at this point, we believe it's going to do.
Craig Martin: Not so far. I mean that's something we continue to watch and scratch our head about, whether there's going to be an impact or not. But frankly, these uranium projects, you’ve really got to take a long view. These aren't 5-year projects or 3-year projects; they are 50-year projects. And I think most of the customers who are in that end of the business are taking that long view. So I'm optimistic there won't be much in the way of a negative impact from what happened in Japan.
Craig Martin: That's great. We have, Noel didn't mention it, but we have one distinction, I think. We're one of the few GES contractors, GES plus contractors, who's already licensed to do business under that contract. And that's a big plus for us, and we think that will accelerate awards for us as we go forward.
Craig Martin: Sure. We have chosen to take a position that's sort of not on the technology-of-nuclear side, but in what I’ll characterize as balance of plant. And we're working as the sort of balance of plant engineer both for some of the providers of technology, like AREVA, and for customers as the owner's engineer. And we think that positioning makes a lot of sense, given our business model, given our focus on the relationships and the fact that there's lots of people who know about them a lot. There are some well established players who know how to build a nuclear power island. So that's the position we've taken, and we think that's a good spot for us. It doesn't have the same level of competition in it. The projects, again, tend to be a little smaller and not as attractive to the big players. And so that's where we are and where we think that our best market play will continue to be.
Craig Martin: Well, across the spectrum of minerals, the markets are all pretty robust in an awful lot of the minerals. The Processing business is driven by growth in countries like India and China, and so you see a lot of activity in copper and gold and the other metals that are related to those. You see a lot of opportunity in iron ore and in coal as well. In terms of where are the projects, what you see mostly is Chile, Peru, for the metals-based projects. We're seeing some activity in Brazil around coal. Australia is a broad spectrum of metals, but, in particular, uranium, iron ore and coal are very strong.
Craig Martin: Well, metals processing is probably their single biggest market from a minerals processing point of view. So gold, silver, copper and the related projects, and the skills are pretty transferable across those, that spectrum. So you kind of have to lump that non-ferrous metals into one pile, and that's certainly one of their strengths. And then the other strength, which is Australia focused, is on the uranium side.
Craig Martin: Yes, that's right. The Aker guys will probably tell you that my answer was inadequate, but they're the experts and I'm not, so I'll take the fifth on that one.
Craig Martin: It's two things, I think, in two different ways. In the U.S. markets, it is -- the awards have been slower to come than we had hoped. We're chasing a number of interesting projects that should be good projects for Jacobs. A couple of those we thought would've been awarded already, and have not been.
Craig Martin: I think there's a whole lethargy in government right now in terms of pushing things out the door, and things take longer. There's more review cycles; there's more input from Washington. And I think that drags out the process.
Craig Martin: No. Stimulus really didn't have much in impact there. Stimulus was much more in the infrastructure and buildings arena. And there's still some money being spent, but most of that is behind us. In the U.K., I think the challenge is somewhat similar. There's a lot of work to be done. The NDA has a big budget, but they're slow to push projects and awards out the door. And there, there's been some challenges in terms of the solicitations coming slowly, as well as slowness in awards. Still, it's clearly a better market than the U.S. one in terms of its growth potential.
Craig Martin: I'm not sure how to answer that question. Virtually, all of the major Oil Sands producers either are customers of ours or are potential customers of ours. I don't know what project you're referring to that got away, just off the top of my head. But if you go with the Suncors and Syncrudes or the ConocoPhillips -- all of those kind of players out there have major investments, and we have significant roles with virtually all of the major players. There are customers with 2 or 3 investments going simultaneously. They rarely put all three of those investments in 1 company's hands. So we might have 1 or 2 of them, and someone else will have the third. But I really think that we have taken, and out of the box, a pretty strong position in re-energization of the Oil Sands and probably have the premier position at the moment. We’ve certainly staffed up faster than most of our competition. Our shops are rapidly moving to where we're having to take additional buildings for expansion purposes. So that's a good, growing business for us, and our position in that market has never been better.
Craig Martin: No, we're still pretty focused on SAGD. There is other work out there. We're doing some tailings work on the mining side. We're doing some work on the processing side of the mine expansions. But we don't get involved at all on the mine itself, and we're not doing any upgrade or work of any significance at this point in time.
Craig Martin: Well, I think that the spending will be down. Now the good news about the spending is, even if the spending's down it's still a huge spend. But I think when the spending is down, it's going to make the market more competitive. So margins will be under pressure for the big federal jobs, for a change. Not normally a big factor. And I think you will see issues with delayed funding projects and tasks being slowed; those are the concerns. We're not seeing that to a huge degree just yet. But when you’ve got a Congress and an administration that are sort of gridlocked about everything, and a budget problem with the magnitude of our federal budget here in the U.S., I think you have to be concerned about how much of that spending is going to happen and how soon is it going to happen. I think a lot of our folks believe that we are going to operate under the equivalent of a continuing resolution until after the election, which would essentially be kind of a no-growth environment from a federal point of view. But that still presents opportunities for us to grow our market share. It will just be a fight.
Craig Martin: The ethylene part of it is not much of an opportunity for us. We're not a big player in the ethylene part of the cycle and don't expect to be. There's always other -- balance of plant work and that sort of thing directly associated with the ethylene cracker. But a new ethylene unit puts out all -- creates all kinds of derivative units: polypropylene, polyethylene, EOEG. I mean, there's just a ton of stuff that -- I don't even know what all those names mean sometimes. But there's a ton of others, what I call secondary olefins and chemicals that ethylene is then made into. And those projects are the ones where we have considerable strength.
Craig Martin: Right. Because there's not much you do with ethylene as ethylene, right? You've got to make it into something else. And it's the making it into something else where we have really strong market position.
Craig Martin: Well, it's interesting. A couple of players, like DOE, have announced that they're considering major new crackers. And I'm not -- I don't really look at the ethylene markets. It always seems like ethylene's in oversupply, and it always seems like people are announcing new projects and building new projects to keep ethylene in oversupply. But I guess our attitude is just kind of, "As long as there's lots of ethylene, there'll be lots of secondary chemicals projects, and that's what we want." If you look at the demand side of it, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing an awful lot of demand in automotive-related things: paints, polymers, things for tires, rubber, those kinds of things. And so I think an awful lot of this product is going places that will benefit Jacobs in terms of projects.
Craig Martin: If you look at a same-store sales basis year-over-year, G&As are down modestly $6 million or $7 million.
Craig Martin: Well, we're still toward the bottom of best in a decade. Let me be clear: I don't think we're going to see another uptick in refining like we saw from '04 to '08, at least not in the relevant future. So I think the refining business is going to come back. I think it's going to come back in a way that's favorable to Jacobs, frankly, because I think it's going to tend to be smaller projects and environmental-driven work, I mean, we didn’t talk about that today. But I think there's a lot of drivers for expansion of the Refinery business for us that aren't really drivers for some of our competitors. But if you just try to put it on a scale of 2008 being the peak of the market and last year being the bottom of the market, we're probably somewhere, in a scale of 1 to 10, 2 or 3 at this point.
Craig Martin: Prospects are improving steadily. There's no question that there's more opportunity out there this quarter than there was last quarter, and there was more last quarter than the previous quarter.
Craig Martin: It's hard for me to judge just yet. There are lots of reasons to think that, that would be right. That we would start to see some opportunity to raise margins a little bit, because it is a very robust market served by a limited number of competitors. And then there are some resource constraints. But I think it's -- we haven't seen it enough yet to be comfortable with that, and I'm ever mindful of David Seaton's comments at Fluor about the margins in mining being lower than their margins overall. And they're a good company and a main competitor in this business, so if they're saying the margins are a little tighter, that has to mean something for us as we look at the margins going forward.
Craig Martin: Yes. No, there's no question. Their mix of work’s always had a little different margin. You see it in the margins for the business, generally. Their mix of work's always been a little different. Their way of accounting for construction has always been a little different. And so they always show a little different margin profile. But relative margin would be, I think, meaningful, whether it's for Jacobs or for Fluor, because we do go head-to-head on this stuff.
Craig Martin: I think getting to the top of the range will be challenging. It would take some pretty robust activity in the market. It's not out of the question, but it's not highly likely either.
Craig Martin: Well, we've tried to structure our low-cost engineering centers so that we share the benefit with our customers. And we've been pretty successful up to now in doing that. So that's what our expectation would be up in Canada. We would expect that the customers will see the benefit of the low-cost engineering centers. We're pushing that very hard. But overall, that won’t negatively affect our margins.
Craig Martin: They're certainly more amenable than they were a few years ago, but there is still a fairly high resistance in Canada to doing work anywhere but in Canada with Canadians. So there's still some resistance now because, I think, as the resource pool starts to dry up, and it should based on what we see going forward, we'll see more opportunities to move work. But there is a strong preference for a local supply in that market.
Craig Martin: It is a little bit better than pastimes, perhaps, but it's still a very competitive market. And all of the players know what they need to do to be competitive. You can win a GES plus contract and not get any GES plus work if you're not competitive.
Craig Martin: No, I wouldn't say that we're feeling any particular pressure. There are a lot of good deals out there. The whole deal process, as you know, is one that's opportunistic. It's got to be the right company at the right time at the right price. So even though there are lots of deals out there, that doesn't mean we'll do lots of deals. But I don't think we're going to see -- in most markets, we're going to see a big upturn in pricing in the short term. Exceptions might be, if we wanted to add to our minerals portfolio, finance somebody in the mining, minerals arena, that's as good a deal as we made for the Aker businesses. That might be hard to do. And oil and gas, as you know, we've been tried to do a big deal in oil and gas for forever, and we still haven't gotten it done, and that's all because the pricing is never moderated in the Oil and Gas business. So we're going to be prudent about this. We can grow organically, as well, and so we'll do deals when they make sense.
Craig Martin: Yes, now that's absolutely right. We're still expecting to get roughly 1/3 or a little more, 40%, something like that, from acquisitions, on a year-in-and-year-out basis. But as you look back through the history, you can find years where we made almost no acquisitions and grew 20% a year, 30% a year, and you find other years where acquisitions represented a significant part of our growth. I think that sort of history is going to continue itself out in the future. There will be good years and bad years for acquisitions, and there will be good years and bad years for organic growth.
Craig Martin: Let me put it this way. I'm pessimistic that we're going to get meaningful legislation from a transportation point of view with this Congress and this administration. So yes, that's essentially what I'm saying. I think we'll be working under what amounts to a continuing resolution. Obama's infrastructure budget, I don't believe it will fly. And I think we're just kind of going to be stuck in this no man's land for a while.
Craig Martin: Well, I'm probably not in the best position to be specific about opportunities right now in terms of that market. But to your second question, absolutely. We are big believers that as you take share, you position yourself best for the more robust cycle of the market. So we would certainly be willing and able to sacrifice margin in order to expand our market share. And in fact, that's part of our plan. One of the ways that our cost structure helps us to steal share in these down cycles is that we have that beneficial cost position.
Craig Martin: Yes, we are. We're probably not finished spending stimulus money for a couple more quarters. But obviously, there's no new money coming into that. So it's just working off the backlog.
Craig Martin: I want to thank you all for your interest. I think we've got a good story. We're feeling, I think, increasingly positive but cautious about the world going forward, and look forward to having this conversation again here in about 3 months. Thank you, all.
Avram Fisher: So Aker is primarily metals processing across all the non-ferrous metals and then Australian, uranium? Is that correct? I just wanted to just clarify some of that.
Avram Fisher: Got you, okay. You mentioned that environmental remediation was a little bit disappointing, and I wonder if you can clarify sort of where it was disappointing. Was it the DOE slowing the spending on the stimulus? Was it projects slowing down? Is it the competition...
Avram Fisher: Got you. And as you expand your reach into the Middle East, your exposure in the Middle East, do you expect -- or could there be any negative impact on your free cash flow? Because there has been -- some people say they're historically slower-paying.
