Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Jon, and welcome to our fiscal first quarter 2019 earnings call. Before we begin the review of our results, I would like to discuss several financial reporting changes that are summarized on Slide 4 and which have been highlighted with additional disclosures in the appendix of our investor presentation. I will walk through each one individually. Number one, as a result of our recent strategy update, we transitioned our global environmental services business, or GES, which was part of our Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear, or ATEN line of business as we believe the business, will have a more synergistic fit with our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities line of business. We are pleased with the performance of the GES business, which has significantly improved its operating profit and bookings performance since the time of the CH2M. Number two, consistent with our transition effective Q1 2019 for the bulk of CH2M’s legacy business to Jacob's ERP suite of applications, we have aligned CH2M backlog reporting to Jacob's methodology. We have provided a recast backlog for all of 2018 periods to provide revised comparable data consistent with this change. The adjustment is primarily related to Jacob's policy that backlogs the first two years of large multi-year contracts on a rolling basis while CH2M have included all contract years in their backlog. Number three. Additionally, we have made several changes regarding aligning CH2M to Jacob's cost allocation methodology, again, consistent with the transition to Jacob's ERP suite of applications effective Q1. The alignment results in an approximate $18 million increase in Q1 unallocated corporate costs with an offsetting benefit in the line of business operating profit. This change is neutral to total operating profit. In addition, the cost allocation change resulted in a $13 million increase to direct costs and a reduction to our G&A all within the lines of businesses, which is also both neutral to both lines of our business and total operating profit number. Number four, and on to changes in accounting standards relating to revenue recognition and pension accounting. During the quarter, we had a $6 million benefit from the adoption of revenue recognition for ASC 606, which is detailed further in Note 13 in our 10-Q. Regarding the adoption of ASC 2017-07, which covers pension accounting, we had a $4 million decrease to operating profit, which was offset by a $4 million increase to other income. ASC 2017-07 changes are neutral to net income and are outlined in Note 14 in our 10-Q. And finally, number five, given our announced divestiture of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources line of business, or ECR, ECR results are now included in discontinued operations and assets held for sale. As such, our results discussed today include only those associated with our continuing operations and exclude ECR. Importantly, consistent with GAAP reporting requirements, note that our operating profit from continuing operations is temporarily burdened by ECR related allocated costs that will either transition to WorleyParsons or be effectively eliminated at close. I'll explain this in further detail later in my remarks. Lastly, our EPS results includes both the impact of continuing and discontinued operations and is comparable to previous guidance. You will also note on the bottom of this slide some additional metrics that Jacobs will be highlighting at our upcoming Investor Day. I will discuss these items also in a bit more detail later in my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call now over to Steve.
Kevin Berryman: So, Lucy, let me kind of respond a little bit to the cash flow dynamics. We had obviously a couple of specific things going on in our Q1 results. And while the share buyback not in free cash flow certainly was – was about $140 million, a little bit more than $140 million for the quarter. So, that certainly was a drag on cash flow in the quarter. The final calendar year in the quarter ultimately translated into a couple of unique things, one we pay out our incentive in the last quarter of the calendar year and that was effectively almost approaching $90 million associated with the one-time cash. We also had another $90 million of kind of the timing associated with payables especially considering a third payroll run in the quarter, which is not necessarily usual obviously than normally have to. And then we had as it relates to a couple of the AR items, probably $40 million of leakage from the end of the quarter into the beginning of the next quarter relative to a couple of large customer payments we are expecting. Those were in the federal government, I can't say that those were exactly due to the government shutdown, but it certainly didn't help. If you take all of those numbers, that's a big chunk, and we think that certainly the share buyback is continuing on and our incentive comp payables and AR, kind of will ultimately go away. And then we have the last piece of that is the, let's call it the increase in AR associated with the quarter and I alluded to that, given the pretty substantial issue associated with – or opportunity, let's rephrase it, in terms of our ERP implementation as well as the revenue recognition adoption. And our people were focused on doing a good job there. And as you may have heard from others, that is a major undertaking. So we saw some leakage in DSOs because of that and the teams are now passed those ERP and rev rec implementations and refocused on it. Long story, they’ll ultimately say that we expect our DSOs to start to improve, the other discrete items to go away and consequently, we'll be improving our cash flow over the balance of the year.
Kevin Berryman: The only other thing I would say is that we're continuing on the share buyback, so that will be something that you guys should be thinking about as it relates to the cash flow dynamics. And where our teams are focused on the near-term kind of DSO and we're expecting to see some improvements there in Q2.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks for the question. This is Kevin. The revenue recognition benefit actually, because some of that was in our discontinued operations, and you don't see it in the operating cost figures was actually about $0.02. And that $0.02 number was actually already embedded into our outlook for the year. We had a previous estimate of it. So that's not a driver to the beat. So the $0.10 I think is the recognition of certainly the discretes and ultimately the general strength of our portfolio, plus potentially some incremental benefits associated with the share buyback that we're talking about. However, I will say that we're going to be updating the whole share buyback at our upcoming Investor Day to give you a real clear view given the recent new authorization of $1 billion and what that implication is for the balance of the year. And I think with that we will be providing a clear view of what the potential impact of that is for the balance of the year at that point in time.
Kevin Berryman: So Andy a couple comments, thanks for the question. I do think you're accurate as it relates to the ATEN kind of comparisons year-over-year, and as we are ramping up over the big enterprise contracts we won in 2018, the comparables have more of that base in it. And so I would say that we will start to fall versus these very strong numbers in Q1. I'm not so sure we're going to ultimately get to a double-digit number, but we'll be approaching it for sure. So I think that you kind of have a pretty good read on the situation for ATN. I think the opposite will be the case in BIAF actually. I think the pipeline of opportunities are developing really nicely. And while we probably won't see that ramp a substance until the back half of the year, we see the growth profile kind of ramping in the back half and consequently a much stronger end to the year than the beginning of the year, even though the first quarter is not too shabby. So we're liking the outlook for BIAF in the back half, where the ATEN kind of is a little bit more muted as we compare against those stronger comparables in the back half of 2018. So all in all, a pretty good solid outlook for the year in terms of revenue.
Kevin Berryman: So I think it gets back to the pipeline that's currently in place which is going to augment the back half in terms of revenue growth. And so, that's certainly part of the equation, but I will say that the current backlog that we do have in place is developing in such a manner that it will provide incremental support to the back half as well. So I would say it's both. The backlog I think probably – could it happen in Q2 where it goes a little bit higher, but we’re thinking it's probably more in the Q3 timetable, but that still doesn't result in the revenue starting to show some more positive trends in Q3. So I think it's both and we're excited about not only what's in backlog, but the pipeline and how that will convert as well.
Kevin Berryman: Jerry, I won't go into the details and actually specifically respond. But I would say that given the new portfolio that will come into play once the ECR transaction closes, affords us an ability to have higher leverage ratios. I will leave it at that. As it relates to how we will execute against that, I'll defer to our Investor Day in a couple of weeks, but certainly I would say our potential leverage ratios that are appropriate certainly aren't going down.
Kevin Berryman: No, really no change from the discussions that we had previously at our year-end. We're continuing to work through that and prepare for the mediation arbitration, which is going to be happening in 2020 and we'll take it from there.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. I'm very pleased with our solid start to 2019 and while there are many moving pieces to our financial results given several accounting changes. We clearly had a strong year-over-year revenue growth, up 12% in the first quarter, an increase in adjusted operating profit of 34% and adjusted EPS performance well above the midpoint of our previous guidance. And this was all accomplished while executing on an unprecedented portfolio of transformation, including the successful integration of CH2M and positioning for the sale of our ECR business. And as we look forward, our backlog and pipeline opportunities are strong. And so we're increasing our total fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS guidance, including a full year of ECR to a range of $5.10 to $5.50, up $0.10 from our previous guidance of $5 to $5.40. And excluding ECR for the full year, we continue to expect fiscal 2019 adjusted pro forma EBITDA to be in the range of $920 million to $1 billion, which assumes the removal of ECR related costs. We look forward to sharing our new three year strategy with you at our Investor Day on February 19th in Miami. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Right. Well, first of all on the ATEN side, our pipeline in that business is as strong and robust as ever and it's across the portfolio, as I described in my remarks. Clearly, diversification in that business line continues, Department of Defense, FAA, Department of Energy, large-scale enterprise contracts as I mentioned, but also we saw a lot of momentum in areas like automotive and telecom. In automotive, where we're a major player in wind tunnels, we're now using that platform with those customers globally to expand our business. And in telecom, specifically our largest client, we were just rated the number one provider and as it relates to quality and we’re in a major trend on design build wireless infrastructure in the 4G build out and moving into 5G. Missile defense, you've seen with the federal government prioritizing missile defense, that's a core area for us. And of course, cyber security and data analytics, which are differentiating us, using our previous acquisitions of Blue Canopy, Van Dyke. And that's a key area for us, because there is a war on talent globally and our ability to automate using these capabilities with some of the technologies and tools that we have, we're able to actually accelerate growth in a challenging environment of talent. And then on the BIAF side, I think the clear driver there that’s driving momentum is state, local and city support and funding. With the elections recently and the new Governors coming on, and I think it was 80% of the ballots were approved, $40 billion in infrastructure over the next several years were approved as part of that, major cities where we're strong on, Florida, California, the Governors there are driving significant growth. I mean just specifically in Florida, the new Governor, four-year $2.5 billion commitment in areas like sea level rise sustainability, $9 billion in highways, bridges and airports, California up significantly with $15 billion program. So we're just seeing great momentum in both businesses.
Steve Demetriou: I think the major factor there is that, as I covered with the strong growth in infrastructure and synergy opportunities, we clearly see in the BIAF sector a tremendous opportunity to take that to an even higher level. And there was already a strong connectivity between ATEN and BIAF going on there with our GES organization, and we just took a step back as part of this new three-year strategy that we're going to discuss in a couple of weeks and decided that the best way to move forward is to embed that into the BIAF organization, but recognize that both ATEN and BIAF have environmental opportunities going forward. And so, we're really excited about that moving forward.
Steve Demetriou: Without giving any specifics because we'd rather save that for next couple of weeks, we’re clearly, I hope you got from our remarks today, we're pretty bullish on a multi-year secular trends in both businesses. And so, we'll lay out that growth, but we're excited about it. And more importantly is the bottom line growth. And just to go back to your first question, even with the shift of environmental over to BIAF, both businesses, the forecast and the earnings guidance we gave assumes that both business end up total year double-digit operating profit growth. And so as you can imagine looking forward to our strategy, you're going to hear information around not only revenue growth, but more importantly margin expectations and we've always said we’ll always be a company that's going to be driving margin growth and obviously tying it all to the bottom line and then cash flow conversion. So we're looking forward to laying that out in two weeks.
Steve Demetriou: Well I think it – clearly when you just profile the ATEN and BIAF business, we continue to do a great job as – and that's why we're talking about exceeding our previous strategy. And really earmarking where we believe the highest value businesses are and where we can differentiate ourselves and bring this unique combination of capabilities of CH2M and Jacobs that the rest of the industry is unable to do, and that has led to most recently higher margins in our backlog. And so as we've been talking about more than two years now, every quarter, we've been seeing our backlog pick up on margin. We saw that again this last quarter. And that's clearly going to be part of what you're going to hear in a couple of weeks is how we're going to focus on higher margin, higher profit growth businesses. And so, generally, I would say the answer to your question, Mike, is yes.
Steve Demetriou: Great, that's a great question and that's why you hear a lot from Jacobs, first and foremost, talking about culture because the talent war we believe will be one basically by demonstrating that this is the place to be. And as part of that, we need to be a company that's focused on sustainability, innovation and demonstrating to employees that we're going to invest and develop them. Diversification of our employee base is critical. That's why we talk a lot about our employee networks and what we're doing on inclusion and diversity. And when you put all that together, coupled with again a unique portfolio we now have focused on these dynamic ATEN and BIAF businesses with a combination of CH2M and Jacob. That's what we're focusing on to reduce attrition and increase our capability of attracting the best talent across the globe. But I want to add on to that, I made a couple of comments on innovation and technology. With our portfolio now we can actually offer more automation and tools where we can use less human capital in delivering our programs and projects for our clients and bring more innovation and technology. And so, you put all that together, we're very focused on the question that you asked and believe that we can differentiate ourselves in the marketplace.
Steve Demetriou: Just want to add on to that. I think that also as we build this business and all the initiatives we have to continue to drive cost synergies across Jacobs with the CH2M Jacobs combination, but also some of the other initiatives like Global Business Services and some of the other initiatives across the company that the G&A as a percent of revenue improvement on the company across the rest of the year will also drive operating profit growth in the company.
Steve Demetriou: It's uncertain because it's tough to understand how a back-to-back government shutdown will play out, but I think the fact that this 30-day shutdown or so, we've come out of it, where essentially from our P&L standpoint neutral. And I'm really impressed with the way we were able to come through that because it demonstrates the portfolio that we talked about where we really differentiate ourselves into the most critical areas of even government businesses that where we came out neutral. Yes, there is some near-term cash crunch, but that gets resolved quickly and we've seen that this week. And last week, as the government came back up and started paying their bills. And so our goal is, first of all, we hope it doesn't happen but if it does and I think we've demonstrated through this first one that we should be able to get through it pretty clean and we're going to work on making sure that happens.
Steve Demetriou: Look, I think the success of this integration, which was complex and is still going on and we want to maintain and actually further increase the success over this next 12 to 24 months. Now, clearly it gives us more confidence as we deploy capital and future acquisitions, small or large. And so, I think you've hit a very important point that our organic improvements in the company around transforming our core and also building the culture that I talked about coupled with now our ability to be a company that demonstrates discipline and execution around integration of M&A, including complex M&A. You put those two things together. I think we've earned the right when we see value-creating opportunities in the future and I want to emphasize value creating and discipline, where we're not eager to run out and just spend capital because we got it from ECR. It's going to be very patient and strategic use of the capital for both shareholder return as well as M&A. I think we've demonstrated the credibility to move forward in that area. So, great question.
Steve Demetriou: As we were watching what happened with the elections late last year and how that would impact space and we're pleased that the way things ended up, we see good stability on the space side as far as NASA specifically. I think we think that there'll be continued commitment in preserving the budget there, the plus-ups maybe a little softer going forward than what we saw over the last year or two. We're also encouraged by what we're hearing about space force and our ability to participate in that. We're pretty confident in that area as well. On some of the other commercial space activities, I think that's slower to develop as we see those entities using a lot of their own resources. But as that continues to grow, we think that we're well positioned with regard to what we've been doing over the last many years with NASA and the U.S. government.
Steve Demetriou: Tahira, I think it's a combination of both. As I mentioned earlier, we're very encouraged on the market side. I was quoting some numbers earlier, but in the U.S. we're seeing environmental spending up 7% to 10%, and these various initiatives that have come out of these are bond measures, state counties and cities. So I won't repeat it at all, but whether it's highway, rail, water, environmental and other areas, buildings, clearly we're seeing a growing market that's driving some of the numbers. But the synergy opportunities, a lot of these major initiatives, most recently, California WaterFix and some others that I've quoted are clearly demonstrating the ability to grow market share as well. So, in short, it's a combination of both.
Steve Demetriou: All right. Look, hopefully, you feel the same way we do that there's never been a more exciting time at Jacobs. Our performance was strong, realigning our portfolio, higher growth, higher margin markets, transforming our culture at an incredible rate. I continue to be energized as I spent time with our people around the globe, pushing the envelope on possibilities, creating solutions that help drive higher performance for our clients, and while doing so enable us to create a culture that attracts and retains the best talent in the industry. We look forward to welcoming you to our Investor Day in Miami where you're going to see the Jacobs team in action. So thank you and see you soon.
