Steve Demetriou: All right, thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter fiscal year, 2021 business performance and key initiatives. Turning to Slide 4, before reviewing our third quarter results, I'd like to reiterate our commitment to our current strategy, which includes aligning our portfolio toward large secular growth opportunities where we can deliver sustained double digit profit growth. As I mentioned last quarter, we are developing our new corporate strategy and just completed a midpoint review of our business and competitive landscape. We look forward to sharing our new strategy along with updated, multi-year financial targets at our Investor Day later this year. Turning to our financial results, I'm pleased with our strong third quarter performance with net revenues increasing 11% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA growth of 26%. Backlog ended the third quarter up 7% year-over-year and up 3% on a pro-forma basis. And our backlog excludes our significant Idaho National Labs remediation. Now that the award has cleared protest, when including Idaho, total Jacobs’ reported third quarter backlog would be up 11% and on a proforma basis for Idaho up 6%. Total PA Consulting continued to post exceptional performance with 36% revenue growth. More importantly, PA delivered this growth while maintaining adjusted EBITDA margins of 23%, making it one of the fastest growing and most profitable consultancy firms. Given the strong year-to-date performance across all of Jacobs, including PA, we are again increasing our full fiscal year, 2021 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook. Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we believe we are entering an attractive growth period for Jacobs, driven by strong global trends and infrastructure modernization, energy transition, national security, and a potential super cycle in global supply chain investments, most notably in our semiconductors and life sciences. We are anticipating an increasing and robust sales pipeline for both fiscal year, 2022 and 2023. We are aligning our strong culture, deep, domain knowledge and investments in technology-enabled solutions to help solve our clients’ challenges and to convert this pipeline into meaningful growth opportunities for our shareholders. Turning to Slide 5. At Jacobs, our company's purpose is delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. And our values are, we do things right, we challenge the accepted, we aim higher and we live inclusion. This is critical for our people to work for a company that believes sustainability is fundamental to what we stand for as an organization. Building on our plan beyond 2.0 strategy, which we released externally last week, we have now launched an ESG focused, digital thought leadership publication, Reimagined Perspectives, to share with the world what our talented teams are thinking relative to high priority challenges like climate change and how they are creating and delivering innovative solutions in response. Living up to our brand promise begins with thought leadership by stimulating discussion, asking the hard questions and seeking new ways to meet challenges. The first publication is focused on resilience from a number of perspectives and throughout today's presentation, you'll see examples of our people and our solutions at action. We encourage you to follow us on social media or visit our website to learn more. Turning to Slide 6. We are seeing an acceleration across our global customer base and communities to provide solutions for their net zero carbon commitments. For example, at one of the largest U.S. consumer goods companies, we are providing consulting services to help them drive carbon neutral facilities as part of their journey to net zero emissions, an effort that may result at rethinking their entire global supply chain. And for a transportation customer in the U.S., we're helping them leverage renewable energy sources for their rail operations to enhance electric grid reliability during critical times. And in the UK we’re researching how airports of the future will accommodate hydrogen aircraft. And in Germany, we're supporting Shell's goal of becoming a net zero emissions company by planning for their new sustainable campus. And moving further east, we're supporting the development of a new solar photovoltaic power plant in Malaysia. In Australia, we've been awarded another wind energy project with a confidential customer. Altogether, sustainable solutions are a high growth business for Jacobs today comprising nearly $5 billion of our revenue, which makes Jacobs one of the largest ESG solutions providers. And now with via consulting Jacobs is uniquely positioned across the entire end-to-end ESG opportunity. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detailed by line of business.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong year-to-date performance, excellent results from our PA Consulting investment and the benefit from the lower tax rate, we're raising our full year guidance. We now expect the adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.21 billion to $1.275 billion versus our previous outlook of $1.2 billion to $1.27 billion. We expect adjusted EPS to now be in the range of $6.15 to $6.35 per share versus our previous outlook of $6 to $6.30. Looking beyond fiscal 2021. The likelihood of U.S. infrastructure stimulus package has substantially increased over the last week, which has become a significant benefit to our Jacobs P&L in the second half of our fiscal year 2022 and beyond. With the strategic repositioning of our portfolio, we are aligned to strong secular growth trends, including global infrastructure modernization, climate change, national security, digital transformation, and global supply chain investments. As a result, we expect this to drive double digit adjusted EBITDA growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, Andy. It would be FY 2022. Right now, how those programs and projects go. We start off with early concept and we call it basis of design activities, higher margin consultative type work, but to really see it flow through the P&L we'd be in subsequent phases of the project, which these are fast projects. So we're measuring in quarters not years with regards to how those would burn through the P&L.
Steve Demetriou: Yes. Michael, thanks for that. So look, this we are building optimism obviously based on the news we're all reading and we're very highly engaged. And I do want to start with that. Our U.S. government relations team have done an outstanding job to help influence this outcome, which of course it's important for Jacobs, but it's highly important for the United States. So what we got here is a five-year authorization. That's going to provide our state local clients significant certainty, and that's huge. And it's also significant for Jacobs because we've evaluated that over 95% of this trillion dollar, $550 billion of new money of is totally aligned to our Jacobs offerings. And when you go through that, obviously highways, bridges, rapid transit is going to be a significant growth. But when you look at some of the other components like Amtrak and freight rail, which is going to quadruple and funding, drinking water and wastewater, which is going to be up two and a half times, therefore, it's more than doubling. Ports and waterways, we're industry leader, same thing. And then you then tack onto that, things like super fund and Army Corps civil works, which are right up where we're – the leader in the industry across that growing significantly. And that's pretty fast starting opportunities, the way the money will flow. And then of course, what you talked about Michael, energy transition resilience and a whole host of other things, $8 billion in hydrogen hubs, which we're right in the center of providing solutions. So just a great, great opportunity for Jacobs moving forward.
Steve Demetriou: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sean. I'm glad to answer it because the Focus 2023 is a far reaching effort that's being executed across the entire company about transforming the way we work. So yes, real estate is certainly part of that because we're changing the way we're utilizing our real estate footprint and changing the way we work relative to that. We've talked about how we want to ensure that our footprint becomes more about collaboration, team building, training, and less about a place where you go and do hedge down work. So it clearly as part of that, but it's much more than that. And effectively what we're doing is aligning, creating a more disciplined in terms of the management of our processes, which is going to facilitate our ability to automate, create integrated process designs, which will facilitate people to spend less time. And what I will call the administering of our projects, that's a huge effort when we talk about our project teams around the world. So we think this unlocks talent and the time of that talent to really drive future innovation. Now relative to the double digit numbers, what we said, and certainly in 2022, our plan is that the bulk of the savings, what we're working on finalizing right now in 2022, we'll be reinvested back into the business by the next wave of potential opportunities that will allow us to deliver even incremental benefits in 2023 and beyond. So while it's a piece of the 2022 guide, or at least preliminary double digit number that we talked about, it's not a substantial piece of it because we're planning on reinvesting back into the business. We think our ability to continue to drive a company that is doing different types of work, becoming more digital and its ability to deliver work, all of that translates into a need to invest. And so consequently, a vast majority of the savings will be reinvested back into the business over the course of 2022.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, Adam, the engagements are on the rise pipeline is growing. Kevin talked about the backlog growth. We're seeing when we talk about just concentrate on the private sector for a moment, kind of this investment in supply chain resiliency, as well as business transformation, PA is playing on both sides. And so we were seeing those engagements definitely on the rise and it's forming itself or showing itself from pipeline growth as well as booking growth. So we see that tail having a nice outlook on it.
Steve Demetriou: I think when we talk about the robust opportunity moving into 2022 and beyond, we're really talking about all three legs of the business via Consulting, CMS and P&PS. Almost from a standpoint of them directly contributing to that double-digit growth. I mean, CMS specifically, we talk about this $30 plus billion of new business pipeline. We're excited about the wide range. We – the Department of Defense for example, is shifting into our major focus on upgrading, modernizing and making, all of their systems more intelligent. And we play a center role there as because of the capabilities that we bring in some of the proven abilities in most recent projects.  Bob talked about the space cycle, the deep space exploration, as well as Space Intelligence. And then we move over to even things like 5G networks, where that is growing significantly, as we've talked about in our – during our remarks. But the cyber and intelligence business, the pipeline there is rising. I mean, when you look at the capability that we created going back to over the last seven or eight years with starting with FNS acquisition, then Blue Canopy, and most recently KeyW and The Buffalo Group. The leadership there and critical mission solution that are now really put that together to expand our offerings and be directly in the center of all of the cyber and mission intelligence. The fact that now we're up to 12 of the 18 intelligence agencies that we're working for. So very exciting opportunity that CMS is going to contribute to the other side of the P&PS and PA.
Steve Demetriou: Bob talked about it, $30 billion. It's typically higher margin profile. And as that plays out, we'll see, given the mix of that, what the driver is to, to margin. Our objectives longer term is that our margin profile continues to grow across all of our businesses, including CMS. Probably getting into a strategic commentary that we're going to wait and hold on relative to our discussion at the end of the year and our Investor Day, but ultimately our expectation is that our margins will be able to go up in all of our businesses and certainly CMS would be included in that. So, I think that that's one thing. The second one.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, Andy, on the first part of the question, I would say, we exceeded expectations in the first three months of the investment on bringing PA into the U.S. And I'd probably point more to the private sector of that piece. PA traditionally and this is just to be even more specific, PA traditionally had relationships at the kind of Tier 2, Tier 3 life sciences clients. And whether it be MedTech and kind of product technology, or looking at the digitization of a component of their business, such as clinical trials, or other types of health information items, honed it in on a few a few Tier 2 or Tier 3. We've immediately been able to bring them into the Tier 1 rank and those same offerings at larger scale we're getting penetration on. So that's been – that's a big, big piece. Secondly – and we're seeing it in the numbers with regards to kind of the percentage of their bookings and where those are coming from leading to P&L growth in the out quarters. Second big piece, and this was publicly announced and I had it in the script. So, on the Fuji job, as we look at how we can continue to deliver next generation type services to go faster, quite frankly. PA is working with us on Fuji to automate our entire – our design approach. So, it's a great example of the digital skills of PA being brought into our core domain expertise and moving us up the value chain. So, really strong.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you. Okay, thanks everyone. I appreciate the questions. Stay safe, and to look forward to staying close with all of you.
Kevin Berryman: Joe just real quickly on the adjusted free cash flow that we talked about, there's two items effectively. The most material one is the $261 million of the compensation treated numbers associated with PA that was ultimately originally part of our consideration. But because of GAAP, we had to run it through the P&L that's 261, and we have another 19 of restructuring related matters which are just timing relative to the P&L. But you also heard me talked about, which was $2 million. Those two added together, take our reported free cash flow to the $430 plus million for the quarter. Really strong and we're very pleased with it.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, so, let me go through the first one quickly. The accounting and the complexity associated with PA because of not all of the equity pieces that we've been talking about, but also the backing out and non-controlling interest and all that kind of stuff. All of that, we did not take that benefit to our P&L that $6 million that you're alluding to. But maybe we can follow-up and John can provide you a little bit more detail there John. The second thing is, as it relates to [indiscernible] accounts receivable, sorry. No, we look, I think that while certainly a number of $430 million of free cash flow in a particular quarter is indicative of something that is not necessarily sustainable every single quarter. And so there could be, what I would say, some timing associated with that dynamic. It has nothing to do other than the good work that the teams are doing around the globe that we've been talking about for the last two or three years. And we've really started to see that come to fruition over the 2020 and 2021 years. So very proud of the teams. They're doing a good job. This is ultimately having something to do with some of the focus 2023 work we're doing where we're fine tuning and aligning our processes, where people are being able to, to get invoices out faster and ultimately more accurate invoices, which is facilitating our ability to collect sooner. So, while there certainly is some timing associated with it, it's good old fashioned, just doing good work, collecting sooner, and ultimately don't necessarily assume that that happens every single quarter to the extend its in. But we think these kinds of numbers will be sustainable going forward. And while there will be blips up and down, we're continuing to work hard to improve on our efficiencies and total working capital.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. So, look, let me mention a few things we hadn't talked about yet with regard to in the Q&A is we talk a lot about what's going on in the U.S. but outside of the U.S. our organic growth activity is clearly ramping up, we have a strong pipeline in the UK. Similar drivers there with infrastructure, stimulus and focus on modernization, especially in the rail side and de-carbonization, and we're expanding into Europe with some new programs on the airport sector. And then when we move over to the Middle East, we're seeing a really good pipeline and organic opportunity in places like Saudi and across the region in high-speed rail and also on the defense side as well. And then similar things going on in parts of APAC and Australia, New Zealand. Solid pipeline in Australia, New Zealand across transportation. Also, the power sector there and the whole sustainable solution. So wanted to kind of start with that. When you take a step back and look at Jacobs’ opportunity to grow organically, what we see is things are in different phases. Clearly what Bob talked about around electronics and life sciences, that's going to be a more rapid ramp up as we get into over the next several quarters, because of what – especially what's going on around semiconductors. When we talk about this U.S. infrastructure opportunity a bulk of it's going to be programmatic funding. And so therefore formulaic funding, I should've said. And so therefore some of our frameworks and the way the funding will flow will happen with more and sort of ramping up and some of it, even in the early parts of 2022. But as we get into some of the newer initiatives that the government is focusing on around resilience and energy transition, and some of the other digital opportunities, some of that will take a few extra quarters for that funding to flow to the various agencies. And the critical mission solution side, if you look back to our – the way Jacobs has unfolded over the last several years, it tends to come in, in certain peaks. And we're building up this great pipeline, we're very optimistic around the things that we've talked about and then the only question is does it hit next quarter or does it hit a couple quarters later? But when it comes, it's going to have a meaningful impact to our 2022 and moving into 2023 and beyond. So overall, we just continue to be very bullish on our ability to grow organically before we even think about deploying capital to on the M&A side. Okay, so I think…
