Steven J. Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. And turning to the final slide, we continue to be pleased with our progress over the year and the substantial improvements in operational and financial performance where we're expected to continue to improve through the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and into 2018. While expectations of our underlying operating performance for the upcoming fourth quarter remain generally unchanged, we are forecasting incremental cost associated with the acquisition of CH2M that will impact our fourth quarter earnings per share. As a consequence, we're revising our adjusted EPS guidance to between $3.00 and $3.15 for fiscal 2017, recognizing the incremental cost associated with the transaction of approximately $0.07 per share. Over the last two years, we have made tremendous progress transforming Jacobs to focus on high growth, high margin opportunities. Our third quarter results are yet another sign of our success in our core operations. We are now poised to utilize the combination of CH2M and Jacobs to target additional growth in higher margin, higher growth industries. The acquisition of CH2M represents a significant step on our transformative journey and we remain vigilant and focused on delivering enhanced shareholder value. With that, I'd like to thank you for listening and we'll now open it up for questions.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah. I really want my message to be, when I talk about global, it's in U.S. including. We're seeing very positive momentum in the U.S. across both our buildings and infrastructure sector and so the momentum is underway there, and we are booking wins into the backlog and that did contribute to our backlog growth in the third quarter.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, and just again very specifically, our transportation sector in the U.S. is where – we've had several wins that we've announced, especially in aviation recently at several major airports, and we're in excellent positions for some additional wins there coming up. But also across the highway sector, the rail sector, the U.S. is clearly a significant contributor to that 30% improvement.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, definitely. Again, if you go back to our strategy, it was to initially focus on cleaning up the portfolio, eliminating some of the unprofitable businesses and projects that we've had in the past and we've made great progress there. You can see the effect on margins. But the pivot to growth is underway and clearly we see and are optimistic that we can organically grow. We're doing it in our Buildings & Infrastructure with the nine quarters now in a row of backlog growth. We're now for the most part behind us is some of the lost contract rebid initiatives that occurred back in 2015 and our pipeline in our Aerospace & Technology business, we characterize it as a record high, and we are building backlog there and we're very confident that we're going to see growth in 2018 and beyond. And then we have the timing of some of the more cyclical business, the recoveries that will occur in those industries. And we're seeing signs of life in both our Petroleum & Chemicals as well as our mining sectors that will add further organic growth opportunities as we get into 2018 and 2019. So, yes, we remain very confident in our ability to organically grow at at least the levels that we previously reported in our strategic plan.
Steven J. Demetriou: Right. So look, water is one of the most exciting things we're acquiring in the CH2M acquisition. It's a big component of that company. They're clearly an industry leader globally and very much focused on things like state and local municipalities bringing clean water solutions, innovative technology. And what's really exciting now when you put that together, not only with our Jacobs water capability, but our global platform where we bring the capability of bringing that CH2M experience and innovation and technology to our Petroleum & Chemicals and mining footprint across the globe, where our clients are looking for solutions to address regulatory pressures to reduce waste, protect the environment. And so this is in our belief going to create a company that doesn't exist today, the ability to take that across a huge diversified base globally to grow the water sector. So you asked about what's probably the heart of the acquisition when it comes to the acquisition of CH2M's water capability.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, look, a couple of answers to that question, Tahira. The first one, glad you mentioned the Petroleum & Chemicals performance because we're extremely pleased with the results there. If you look at the industry performance, our backlog performance is outperforming. The fact that we're actually growing in a challenging market, I think is a tribute to that line of business' strategy to focus on where the spending is occurring and that's in the downstream sector and even some of the midstream sectors. And so we're extremely pleased there and we do believe at some point we're going to see some positive dynamics on some cyclical recovery. But as it relates to the Industrial business, it really is a timing situation. We're burning off two major life sciences EPCM projects that have for the most part contributed the entire decline in that backlog. We're somewhere close to stabilizing that backlog and we're excited about the opportunities moving into 2018 in the life sciences business. As I mentioned, we are seeing signs of life in the mining sector, albeit it's probably more second half 2018. And so we're in some of the early stages of some major projects in copper and some of the other mining sectors. And at some point, those advanced planning will turn to bigger design and full EPC or EPCM projects. And in our field services business, which is really driven by what goes on in the Petroleum & Chemicals sector as well as some of our other lines of business. We're positive that we're going to see organic growth there as we move into 2018 and 2019. And so putting it all together, we're still confident in our ability to organically grow Industrial and I think we're just in a timing situation where better days are ahead.
Steven J. Demetriou: So you were talking about our Aerospace & Technology and the momentum moving into 2018 and beyond. As I mentioned, our pipeline is very robust, but if you go back to some of our wins, which are in protest and we're waiting to put them in our backlog. As I mentioned, approximately $600 million of awarded business that's in the protest, half of that is the site tech initiative or the Special Operations Command in Tampa. We won the five year contract. It's $0.75 billion. And based on our backlog rules, that would be somewhere about 50% of that $600 million that we're waiting to put on the backlog. We're still optimistic about converting that from the protest process into the backlog. And then when you take that coupled with the rich pipeline of opportunities, we're excited about what 2018 and beyond brings, Jamie, in that line of business.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, let me build on that because I think that's where the CH2M acquisition comes in as well. Both companies have very similar transformation initiatives underway. I would say we're probably got started 12 to 18 months early, but CH2M has a very impressive transformational plan as well, both companies focused on investing in new tools and innovative capabilities. And I would say we're still in the very early stages of that transformation and seeing the benefits because some of the early on major investments have just been launched and so we haven't seen the benefits of those new tools that we've recently rolled out. And there are still more transformational initiatives at both companies are going to now leverage together going forward. So, I think the margin opportunities, especially with the combined CH2M and Jacobs initiative going forward, is still going to be a very significant story in addition to the growth element.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah. Thank you, Anna. Great question. Look, we're not ruling out improved gross margins. I think there is a lot of factors that go into it. If you look at each of our four lines of businesses, margin improvement opportunities exists. I think what's going to come into play is also potential mix. Now clearly, one of the benefits of the recent margin improvement is not only each line of business, improving their margins, but it's the fact that our Aerospace & Technology and Buildings & Infrastructure, where we enjoy the highest margins, are growing faster right now than our Petroleum & Chemicals and some of our lower margin Industrial sectors. So, our hope is that we are going to see some cyclical recovery in areas like mining and Petroleum & Chemicals, and we do expect to see those organic growth there to be at higher margins that we've seen in the past, but still lower than our current Aerospace & Technology margins for example. So, we have to put all that together, but we want to leave you all with the expectation that we're driving each of the lines of businesses to improve margins across the board.
Steven J. Demetriou: I think we're optimistic in several prospects and really it comes down to the timing of those crossing the finish line. There is a scenario that we're going to continue to see modest improvement in the rest of this year. And, but clearly into 2018, we're expecting to see year over year profit growth. And some of that will be driven by organic improvement, organic growth improvement and other parts of it will be driven by the continuation of the transformation process that's yielding higher margins and improved cost structure, et cetera. So all in all, we continue to see the prospects of steady improvement in our Petroleum & Chemicals, irregardless of market conditions.
Steven J. Demetriou: Well, yeah, it's traditionally where we're more capable and we see positive dynamics in the market. And specifically that's the petrochemical sector, but also some of the midstream opportunities that we talked about with some of the piping and associated infrastructure for a lot of the Petroleum & Chemicals growth opportunities across the globe. So it's in areas where we believe we're going to be able to demonstrate gross margin and operating profit margin improvement into 2018 and 2019 versus historical performance.
Steven J. Demetriou: It's hard to answer that specifically because we now bring together two large opportunities, very diversified as you said, very complementary. Yeah, there is some minimal overlap, so if we'd looked at that minimal overlap, those may be areas where we'll have now the positive opportunity to select the highest margin opportunities. But the majority of the story, whether it's the water example I gave earlier or it's our ability to combine these two companies and solve problems that in areas and opportunities in areas today like smart infrastructure, whether it's smart cities, buildings, highways and putting our diversified, complementary diversified capabilities on some very large scale global programs around smart infrastructure. And even nuclear and environmental where we're going to take our capability to work in very high hazard, high consequence asset management programs for Department of Defense and NASA and other examples and merge that with their Tier 1 nuclear and environmental capabilities to really create solutions in these complex high-contaminated nuclear sites at an accelerated and lower cost than previous experiences. So, the majority of what we get excited about is truly complementary, and therefore unlike a lot of previous acquisitions in our industry where there was a lot of overlap and primarily cost focus. Yes, we're going to get cost synergies , but the real story here is the growth opportunity of leveraging that complementary skills and capabilities.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah look, I think that we got to go back to what we talked about the strategy of, it's not only the fact that we developed a strategy and took a step back and identified where we see where capital is going to be spent globally and where we bring the capabilities to match up on that global capital spend. But we match that up with a separate process to really understand where we're making money, where we're not, by customer, by geography, by office. And therefore we do believe we now have a much more systematic system that starts with the pursuit process and going after business that is going to deliver our stated goals of margin improvement, organic growth and create shareholder value. As we now put that together with CH2M's system, which again we're very excited about the fact that our due diligence revealed that they have a very similar culture and initiatives underway of eliminating unprofitable business, really reducing the number of clients and that they go after to core clients that have demonstrated capabilities and margin improvement, and also investing to advance what is already a company that has cutting edge technology and innovation and putting that together. And just feel like I'm repeating myself here, but the complementary nature of those capabilities in sectors like water and Tier 1 nuclear, environmental management, and combine that with our global platform in a history and a proven experience of high quality project delivery excellence and our client culture, core client cultures, we just think the revenue synergies are real and will be the real story here of this combination over the next several years.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, I believe the rigor and process is in place. What's still unfolding is the rollout of our strategic investments which will accelerate those, make us even more capable, whether it's project tools and other systems in our commercial processes, all the way through our project delivery initiatives. And so, I don't want to come across here is that, we have all that now set up and it's all about winning business with this new process. I think our process improvement is unfolding, but the fundamentals of what I just talked about is in place of really making sure that systematically, the business that we win will now get converted at a much better rate from what margin we believed was there at the time we sold it to the time we conclude that program and project a couple of years later. And I would say, we're at a much better point today than our company was a couple of years ago. But we're only going to get even stronger on that as we go forward.
Steven J. Demetriou: So, on the first question, the success rate is very high and converting these protests into final wins and getting them on our backlog. I will say that $600 million is just indicative of what's unfortunate, is a more prolonged protest inefficiency that in our government processes here, but that's an industry-wide situation. That's nothing unique to Jacobs. But we feel highly confident based on the historical performance, as you asked, of converting that $600 million into our backlog. As it relates to timing, that's the big uncertainty. We're conservatively factoring that into our forecast that that's probably most of it in 2018. As I mentioned, we did have the Nevada National Security Site, which was a small component of that $600 million that we just recently won in now the fourth quarter. And so that will convert in the fourth quarter to our backlog, but the majority of that $600 million we would say hopefully will be in the first half of 2018 or sometime soon after that.
Steven J. Demetriou: I think what I'm pleased is we've been very consistent on the story around Aerospace & Technology, that it was unfortunate that we had some rebid losses back in 2015, but those losses were lower margin compared to the wins that Aerospace & Technology has achieved over the last six to 12 months. And so a good part of the margin improvement in Aerospace & Technology is a result of that whole strategy of winning higher value business. And beyond that, there is no one-time issue that is contributing that we know of.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, thank you again to the investment community for listening to today's quarterly call. Hopefully you get a sense that our actions we're undertaking are continuing to increase shareholder value and we're driving a stronger and healthier Jacobs. So, thank you very much.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, Cleve, this is Kevin. We don't. We're not going to provide that level of detail, but look, we fundamentally believe that the infrastructure play in the U.S. continues to be a robust one regardless of how things play out in Washington. There is an underlying momentum and need for the continued infrastructure spend. And I would say certainly that's the case in the U.S. and to Steve's point during the prepared remarks, also globally, outside of the U.S.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, Cleve, just a couple follow-ups on your question on the U.S. infrastructure. We've talked already about the win at the Los Angeles Airport which is an item. We're doing work at LaGuardia as well. There is also recent wins that we announced for the Georgia Department of Transportation, which was a win that we press released. We also did something for PennDOT and we also saw some incremental wins and specifically in Florida's Turnpike Expressway with the Sawgrass Expressway widening. So, a few projects that we press released that are indicative of the continuing building momentum relative to the infrastructure play.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, let me go start with the first part of the question as it relates to the gross margin percentage that we were able to achieve in the quarter. Yeah, it was over 18%, where we were pleased with that, Jamie. You know that the percentage that we have in the second quarter was even higher than that, but that was really driven by the professional service/field services mix dynamic. So, pleased that as we're coming back to a more normalized kind of a mix of the portfolio that we're able to maintain a number that's higher than 18%. I think the most important part of that question really is that we saw continued sequential improvement in the professional service margins in our business. Whether or not we continue to be able to maintain a number of 18% is probably driven by some of the field service mix dynamics. And I don't know that we would necessarily call out a number greater than 18%, but certainly a number approaching that figure is certainly a view that we have and certainly a sustainable kind of figure that we're going to be looking to drive. Certainly it's very much part and parcel to our strategic agenda going forward about going after higher margin opportunities as well executing better to be able to protect and deliver more of the as-sold margin. So we're obviously continuing to make good progress there. As it relates to the second – the first part of the question.
Kevin C. Berryman: We believe that we've made, obviously have made good progress and you can see that through the margin profile, Mike, so clearly good steps that have been taken. I don't think we're done yet ultimately, but we've made great progress. We don't have the absolute number as it relates to where we are in that, we called it a $50 million to $100 million opportunity as you may recall, during our Investor Day. But that's the target that we feel great about in terms of the three year plan. We still got some work to do to be able to deliver it. And so, it's not only reorienting around going after the profitable business. It's about continuing to execute better too. So, one of the key parts that we have made really great progress on and is probably coming to the end, is our write-downs as kind of just when we leave as-sold margin on the table. We've reduced those margin write-downs by 50% from 2015 to now. So, we're getting down to a level that we feel as can't be perfect in write-downs, but we feel like we've gotten a big chunk of that, although we'll continue to try and drive that down further.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yeah look, I think it's clearly an opportunity. We called it out during the investor presentation on the acquisition working capital being an opportunity. I will tell you, they've done a really nice job in starting that journey. They changed their incentive comp structure this past year to where they're focused on cash flow and clearly that translates into a need to deliver the profit, as well as improve on the working capital side. And they, the team there has already recognized that and started to execute well. Having said that, if we compare and benchmark their numbers versus where we are right now, we think there is continued opportunities. And as I've always said to you and others, improving working capital is, that's pick and shovel work. It's tough work and you got to work at it over time. It is impacted by many people in the organization, sales in terms of the contracts, legal in terms of the contracts, finance teams making sure they're doing a great job in providing accurate invoices and timely invoices to our customers. So it takes a concerted effort across the organization and the good news is CH2M has already started that journey, and we think with the combination that we'll be able to accelerate some progress in that area.
Kevin C. Berryman: And one other thing, Anna, just from my perspective, my commentary was really more short-term oriented as it relates to how we finish the year and enter into 2018. I think longer term, clearly the margin profile we would expect is part of the story as Steve has already outlined.
Kevin C. Berryman: A couple things, Anna. The first one is we did have the incremental CH2M related cost. That's part of it. But remember, we had a $10 million benefit in Q2, specifically as associated with our restructuring of the India Welfare Trust plans. And so, you add those up, that takes and explains about 80%, 75% of the total increase quarter over quarter.
Kevin C. Berryman: Okay. I think given the pending and hopeful close of the transaction relative to CH2M, clearly we're going to be providing some insights as it relates to the cash nature of that transaction and I think that will be important for us to target. So, not that we're going eliminate our current reporting expectations on current EPS, but we will be providing insight on the cash side as well.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, yes look, we're trending pretty nicely as it relates to the incentive targets that we've established for ourselves. We think we're in the neighborhood of being able to deliver against our targets. Teams are doing a really great job on that across the board in all of our businesses and like I communicated earlier, it's tough work. It's pick and shovel work. I'm really proud of the teams doing a great job. That translates into continued improvements, if in fact we continue to drive towards our opportunity. So, yes, we're hoping that that will continue to play out to be able to get us to a place where we're able to give some nice incentive payouts to our teams.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes. Remember that we had talked about $30 million or thereabouts of investments for the year, roughly $0.15 per share. We're coming to the end of that. Some of them are one-time; some of them are ongoing. Slightly more than half of it are one-time related. So, ultimately those investments will stop over the course of [2000] here as we end 2017. That does not preclude us from making incremental investments going forward and those continue to be evaluated on an ongoing basis. And we'll provide more insights relative to that for our 2018 views. Having said all of that, it's really about what is the investment, what are the expectations on the return profile, whether it is improving project performance which we're tracking and/or improving potential incremental growth opportunities, which we are also tracking. Those efforts are being monitored and continue to be evaluated on an ongoing basis, and ultimately we determine what the return profile looks like. And sometimes, if in fact things are going well, we might double down on the investment. In other cases, if we don't see things working, we want to understand why and we may adjust and do something differently. But we're monitoring and tracking the capabilities that are being generated and what the return profile is to determine whether or not the investments made sense.
Kevin C. Berryman: So one other just additional comment as it relates to A&T. What's interesting and really pleasing to see is the team has done a really great job. While we talked about some of these rebids that occurred where we weren't as successful as we wanted, most all of the rebids have been done, have been executed successfully, where we came out of a very big lumpiness of over the last two years of about a big percentage of our business coming up for rebid. And other than these items that we've talked about, which have a fairly small timetable associated with kind of running through and the comparables start to get easy pretty soon. The interesting part is all of the other rebids, at least a vast majority of them, we've won them at higher margins. So the rebids have, because of the strong performance of the A&T group and focused on doing the business well and better and more profitably, many of the rebids of the portfolio that we won are now at higher margins. So Steve talked about new business that is higher margin. Not only that, but the rebids are ultimately coming through now with higher margins as well. So we're very pleased with the teams' ability to have driven that as well.
