John W. Prosser: Thank you, Patty. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. I'll go briefly over the financial highlights for the quarter and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO to go through our business strategy and results of the quarter. Turning to Slide 4. First quarter financial highlights. We did report the diluted earnings per share of $0.70, which was pretty much in line with expectations, and up nicely from a year ago's first quarter. The earnings for the quarter were just under $90 million and backlog showed a nice growth to $14.5 billion, up not only from last quarter, but also nicely from last year. We've had a good trend in the backlog increases over the last year. So if you look at the book-to-bill, we were about 1.14, if you look at the trailing 12. So it hasn't been just a onetime event. It's been a nice progression as we've gone through last 4 or 5 quarters. So we continue to have a very strong balance sheet. Net cash increased up to $423 million, and as we reported in the earnings release, we are maintaining our -- the fiscal year '12 guidance at the range of $2.80 to $3.20. So I think that's a good solid quarter in line with expectations, and with that we felt that it there was really no reason to change the guidance for the year. Moving to Slide 5, this just looks at our history of trailing earnings. We have continued to show the nice uptick that we started last year and more importantly, if you look at the bars, the 10-year compounded growth rate at the bottom of the chart, we continue to track at a rate above that 15% that we always talked about as being our long-term target. Moving on to Slide 6. Looking at the backlog, again breaks down between pro services and other. The total backlog as I said was up nicely. Field services backlog was flat, but we had a very nice growth in the professional services. We may have -- those who follow us saw that we did do a couple of small acquisitions during the quarter, and while those are nice little niche acquisitions and has some nice potential to -- they collectively brought less than $50 million of backlog into the company. So it really didn't have a material impact on this. And so most of this was just related to our existing book of business. But with a nice growth in backlog, as we said before, the professional services backlog, that does speak well because that is the precursor to the field services, other activity that we get on projects. So we think this is really a good sign as we move forward for the rest of the year and into 2013. So with that, I will turn it over to Craig Martin, who will make some comments on the business.
John W. Prosser: Well first, as we caution people, revenues is not necessarily a good measure in our business because the variability of things like pass-through costs and construction and such like that. Also the fourth quarter, on the professional services side, has a lot of holidays around the end of the year between New Year's, Christmas, other seasonal holidays. So the way the holidays fell this year, there were a lot of vacations taken in that week as well. So that has some impact on just the hours through the books, which drives some of the professional services revenues. While the mix didn't change that much, you did see a little bit of a down tick on the professional services revenue, and a little bit also on the construction. So we don't think that's any kind of a trend, it's just the quarter and the effects of some of those things. But there's always going to be some variability from quarter-to-quarter.
John W. Prosser: Certainly. We did see a small dollar uptick in backlog and a small item in the G&A, and I emphasize small, but it kind of went in line with the margins. We are in a growing mode. We are hiring people, and that adds a little bit to G&A. And after a number of years where we had very modest salary pressure, we're starting to see a little bit more salary pressure in some geographies. So that adds both to the revenue and to the margin, but it also adds to the G&A. So I think that when you look at the operating margins, what we've said is that through the first part of this year, we're probably going to be fairly steady around where we've seen in the last couple of quarters. Then as we move into '13 and see that construction start picking up a little bit, you'll see a little bit of downward pressure because of the mix, but you'll still see growth on the professional services side. And certainly you'll see growth on the total revenues side from the construction. So probably all in all, we'll see some fairly steady margins as we go forward over the next 12 months and beyond.
John W. Prosser: Another -- the 2 acquisitions while they're not big in total, they bring in some G&A that it takes us a while to kind of absorb and get back on our model. So there's usually a little bit of an uptick. So that had a small impact on the first quarter as well.
John W. Prosser: And that's the -- that's kind of the trajectory that we've been talking about the last couple of quarters. So this is not necessarily -- not really a change, it really is just we're going to continue to look at it, but it's kind of on track with what we've expected over the last couple of quarters.
John W. Prosser: When we start talking about the conversion and the pickup in field services as we get into later in '12 and into '13, that will have a much bigger impact on the gross margins than it has on these operating margins. You'll see that we would not expect to see to be able to maintain that level of gross margin when we're seeing a mixed shift that closer to say 50/50 mix between professional services and field services. Then it will come back down to where we were, say, when that mix was closer back in '05, '06, '07. But I think we will see the pieces improve, but the mix will drive it down. And I think that will have a little impact on operating margin, but not nearly the same impact on operating margin that it has on the gross margins.
John W. Prosser: Our booking rule for those kinds of contracts are, that we book what we think the activity within that contract, if it has a finite life and a finite kind of scope of what services are, what we believe will be the outcome of that contract. And then we monitor that and adjust it. Basically, we look at it every quarter as to how that's trending against the actual IDIQ or the multiple award kinds of activities that are going on. And for the most part, those seem to work out pretty well. In the past, we've had some that have grown over the life and others that have not met their expectations [indiscernible] pretty well be able to track it over the life of the contract.
John W. Prosser: There's 2 things that affect that. One is we do have modest stock purchase plan. So we've -- the shares go out there. We have options and such that exercise in all. But it also is impacted by the stock prices. As you do the calculation for the fully diluted earnings, the value of the options outstanding or the dilution effect of the options outstanding go up a little bit and as the stock price goes up. So the good news is that when the stock price goes up, there will be a little bit of bad news with the share, denominator goes up a little bit. But the actual shares going out, tend to be fairly modest. There is a little bit of a flow, but it's through the stock purchase plan and options. And some of our activity in acquisitions, we do put a piece of the purchase price in stock, particularly where the sellers are, the ongoing management and we want to keep them tied to the company and interested in the overall outcome of Jacobs. So if we're buying from an independent owner like with acquisition from Aker, there wasn't the opportunity or the real desire to put stock into the purchase price, but when we're buying individual company where the shareholders that we're selling are also the management that we want to keep in place, we want to put some stock in their hand so that they keep a long-term focus on Jacobs.
John W. Prosser: Well, again, I'll caution that we don't really give guidance within guidance. But we talked about a number of things. Craig has commented about construction. If that move forward, came closer, that would now be actually be an upside. But I think it's just timing in markets, and we're still in a very volatile and uncertain economic market that could impact timing of events and activities and certain regions and such. It's just a whole lot of things that would be both on the plus and minus side. And I'm not going to go through and itemize, item by item, what will get us to the 320 and what would take us down to the 280.
John W. Prosser: Obviously, if we're going to move up, outside even at the midpoint of the range, there's some growth involved in that and with salary pressures, with that growth comes a little bit of an uptick in G&A. But it certainly should grow at a much lower rate than what we would see in our professional services, our margin line growing at. So there probably -- the pressure on G&A is increasing slightly, but certainly not above the trend line of our margins.
John W. Prosser: Well, even in some of those older projects, the clients out there are really looking for better ways to do the projects. In the last cycle, there was maybe a propensity to just throw money at it to get it done and get it going, where today they're much more conscious of what does it cost to process a barrel of bitumen to actually get the economics of the crude better. So there's a lot more focus on doing things better, doing things more efficiently, and that drives reengineering and relooking at even if engineering was done in the past, before it goes out in the field and figure out a better way to build it.
John W. Prosser: The public sector market still has a pretty good share of the professional services and I think, on the professional services side, we are seeing improvement in some margins with salary increases. We're seeing a pickup in the -- the multipliers may stay the same at the lower level. But the salary -- the short-term salary increases do improve that gross margin activity. Some of it is offset by higher salaries in the G&A and you get a little bit of a kick up at the gross margin. So there's a number of things that are adding to it, and while the traditional government sector has more -- higher multiples but less items that are directly billable, they do tend to have a higher gross margin. We are seeing a pickup in the salaries and multipliers that are improving the professional services. And we are just seeing a little bit better pricing. I say a focus a little bit, but it is stabilizing and in some areas moving up because of some of these markets where the salary increases are a little stronger. Australia, Canada, in regions like that.
Craig L. Martin: I actually would argue that for the most part, while we didn't quite achieve our goals in SG&A, the SG&A performance, G&A control for the quarter was really quite good. And so I think it actually bodes quite well for the out quarters as we go forward.
Craig L. Martin: Mike, I can't be absolutely sure without going back and looking at the data. I would say that the headcount bottom is something on the order of 4 or 5 quarters ago, maybe a little earlier than that. Certainly, since this time last year, we've had steady upward growth in headcount, and that continues today. When I look at -- when I model headcount, when I look at where we're going, I continue to see that the headcount and the billable hours will increase pretty steadily, at least the market doesn't go somewhere south on us. So we're certainly on a positive trend. We have been now for a full year. And I think that represents a pretty good trend going forward. So I think that answers your question, if it doesn't, tell me what else...
Craig L. Martin: It is. It's nowhere near the kind of salary momentum we saw, say, in '07 and '08. But it is the point now where -- we had salary freezes in place 2 years ago, 3 years ago because of where the market was. Today, we're getting what I would characterize is slightly above historic averages in terms of increases, but we don't yet see the silliness that we saw let's say in '07, '08.
Craig L. Martin: The other observation I'll make that we bring to the party that, frankly, a number of our major competitors in the mining industry don't bring to the same degree, is our ability to support the infrastructure side of the Mining business. A lot of these big open pit mines in particular require tremendous investment in the infrastructure to support the whole process of excavating the overburden and recovering the materials, and then big investments in infrastructure to get the product to the port or wherever it has to go. A lot of rail work in particular, as you start talking about iron ore, for example. So Jacobs not only picked up the capability that Aker represented in a big way, but we now bring a lot of our own capability in infrastructure or even in buildings to the Mining and Minerals business that they've traditionally haven't been able to get from a Tier 1 supplier. And so we're pretty upbeat about that as well.
Craig L. Martin: Let's start with the nuclear U.K. market and Tom, Tom Hammond also has that responsibility. Let me let him talk to you about that.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I think it's another good example of where the Jacobs business model is working to our advantage. I think the second part of your comment went to underground mining specifically, and I'll defer to Gary on that, but before I do, overall, I think I said this earlier, but I'll say it again. One of the real pluses of the Aker acquisition has been our ability to bring a lot of new resources to the Mining and Minerals business that really weren't available. We didn't have the credentials to supply those resources in the past. Aker didn't have the resources to supply. The combination has proven to be a real positive. But Gary you might comment about the underground side.
Craig L. Martin: I think we'll continue to see feeds throughout the year. But I think we'll start to see EPC, EPCM delivery, also some EP work, all of which will add to our field services backlog. So I'm expecting to start to see movement in the backlog and even some activity directly in the field during fiscal '12. So it isn't like we think these things have moved away from us a year. It's right out there in front of us. It's just that we're just not ripe yet to go into backlog and prosecute in the field.
Craig L. Martin: Our focus, like always, will not be on big grassroots refinery projects. Although we may have some opportunities to participate in some cases. Our focus is going to continue to be on sustaining capital, small project, sort of developing the relationships with the refiners in Latin America. And then the investment, all these big refinery investment, really represents for us much more of a long-term relationships and the small project aspects, instead of the idea that we're going to go out and win some big refinery. We don't expect that at all. So the outlook in Latin America for us is longer term, it's certainly not going to have any big impact on '12.
Craig L. Martin: Look, I'd have to tell you I think it's in the nitpicking category. But certainly Mining and Minerals and Chemicals are both very strong. Mining and Minerals probably a little more exciting for us because it's like the new toy. But both of those businesses are pretty strong and I think they're going to both going to contribute significantly going forward. And certainly oil sands is a traditional area for us, and I think its contribution will be particularly significant on the field services side.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think the gas prices and how many holes are getting punched is going to have an impact on the overall size of the market. But again, I think I mentioned last time, the overall expectation for investment, 90 days ago at least, was something on the order of $30 billion. And if that pulls back by half, it's $15 billion. We still have an insignificant share of that from a market share point of view. So I'm still pretty positive about our ability to leverage that business for additional growth for us as a company.
Craig L. Martin: I guess the fundamental thing, we really are not changing our booking practices with what we've been doing for the last decade, we're going to continue to do. As you know, there aren't any rules about how backlog gets booked, and so what we think is important is to be consistent and we're trying to do that.
Craig L. Martin: Brian, to address sort of a hidden question there. We still think we have plenty uses for our cash in the world of acquisitions. So we don't have any plans to use it otherwise.
Craig L. Martin: I'm not sure that my outlook about the construction cycle has actually changed that much. I think I said as early as 2 quarters ago, that was a sort of second half of '12 conversation. I still think the second half of '12 will start to show some good strong movement. But certainly, our customers are being, in general -- and this is globally so, a little more conservative about when they commit the big dollars than they were in that 2005 to 2008 cycle. I mean you're looking at a time when people couldn't get on the bandwagon fast enough, now you're at a time when people want to be sure before they commit. But I really don't think it's changed the tenor of where we see the business going forward. It may shift a project or 2, from quarter-to-quarter, or there may be 1 or 2 big events that get shifted more than that. But overall, I don't think it's changed our outlook very much.
Craig L. Martin: Maybe just the way I think about it. When we look at our customers and their CapEx plans, there is a good, steady growth future out there. And if they get a little aggressive about that, we'll have the better outcome than, say, the midpoint of the guidance. And if they get less aggressive about that, we'll have a poorer outcome. But we are -- not withstanding our customers view of their CapEx cycle, if you look at the overall economic climate, there is an awful lot of uncertainty. I mean, what does this all mean, what's going to happen to China, what's the federal government going to do, how are the states going to deal with their tax shortfalls, what's going to happen in Europe, what are the capital market? If you pick up any magazine and you'll get 10 pages worth of uncertainty. And so I think that's the bigger issue that you have to think about in terms of the guidance range, is there's a lot going on that's really external to the CapEx cycle that could affect it either very positively or very negatively. And 3 quarters out is a long way to predict.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. I think first of all, you have to think a little bit about our business is positioned. In mainland Europe, the vast majority of our business is related to the process industries. And there, the customers are very focused on sort of continuing CapEx and keeping their assets functional and safe, and driving the projects that will improve the profitability of those assets. That's where the majority of our business is, where the assets are onshore and offshore. And so I don't expect to see big project activity, it'll be a few big projects but I don't expect to see big project activity in Europe. I think the segment of the business we're in and the customers that we're working for are not particularly sensitive to the uncertainty in Europe. When you move over to the U.K, it's a little different sense. Our U.K. customers are insulated a bit from the continent, not being on the euro and all has had some impact. I think the U.K. government has responded well to the economic crisis, and it has taken and stepped up and done a lot of the things that it needed to do, to address the economic challenges of the country. And our guys, I think have been pretty adroit in positioning us for the places where the money will go. And so absent some sort of bank contagion that just drives across global banking, I think our U.K. position is really pretty solid. And I think we'll continue to battle with the other big players in the U.K. for market share. But we've positioned ourselves well, and I think we're in a position to take that share. So I'm not feeling terribly sensitive to the economic situation in Europe, unless it involves into more of a global crisis than I think most people expect. Our businesses in Southern Europe are going to struggle and that's going to be a challenge for us, but it's not a -- from an impact on the overall business, those are not big numbers.
Craig L. Martin: I think there are both kinds of deals out there, the relatively smaller niche deals, midsize deals, but I think there's also a few deals that would be in the $250 million north kinds of prices, and it wouldn't surprise me at all if we find 1 or 2 of those deals to do in the next 18 months. I don't see some sort of giant mergers of equals or any of those kinds of things. Certainly, that's not something that Jacobs has any interest in.
Craig L. Martin: It's both. We're seeing projects that were shelved when we -- when the crisis broke that are coming back. Most of those are coming back in a different form. And so you're seeing some differences in -- Petro-Canada had some big projects they're going to do prior to their acquisition by Suncor. Some those projects may come back. But if they do, they'll come back with a Suncor spin on them, not a Petro-Canada spin. And that'll change the nature of those jobs and they will change the approach to some of the feeds. But I would tell you that there's lots of ore body yet to be developed, lots of exploration going on in Canada in the ore bodies or reservoirs, whatever word you want to use for them. And so there's -- you wouldn't say that the preponderance of business was old projects coming back. If anything, the preponderance of business is new projects.
Craig L. Martin: My original comments, if you remember, when I suggested that Mining and Minerals was probably going to be softer than our historic business is, a lot of that is based on comments from our competitors who, in public forums like this one, have said that their Mining and Minerals business was less profitable. I think today, what we're finding is that in places where there is a lot of activity, like Australia, the margins on these projects are at least as good as our Process businesses generally. And so there isn't a particular deficit in that area. And of course, obviously, in markets where it's truly white-hot like maybe around Perth in Australia, you may even see higher margins than our traditional thrust of business, a bit like what we saw in Canada in the big boom there.
Craig L. Martin: The Middle East is still very competitive. There's no question about that. When you're -- the source of an awful lot of this big project work in particular. There's a lot of attention on that. But I would say, even in the Middle East, the pricing pressures have come off just a little bit. Now, I remind people on calls like this all the time, that the people with whom we do business, whether it's Saudi Aramco or Exxon or BP or Shell or BHP Billiton are very sophisticated buyers. And they're really good at getting the best possible price out of their suppliers. So we're talking about nuances when we talk about better pricing or worse pricing. We're certainly not talking about order of magnitude kinds of better or worse.
Craig L. Martin: I think we're still in the slow steady. I think the slope of the curve might be a little better today than it was 12 months ago. In fact, I'm convinced it's a little better today. But I don't think we're at the point where we would expect to see any sort of dramatic improvement.
Craig L. Martin: Well, thank you all for your interest in the company. We appreciate it very much. We're pretty pleased actually with the way that the first quarter went. And we continue to have a pretty positive outlook as we go forward. So we'll be back together to have this conversation here in about 90 days and we'll see how it's going, but the markets and the company's position in those markets, I think, is pretty good. And we look forward to continuing to demonstrate that. Thank you all very much.
