Steven J. Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our second quarter performance across all of our lines of business and the progress of our integration of CH2M. As such, we're raising our fiscal 2018 adjusted EPS outlook to a range of $4 to $4.40, which is up from last quarter's guidance of $3.85 to $4.25. So, operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steven J. Demetriou: Kevin, I think you summarized it well. Jamie, I think what you'll see with us is as we progress through this year and into next year, the most important thing is as we claim synergies that we'll all be able to see them hitting the bottom line. And so, that's the rigor we're providing, and we'll just keep everybody updated on a quarterly basis how that's creating value.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, there's a handful of things that come to mind, Tahira, when we think about the building revenue synergy pipeline, clearly the water opportunity across our commercial sector, so what CH2M can now bring to our mining and petroleum and chemicals footprint, so the ECR business as well as other parts of the company, Advanced Facilities, et cetera. I'd say you hit on that one. The environmental side, similarly, we're getting excited about now being able to bring CH2M's early-stage environmental permitting capabilities to our ECR business. As another example, CH2M brought the electronics semiconductor business. And now, with the horsepower of Jacobs, we're clearly seeing an increasing pipeline of opportunities for a lot of the major programs that are unfolding in that sector with some pretty exciting things going on there. And on the Nuclear side, clearly, the combination of our deeper, more comprehensive capabilities as a combined company and what looks like a very big demand for environmental cleanup opportunities are another area that comes to mind. So, we're pretty excited. We've been heavily focused on the cost synergy side early on. And as Kevin said, we've got significant opportunity there, but I think you're going to hear more and more now over the next several quarters about a building pipeline of revenue synergies across the two companies coming together.
Steven J. Demetriou: Well, let me just start. Our ECR business, I think I focused on my comments there that we're very confident that we're going to be able to continue to drive margin improvement in that business, and that will be all sort of centered around the type of business that we're winning, the project delivery excellence that has been demonstrated over the last couple of years as part of our new focus on our center of excellence capabilities in project delivery and the whole cost synergy opportunity there as well. So, I think you're going to see ECR continue to be an area of opportunity for us there. But as we do benefit from the scale of combining these two companies, as we grow aggressively in ATEN and BIAF, we're also going to see the benefit of that more efficient, productive cost structure showing the benefits of operating profit margin improvement in those two businesses as well.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah, there's several things that have contributed to the share gains. I think it does start with sort of the business model that Terry Hagen and his team have developed over the last several years as the outcome of the strategy, and that is it all starts with an industry-leading program and project execution. It's clearly a leader within Jacobs, and it's a leader in the industry. And specifically, the cost base that we've been able to develop, which is not only low cost but flexible to align with what the client needs program to program, so it can be tailored specifically to whatever client opportunity we're working with especially in the government side. And as I mentioned, that's proved to be a differentiator versus the rest of the industry. But the other piece is the organic and inorganic strategy that's unfolding. The acquisitions that we made over the last couple of years in cybersecurity and IT all started with the FNS acquisition several years ago and then Blue Canopy and others that have given us a growing footprint in the whole IT sector, cybersecurity, which we didn't have at Jacobs five years ago. And so, when you look at the share gains we made in that sector, I think we've only just scratched the surface of the opportunity because we'll not only be able to use that in this specific government services sector of ATEN but be able to take that as part of our Jacobs connected enterprise offering across our BIAF and ECR sectors, which is already unfolding. So, I think those are examples of how we're getting share gains, and there's several other factors that go into it as well.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah. When we do look at the ECR business, I'd say it's the area that we're starting to gain more and more optimism across the whole commodity sector. The mining side is clearly starting to demonstrate real improvement. Still at a stage where we characterize it as it a lot of work that was previously canceled or postponed is now coming back on the table. So, we're involved in a lot of the front-end work on consulting, studies, pre-FEED, and we are now building more and more confidence that these are going to convert to full CapEx projects probably as we enter the first half of 2019. It's still what I would say – fiscal 2018 is going to be a ramp-up on these smaller FEED studies and fully expect that this is now going to start to give us some opportunities for bigger projects as we convert those FEEDs to EPCM and other services for the client. Our focus remains in copper and iron ore and a few other of the mining opportunities. And I'd say it's the same message as last quarter, very, very focused around the Latin America and Australia markets and a few other areas around the world, but those are where we're seeing the biggest opportunities.
Steven J. Demetriou: We're going to always say we'll continue to evaluate the portfolio, but the majority of the organization – when I say majority, I'm talking about 99% – are focused on continuing the successful integration of CH2M and Jacobs. We have a few corporate folks that their job is to continue to monitor the market and evaluate how we're doing and think about the future. But at this stage, we have nothing to discuss about further portfolio initiatives, and it's got to be all about, for the next several quarters, demonstrating a successful integration, driving the cultural success, demonstrating the cost synergies, and getting the accretion that we expect from this acquisition, and deleveraging occurring in the second half as we've discussed. And that's what we're all focused on.
Steven J. Demetriou: The competitive environment as always what we're battling in this industry, and I hope you get a sense that we're winning that battle across really, I think, all three of our lines of businesses at an extremely high level. And they're different. In the government services side where our ATEN predominantly competes, as you know, that's a huge market where we still have a very small share of. And so, I think our team there is doing an excellent job of continuing to gain share across the last several years and we project through the next several years, chipping away in many cases at competitors that we had not previously competed against, companies that we hadn't previously competed against. And I think that ATEN model I've talked about it and we're pretty excited about it. In BIAF, I think the key here is the combination of Jacobs and CH2M has, to some extent, started to narrow the competitive field because we bring a scale and a portfolio offering that you can bring. And we're definitely seeing it as part of our synergy pipeline. That's not to say that it's not intense out there from a competitive situation at specific initiatives. But overall, when you take a step back, we've clearly created a tremendous opportunity with the combination, the power of those two companies. And then in ECR, again, what we try to do is stay away from competing against those high-risk projects with onerous terms and conditions and really stay focused on our partnerships with our focused clients and differentiating ourselves, in many cases, getting sole-sourced awards and being in these clients for decades, just continuing to renew these relationships in a bigger way because of the broader offering we can bring now with CH2M with water and environmental and also the Jacobs Connected Enterprise opportunities with digitization and other innovation into that area. So, I think what I'm trying to describe here is that we're trying to stay away from the traditional commodity-competitive profile and really hone in on those areas where we can provide clients with solutions and really be focused on that rather than trying to win a bid.
Steven J. Demetriou: What we try to do in these quarterly calls is to not only just talk about the revenue backlog but to talk about the gross margin and backlog. And again, we're very excited that this quarter, as we have been the last several quarters, have demonstrated as we're building the backlog, the gross margin in that backlog is incrementally improving. And so, we're just going to remain focused. We're not going to sort of put out a projection on that other than we fully are driven by each of these three lines of businesses continuing to win business of higher margin and then executing better and better every quarter to the point where we keep that margin that we've been awarded to hit the bottom line and to demonstrate it ultimately in operating profit as a percent of revenue. And we're going to remain focused on it.
Steven J. Demetriou: Generally, we would say we're driving for sequential growth in the second half on our backlog. ATEN has had a significant increase in backlog when you go back to a year, over the last couple of years. And so, from an ATEN standpoint, part of that is timing as awards come in. But again, we expect over the course of the next 6 to 12 months to continue to see improvement in ATEN backlog. I mentioned the power of Jacobs and CH2M together on BIAF, and that business unit, legacy Jacobs and now combined has demonstrated over the last, I don't know, 8, 9, 10 quarters nice growth in backlog, and we expect that to continue. And ECR is where we're going to continue to stay focused on benefiting from this upcycle that appears to start showing early signs of unfolding. But I think you should expect that over the next, again, 6 to 9 to 12 months to be modest growth as we selectively pick out those areas which are low to prudent risk and long-term recurring revenue rather than getting out ahead of ourselves and getting into some projects maybe we'll regret a couple of years from now. So, I think overall, that's a positive message around our expectation for backlog growth over the next 6 to 12 months.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah. I think your latter comment is more of where our mindset is. We've got a rich pipeline of opportunity in what we describe as professional services. And with the combination of CH2M now, we're really seeing a pipeline starting to build on high-end consulting work as an example around transportation planning and urbanization and bringing the whole water and environmental solutions. And so, that's where our focus is. We have selective areas where we've proven strong capability to do some design build or EPC work, but those are very selective there with clients that we've had proven success with or very focused markets, for example, on the water side where we're a global industry leader in project delivery excellence and those kind of projects. So, at this time, you shouldn't expect to see Jacobs try to extend ourselves into other areas of risky construction or that sort of area and stay focused on our strategy.
Steven J. Demetriou: Our line of business structure that we put in place now almost two years ago, which we've refined with the three lines of business for the new combined company, I think, is set up to be able to benefit from a large-scale Jacobs now. That's one of the largest firms in our industry and growing, but to bring that down to the line of business level where we maintain the entrepreneurial flexibility, innovative approach that tailors to our clients' needs and get the best of both worlds. And you're hitting on a point that is our total focus now on how we create a culture in this company that benefits from that combination that other companies haven't yet proven to be successful. And we're getting excited about what's unfolding at Jacobs from that standpoint. And so, our goals are aggressive. We're clearly a growth company focused now with regard to the CH2M acquisition, and we don't have specific targets that we're going to set or quote now from that standpoint. But as I mentioned, I don't think we've seen anywhere near the benefit of what the potential is from a revenue synergy standpoint with these two combined companies. So, as we get through the next year around the whole cost synergy side, I fully expect you're going to hear more about what we expect from a top line standpoint of these combined companies.
Steven J. Demetriou: There's several factors that, as you're asking that question, is coming to mind about what's happening with our revenue and now the growth is, if you go back to our strategy that we started unveiling a couple years ago, we explained that we probably were going to start to see some revenue decline as we shed unprofitable business or low-value business and really focus on margin. And then we committed to as we did that and started to grow again, we would sustain those margins for the most part and pivot to growth. And I think that's what's unfolded here is that we went through that clean-up phase. We ended up on a Jacob's legacy side with a richer mix of business focusing on what we said were two-thirds of the company that had higher value. We started the whole organic shift even before the CH2M acquisition started. So, yes, you're correct. When you look at legacy Jacobs from a year, two years ago to this quarter, we've clearly demonstrated organic growth. And then you tack on CH2M, which from the data that I'm looking at, also showed organic growth from – second quarter revenue growth from second quarter last year to second quarter this year. And so, you put the combined companies together and start to now drive the benefit of the portfolio strength that we have as one combined company. We fully expect that this growth track is going to continue to benefit us from a from a P&L revenue standpoint over the next several years.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yeah. And just to build on Kevin's point because I think that's important is if you go back and look at second quarter last year to second quarter this year and take out the legal matter this year that is onetime, the Jacobs side and the CH2M side, when you're analyzing them on a stand-alone basis, both grew their operating profit margin. And so, I think that you'd put that with what Kevin is talking about, I think the whole margin story is continuing to track what we've talked about over the last couple of years with growth in ATEN.
Steven J. Demetriou: So, thanks for joining our call today. And I just want to reiterate that we remain fully committed to executing on our strategy and delivering the promises that we've committed to on the CH2M acquisition. Thank you.
Kevin C. Berryman: No. No real fundamental. There's always puts and takes in the quarter, Jamie, but we feel good about the gross margin figure. And we think that these levels are sustainable, and you know that that's really fundamentally part of our strategy is to really go after work that we believe has the right risk profile, with appropriate and improving margin profiles. So, aligned with our strategy longer term, that's certainly what we're looking to do in terms of driving the gross margin profile.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes. Look, I think the over-performance are potentially as we continued to peel away the onion relative to the duplication of resources throughout the organization, that certainly has implications for potential labor improvements, but it's not just there. We're continuing to aggressively go after real estate, and that real estate can sometimes be tricky because it takes a while to move people and relocate offices and so on and so forth. So, real estate is really an opportunity as well. The final piece is a little bit more longer term, and it's really related to our system configurations and getting together in a combined organization. I think that those three things are all offering upside to the potential opportunity. I will say that as we think about combining our two companies – and maybe Steve might want to make some comments as well – we really are looking to become an employer of choice. And as we're thinking about the consolidation of our benefit programs and so on and so forth, there may be some investment back into the business from that perspective. And the other point is we will continue to invest in our system environment, and there can be some upfront P&L investments as it relates to that as well.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think the other point, Chad, to augment Steve's comments, if you think about the businesses that have come into Jacobs from the CH2M of very strong nuclear and environmental work where we're now poised and positioned to be having access to projects that are the most complex in the world where prior to the acquisition, we didn't have as much of that pedigree. So, we've not only, as Steve was highlighting, augmented and solidified our strategy going forward on the legacy Jacobs ATEN stuff, but the environmental and nuclear parts of the portfolio are also positioning us well to compete at a higher level in those businesses too, so we feel really good about that.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, I think there's a little bit of both actually. Clearly, we saw improving dynamics in the back half of the quarter, Andy, which was good to ultimately deliver the performance, and we'll see how that plays out in the balance of the year. But I would say there is a slight uptick as it relates to the balance-of-the-year figures versus where we were before. Look, we've got a lot of moving pieces right now, and we're focused on driving the delivery of all of the things that we're working towards in creating a single company that's focused together, aligned with culture being a big part of that. So, we'll continue to be focused there. I would say it's an appropriate guidance level at this particular point in time. I think you know that we don't go overboard on our guidance by any stretch of the imagination, but I think it's an appropriate and prudent step to have taken.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, that was a good number for Q2 on the ECR business where it was above 5% for the quarter. We think we'll be in that range in the plus 5%, hopefully, kind of range or thereabouts. So, we do feel that there's opportunities there. I do think it's going to be important for us as we look to 2019 to start to see some incremental growth, and that will certainly position us to be able to get growth leverage off of the gross profit that would come into play. So, I think we feel good about the improvements that the line of businesses made since we initiated our strategy. We're at a much different position than we were historically, and we're feeling good about how they can end kind of near those levels in the back half.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yeah. Anna, this is Kevin. So, just real briefly, as we saw the business trend over the course of the quarter, we actually saw a very, very large chunk of sales come into play in March. So, given the fact that many of our businesses have 30-day terms, that the bulk of the growth came in March, there really was a tick up in DSO because of that fact. Our expectation is that we're not going to see that kind of going forward where it all comes always at the end of the quarter. But that certainly was a player there in terms of the accounts receivable picking up a little bit. But you know that that's part of our metric in terms of incentives. And while we don't adjust for the fact that all the sales, revenue or the revenue came in, in March, we got to go get that cash. So, we're focused on that to be able to try and drive that figure down obviously over the balance of the year. We'll be less than satisfied relative to our compensation payout. The other point is that we did have sizable one-times as it relates to the acquisition-related expenses and synergy-related costs. That was well over a couple hundred million dollars. So, we think that this is the one quarter where we would have a lot of noise. And as we position for Q3 and Q4, we expect that we'll be able to get back to where we're seeing a more substantial de-leveraging in the back half of the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: So, this is Kevin. Just a quick comment. I think that it really boils down to how much traction we start to get on the DSO and accounts receivable efforts with the integration of the CH2M organization. We do expect that we're going to start to gain traction. Exactly the timing of that and whether we see our end result that we want to see by the end of the fiscal year or not, I'll hedge a little bit on that comment. But it's very clear that we need to improve our accounts receivable from the mere fact that we got to do it to hit our incentive comp targets that we've established for ourselves. So, I can assure you, we're after it. And whether or not we get to kind of those target figures or not, we'll end up seeing how it's going to play. You guys have heard me say about how this is pick-and-shovel work, which is a lot of day in, day out, rigor and discipline, discussing with customers, negotiating new terms and contracts that are appropriate as it relates to receivables and so on and so forth. So, we think we're well on our way. The exact timing of it, I'm going to hedge on it. But clearly, it's going to be an important part for us personally in this company to be able to get to our incentive targets we've established for ourselves.
Kevin C. Berryman: Just a quick other comment too, Andrew. As you may recall, Q2 of year ago was the point that we reached the lowest kind of level of revenue, and that's when we were talking about this pivoting to the growth factor. So, if you do look at the year-ago figures, it is that point where we kind of said okay, now it's going to start sequentially growing, which is what happened. So, part of this acceleration that's been building over the time, it's just comparing to that last quarter a year ago, which was quite low. And so, look, I don't think we're going to be growing at mid-teen numbers necessarily over the balance of the year because now we're starting to be comparing to figures that started to see some growth inherent in them last year in the back half.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yeah, so the restructuring of our lines of businesses into now ATEN where the legacy Jacobs has been 8% to 9%, the legacy CH2M pulls it down to that 7% number. So, we now believe we're in the 7% to 8% range with the new CH2M pieces of the portfolio. So, yeah, you're right it's apples and oranges, and we still feel like there's opportunities to try and drive that forward in a more positive way. So, we'll look to see how that plays out.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I would say – look, kind of I would call it clean up as it relates to the consideration items. So, there was, for example, international shareholders and change of control-related activities, all of these kinds of things were ending up being not executed in December in that two-week stub period that we actually had. So, there's probably of the $250 million, maybe half of it was relative to that, and then the other half was on these other onetime-related transaction-related costs, whether they be legal costs, whether they be investment banker fees, whether they be internal investments we're making as well. So, look, this was a high point. That's a high point. I think it's great that ultimately, our gross debt actually went down a little bit in Q2 with the uptick in receivables that we talked about earlier with Anna's question and with this $250 million. So, I think that that shows you the power of this portfolio and how we're going to be able to de-lever it once these things are behind us. And certainly from the – I would call it the onetime transaction-related costs and the consideration costs, those things are behind us effectively. So, now, we're really talking about the investments to get out the synergies. So, that in itself will allow us to start to see the leverage that we're looking to see over the back half of the year.
