Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. Finally, on Slide 17, in summary, we’re executing well against our three-year strategy to maintain the culture of safety, integrity and innovation, while driving operational and financial discipline with a focus on profitable growth. Our first quarter was a solid start to fiscal year 2018, and we’re optimistic that an improving macro backdrop is unfolding and we’re positioned well to benefit from it. Finally, we remain confident in our previous outlook. And as a result of a lower expected tax rate, we are raising our fiscal 2018 adjusted earnings per share outlook to a range of $3.85 to $4.25, which is up from last quarter’s guidance range of $3.55 to $3.95. So operator, we’ll now open up the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: Yes. Just, Tahira, I think a couple of points to your question, that we do believe that all four of our lines of business will, from a P&L standpoint, be seeing revenue growth this year versus last year, some more than others. And from a backlog standpoint, Aerospace & Technology, Buildings & Infrastructure and even modestly on Petroleum & Chemicals, we’re expecting positive backlog momentum through the rest of this year. The A&T situation will give us probably our biggest boost from a scale to be able to drive both profit growth and margin growth with these large projects that I described starting to move into execution as we get into the second half especially, third and fourth quarter. And so we do expect to see some momentum on both profit and margin growth there. But you did say it, we are seeing a strong profile, and therefore, we’re making sure that we’re hiring and training and putting in the investments to make sure that we’re positioned for 2019 and beyond. But all in all, we think that there is still opportunity for margin improvement, but clearly profit growth as we go through the second half of this year.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Jamie. So on the Petroleum & Chemicals questions, we’re very pleased with the focus on margin improvement. On both the year-over-year and sequential basis, the Petroleum & Chemicals team had clearly driven up the operating profit margin, which is critical to achieving our strategy. And as we get through the year, we’re seeing a nice mix of everything from some selective large projects, especially overseas. We have some good things going on in the Middle East and some of the other locations, but also a good mix of sustaining capital and O&M. And so overall, that profile should allow us to continue to see year-over-year margin improvement as we get through the rest of this year and also start to see that sequential revenue growth in P&C, as they’ve sort of cleaned up from the past and are now benefiting from the higher mix of backlog that they’ve been winning over the last several quarters.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, we’re – we don’t see a radical change unfolding in the Middle East and internationally on the projects that we’re working on. So other than a couple of selective projects that we have out of our Houston office for U.S. chemical clients that we’ve talked about in the past, everything that we’re working on is very consistent with our risk profile. And so we’re excited about some of these major projects that are involving both chemicals, some of the chemical derivatives, some large refining projects in Asia Pacific and the Middle East. And then what CH2M brings us with the water and environmental capabilities to add onto that to really put ourselves in a much stronger position to win these projects because of the wider services that we offer. All in all, Jamie, we just see well positioned with similar risk profile as we go forward.
Steve Demetriou: So let me start and, Kevin, maybe build on it. 2017 ended up almost spot on to what we had modeled and therefore had used for our projections that we gave with regard to EPS accretion, et cetera. So we’re pleased with the final 2017 number. We feel confident in our 2018 financials as well. As I mentioned, the backlog, very high backlog. So as far as what we need to grow and achieve our overall guidance that we just gave, we feel very confident in both the CH2M and Jacobs underlying outlook as well as some of the other benefits we’ve talked about. And then we got super excited about 2019 and beyond because by that time, we’ll have had the time to really leverage the revenue synergies that we’ve been talking about. Obviously, in the early days, we’re very heavily focused on delivering $150 million of cost synergies we’ve talked about. But we’re not – as the teams have now come together, there’s a lot of excitement about what we can do in 2019 and beyond. Just as a couple of examples that we’ve come to learn over the last couple of months. Bob Pragada, our President of the new BIF, was out in Asia Pacific and Middle East and India. And the things that he and the combined teams have been talking about are smart city work in India, that CH2M brings a much higher level than we were doing in our infrastructure side where we’ve been heavily focused on Petroleum & Chemicals in India. They bring the Buildings & Infrastructure innovation side, putting those two together will be powerful. Singapore, deep relationships that the CH2M folks have with the government there, especially in utilities, transportation is combining now with our capabilities. And then the iconic programs that we’ve talked about several times really showed in some of the Middle East activities they have working on Dubai Expo 2020 and the Qatar World Cup 2022, and now being able to put these capabilities together, and I just gave you just a small sampling of what excites us that’s going to cut across all three of our new lines of business as it relates to growth. We remain as bullish as we were when we announced the deal and when we closed the deal.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, from a Jacobs-only side, if we start there, clearly, the transportation, it really does come down to that big three that I talked about earlier, Jerry, is airports especially, just a tremendous amount of opportunities globally on airport opportunities. And we’ve been winning, I would say, more than our fair share compared – the last couple of years compared to the past. And we’re in the mix of some very major projects around the world. And so the whole global – globalization of that by our Buildings & Infrastructure team to be able to bring the best resources and win projects locally has just been impressive. But big highway jobs in the U.S., transit in Australia, some big waste treatment facilities especially in the U.S. are some examples there. The resiliency drive that I talked about really over the last couple of years, a tremendous focus and improvement at Jacobs in them being able to bring sustainable solutions, capitalizing on climate change and the things that our clients need. And then on the buildings side, health care, especially outside of the U.S., some big health care opportunities in Singapore and U.K. and really around the world, mission-critical on our buildings’ data centers. We’re in the mix of some data centers in Asia Pacific and India. And overall, when we look at our pipeline globally, it’s up 20% year-over-year, the underlying pipeline of opportunity, and that’s why I mentioned we’re sort of flushed with opportunities. Obviously, we got to go out and win those. And so, Jerry, it really is across both the Buildings & Infrastructure platform. And that’s why I’m positive about now the timing of CH2M coming into the company because they would be saying the same thing if they were a standalone company of the state and local business up 18% and water being critical, environmental solutions needed by all of industries around the world. And we’ve put that together with Jacobs, and we’re really excited about the opportunities going forward.
Steve Demetriou: Everything I said, we included the U.S. We’re seeing the budgets improving in the U.S., especially on the state and local side. There was some data that came out yesterday from one of the sources that U.S. transportation funding in 2017 was up, I think, it was 6% or 7% versus prior year. And all the discussions we’re having with clients, there continues to be that sort of more bullishness. Obviously, waiting to see what happens with the federal side and when and if our U.S. government is going to get together on both sides of the aisle and get this thing across the finish line. There’s just a lot of – there’s a lot of projects that are not only in the pipeline but appear to have the funding to move to the field, and we’re in the mix on these things. So Jerry, I think it’s consistent in the U.S. of what I said.
Steve Demetriou: Let me just add to that, Kevin. So we do work on some projects and programs for the Ministry of Defence. And I would say, overall, our outlook is stable from 2017 to 2018. Not as robust as the U.S., but still, I would say on a very stable front.
Steve Demetriou: Yes, there’s discussion, but I would say at this stage, sitting here, it’s still very early. I think everyone’s still trying to figure out their tax situation. And just like us, just in the last few weeks, we’ve come to a really better understanding. So that’s going to pick up, but let me just comment on that, that our hope is that certain industries, like the life science industry, that they’ll use that benefit of being able to repatriate funds and use that to grow infrastructure and grow assets and expand in the U.S. rather than using it all to buy back stock. And if it’s the former, then we’re going to benefit. I think the industry consolidation is going to heat up as these companies get more sort of confident in investing. And we play a big part in industry consolidation with regard to the studies, master planning, but also helping facilitate the integration and facilities optimization, et cetera. So there’s a lot refining. I mentioned earlier, we’re seeing a lot – we’re hearing a lot of discussion in the U.S. But with regard to RFPs and real projects unfolding, I think we’re a few quarters away from really understanding how that’s going to unfold.
Steve Demetriou: All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. I’d like to end by saying we’re excited and positive about the road ahead for Jacobs, but be perfectly clear that our top priority is the successful integration of CH2M, and we look forward to keeping you updated. Thank you very much.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, look, I think the margin profile associated with the synergies, there was very limited synergies in the first quarter. You might remember that we did some – took some actions at the end of the fourth quarter, our fiscal fourth quarter, which probably added $0.015 to the figures, which is embedded into that $0.77 figure. So I would say it wasn’t material enough to really fundamentally change the margin profile. So I think the flattish numbers kind of remain in place as it relates to that margin profile you’re alluding to.
Kevin Berryman: Let me also say, just on what Steve said, on the revenue side, there is going to be a ramp over the course of the year. And so we’ll – our expectation is we go from low single digits up into the higher end of the single-digit range over the course of the balance of the year. So A&T will certainly be a part of that ramp-up in terms of revenue growth, too.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, look, I think to reiterate Steve’s comments, actually, we said in the past that this 80/20 split that we’ve had historically and which is not too dissimilar given CH2M’s portfolio, that we would effectively kind of adhere to that in general terms and that it wouldn’t materially change. And as you know, the lump sum projects that we do, do are very, very strongly negotiated. So I think that’s an important additional comment to make. It’s not these blind bid lump sum projects, we don’t go down that path, obviously. So that’s just one comment. As it relates to the second quarter, look, specifically with the increase in the guidance that we have provided relative to the tax, I commented on the corporate G&A cost and that there were some kind of discrete items, the way I would characterize it, it’s more of the same in Q2, which will then fall off in Q3. There are different costs that will be incurred in Q2 versus those that I outlined. And I just wanted to give you guys a heads-up that, that incremental guide on the tax benefits, we won’t see some of that in the second quarter. And it was just prudent to do so, so you kind of model it correctly.
Kevin Berryman: No, we did have a little bit more cash than we had expected, Andrew, is the short answer to the question. And effectively, that translated into that $1.5 billion net debt. So we’re – the good news is we’re starting from a strong perspective as it relates to that. So look, it doesn’t change our philosophy on how we go forward to delever. We think that’s an appropriate thing to do, where we’re really committed to this very strong position of being a good solid investment, strong investment-grade rating. Even though we don’t have public debt, we philosophically want to have very strong investment grade kind of metrics, and so we’re committed to that. So I think that bodes well. I would say, just additional comments maybe on Steve’s comments on the growth. We certainly like the growth outlook in state and local for sure, I think, as well on the federal side, and then there could be some potential pressure on the side of private. So I think fundamentally, the things that we called out in terms of growth profile is where we think the growth can come from in CH2M.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Look, we think that there is an opportunity to improve the cash flow profile. They have higher levels of DSOs, and we also think there’s an ability, and that will happen through synergies and focusing on possible business, which they’ve already started to do. The legacy CH2M team had really started that journey already. So I think there’s an opportunity for the operational cash flows of CH2M to improve over time. It doesn’t happen immediately. We’ve talked about us being able to get to a conversion number of at least one longer term, and that will be muddied in the short-term because of our costs to try and get the synergies and all that kind of stuff. But we do fundamentally believe there’s opportunities to improve it longer term.
Kevin Berryman: So Andrew, just I guess relative to the CH2M model that was included in the S-4, look, that model was a robust model, and I’ll leave it at that. That doesn’t mean that we didn’t have our own view of very strong financial performance, which was incorporated into our valuation of the deal. So maybe I’ll leave it at that. And we’re excited about how they finished in 2017 and how they were looking to drive the performance in 2018.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Mike, look, I think everything Steve said reiterate obviously. The second point is the project execution has dramatically improved over the course of the last three years. If you look at what we call write-downs, which is basically we give away $50,000 here, $100,000 there, $200,000 here, maybe a $1 million or $2 million now and again, those numbers have dramatically been reduced over the period 2015 to 2017. So gross margin improvement has been driven, to some extent, by that. But actually, those write-downs are down 50% versus the number of 2015. So it is all of the things Steve talked about and really this whole fundamental getting back to project execution, doing good work for our clients, being transparent, not surprising them and executing in a manner that allows us to protect more of that gross margin.
Kevin Berryman: So Jerry, I think the overall picture is really, and part of the strategy that we put in place back in late 2016 calendar year, is really each of the line of business is focusing on trying to improve their profitability. And that strategy remains. So consequently, it doesn’t mean that we’re not going to invest in our businesses to ensure that, that growth is there. But we would expect that we would continue to have some ability to improve our margins longer term. Having said all of that, I do think the one kind of call-out, which could be a little bit different in 2018 specifically is Aerospace & Technology because of their very large enterprise contracts that they’ve won. A good margin business, but they’re not necessarily a higher-margin business. So as that kind of flows through, through 2018, as A&T ramps up, I would say that they’ll stay in that 8% to 9% range, but may not see some fundamental improvements in operating profit margin. But each of the other organizations are looking to try and drive continued improvement. It won’t all come at once. There will be a journey along that path. But ultimately, our expectations is the teams will continue to drive towards that.
Kevin Berryman: Could you just repeat the question one more time? It wasn’t coming through as clearly as the others.
Kevin Berryman: So look, if you look at our A&T business, it is largely a U.S.-driven business because of the large federal presence that we have in the various parts of the U.S. government, whether it’s DoD, whether it’s the intelligence communities, whether it’s NASA, all of these initiatives, plus the DOE with environmental spend of the historical Jacobs. And now, especially with the new business coming at CH2M, it’s even more U.S.-focused. So if you look at those numbers, I don’t know with CH2M what the percentage is of A&T, but it is driven primarily by the U.S., and I would say it’s probably at least 80% of the business relative to that. Well, don’t hold me to that number, but effectively, it’s a big chunk, especially more so now with CH2M coming into the picture.
Kevin Berryman: So Denise, I think we probably, given the schedule here, we’re going to need to cut the questions off at this particular point in time. But I would like to add one comment to those on the call. Just a note to advise everyone that Terry Hagen, our President of our Aerospace, Technology, Environment and Nuclear business, is going to be presenting at the Cowen conference tomorrow at the Lotte. And Steve was originally going to be presenting but has a conflict now, so I’ll be joining Terry to talk about some of the specific and unique things that we do on our Aerospace & Technology business for the defense and aerospace industry. So excited about delivering some of the news there as it relates to the strengths and capabilities of our team. So just wanted to throw that out to the team.
