John W. Prosser: Thank you, Michelle. I'll go over the financial highlights for the quarter, then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to review the quarter in more detail and the operations and the outlook. Turning to Slide 4, the financial highlights. As I'm sure many of you saw in the press release that was put out last night that the earnings per share for the quarter was $0.49. That included the impact of restructuring of $0.35 that we had talked about last quarter. I'll get a little more detail on that as we -- as I go through the points. Backlog ended at $18.5 billion, up a little from last quarter, but also up nicely from a year ago. Continue to have good book-to-bill. Balance sheet still is in very good condition. Our cash has increased by about $80 million, up to $772 million. Net debt decreased. And we continue to have a strong balance sheet. We have continued our Q2 guidance, so I think as we look at that, we expect that excluding the impact of the first half adjustments and the second half restructuring, that it'll be near the midpoint to slightly below it as we look at it now. Restructuring, as I said, for the quarter was $0.35. We now are looking at a total restructuring cost of somewhere between $0.55 and $0.60 for the third and fourth quarter. This is up slightly from what we had talked about last quarter. Part of that is attributed to, just as we've got into the detail, the gross cost has gone up by about 20%, but the bigger impact was the fact that we are not getting tax benefit for all the expenses currently, so the tax benefit is about half of what we had anticipated when we were talking about a number in the range of $0.40 last quarter. But we will get this all complete in the fourth quarter, and I think the results of the benefits from that will be clear as we go forward. Turning to Slide 5, which is the backlog. A nice increase year-over-year, up slightly quarter-over-quarter. I think this continues to show we do continue to see good prospects in the pipeline and that the market activity continues to be strong. With that, I will now turn it over to Craig Martin to go through growth strategies and review the quarter.
John W. Prosser: Well, as we've been saying the last couple of quarters is that our underlying legacy operations have been slow and aren't growing up to what we had anticipated coming into this year, and so a lot of that has to do with the activity levels and the conversion levels, and a lot of the heavy process that just hasn't been moving as quickly as what we anticipated. We're still seeing things flowing into the backlog, but they just aren't converting as quickly as what we thought coming into the year. And think that's one of the reasons we've lowered guidance, besides all the fact -- the other things that have happened both in the first half and now the restructuring in the second half. Specifically, to the revenue, we don't do a lot of breakout because it's hard to start measuring that and continue to measure that after the acquisitions. As we start to consolidate, to move things around and even identifying backlog because, in some cases, we might have both been looking at the same prospects. And when we win it, is it because of Jacobs or because of the acquisition or is it because of both? So we lose that visibility, the clarity fairly quickly. So having said that, the contribution from primarily SKM but also from companies, other much smaller acquisitions that Craig picked out was probably in the $0.25 million -- $0.25 billion range, or $250 million, plus or minus. And that's kind of in line with what it was last quarter as well. So FNS didn't come in until July 1, so there's nothing in the June quarter that would be from FNS, if the others had come in earlier.
John W. Prosser: Well, we don't give guidance in the future until -- we will be giving guidance on '15 at the end of our '14 year, so certainly, the benefits of that will be incorporated to that. At this point, we're not going to give any specific guidance for '15 or for the restructuring. When you look at the restructuring dollars that we're putting out about -- it's almost exactly 50-50 between the amount that's being spent on facility restructuring. In other words, getting out of leases and stuff like that, and the amount is being spent on people restructuring, which is a reduction of headcount or getting rightsized in geographies and such that we talked about. And so the people, obviously, tend to have a little faster payback for the most part, and the real estate has a little bit longer payout. But as we've analyzed it and all, the payout will be -- certainly justifies the actions that we have taken. But beyond that, we're not going to get into specifics at this time.
John W. Prosser: No, not really. I mean, if you get into -- take the restructuring, and we gave some of the detail of the restructuring costs, and they all are in the SG&A. Get some benefit against bonuses and such that the gross dollars are a little bit higher than what is shown at the net SG&A charge. But they all are in the SG&A line. And if you take the amount, as you've done, I think the underlying operations were pretty solid for the quarter. And there wasn't any real unusual items. Just like most normal quarters we have some pluses, we have some minuses, but it was -- everything kind of took care of itself.
John W. Prosser: I'll answer the first part which is the margin, and I think the margin line is pretty much in line taking out all the noise we had in the first half is kind of in line with where we were before the end of last year and where we continue because of the mix being more predominantly professional services. Also I think that some of the softness that we saw, particularly in our second quarter, as a result of the holiday vacation activities at SKM and other places did work its way through and that's behind and I think SKM is operating on a more in-line with more of the expectations that we originally had for them. And so the margin I think is kind of where we kind of expected it to be.
John W. Prosser: Yes, I agree with Craig. And historically, be it acquisitions, be it other things, we don't give piecemeal guidance. We give directional guidance, we give kind of strategic or qualitative guidance rather than quantitative guidance. And I think we just waited -- decided to wait and give the full picture for '15 and beyond. We have said that this is going to have a return, and the return, we feel, justifies the expense. And that as we go forward, you'll be seeing that impact in the financial statements, but it's just part of our -- what we will be reporting on as we go forward.
John W. Prosser: In that, when we do get a new customer, and we are looking in adding customers, it tends to be smaller work to begin with. We get in through doing a FEED or doing some studies and such, and then we grow it. So it's not like it's likely that a new customer would come in with a significant award in a given quarter. It tends to become a growth structure all on its own and after a couple of quarters of doing FEEDs or smaller consultancy kinds of things, it becomes repeat business as we grow it. So I think that's right in line with our model as well.
John W. Prosser: I would say that the underlying foundation of that is we still believe there's opportunities on the horizon for acquisitions and have continued to -- will continue to feed that above organic growth kinds of rates that we talked about. As Craig said earlier, we're still very committed to that 15% long-term growth. And in that model, there's a portion of it, 1/3 or so of it, that's going to have to come from acquisitions. So while we can't time those acquisitions, particularly the ones on the larger side, they come when there's opportunities, in the short run, we're going to build our balance sheet so we can take advantage of that. In the long run, if we got to a point where our cash continued to grow and the opportunities for deploying that capital as for acquisition grows and growth of the business, then as we said, we will have to look at alternatives. But we don't think those decisions are made on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but they tend to have to be made looking at our longer-term horizon. And we don't believe that the performance in the last couple quarters and such is indicative of what the long-term growth opportunities for us, both from our own organic growth and our long-term acquisition growth. So we continue to discuss that both with management and at the board level. And we look at the allocations of capital, and is there something we should be doing. And at this point, we are managing our capital for the long-term growth of the company.
John W. Prosser: So I think our long-term margin will continue to trend up. There will be a little bit of headwind as we get through, probably '15 as more of the construction activity that we're expect is coming in. But at the same time, we believe as that activity starts picking up, we'll have opportunities to improve our overall margins on both sides of the -- on both markets. So we'll have a little bit of improvement on the professional services that'll help offset some of the weight. And given our mix of business, and certainly the activities we have outside the U.S. and such where we're more likely to do things on a construction management modes and such, that I don't think we'll see -- I'm not sure we'll get back to 50-50. I mean I think that we'll see a period of time when the field services and construction grows as we go through probably later '15 into '16 and such. But I would think that we should be able to maintain margins somewhere around the mid-15 -- mid-5 to 6 depending on the mix. So I think, as we see the markets start moving a little bit better and accelerating, we might see an uptick in the margins before we see the pressure coming from the construction as well. So I would think that margins will be steady to up over the next couple years rather than down.
John W. Prosser: When we look at the U.S. market, primarily, I think you're talking about what we would categorize as our building and infrastructure, because most of the federal government and such tends to be more professional technical services than heavy construction and such. I think that what we're seeing in both those markets, as well as opportunities globally is on the infrastructure, there continues to be good opportunities, good spend. State and local governments are finding alternative ways of funding projects, either through design build, 3P kind of opportunities or bonds or revenue. [indiscernible] they are not waiting for resolution of the federal government, as such. On the building business for us, the public building business still is fairly soft, particularly the federal government. But we're seeing opportunities, and as Craig alluded to in his comments, we have made a switch -- or a movement of that, focusing more in the private sector or quasi-private sector where you get into health care, which would be hospitals, clinics and such, or in some of the mission-critical data center businesses which tend to be more private sector, but there's a lot of activity in those markets. So we see those both as directionally good. They are becoming more of a global market for us. But we're also seeing opportunities, from a global aspect, that 3, 4, 5 years ago, we wouldn't have really focused on in those markets as well.
John W. Prosser: Pass-through revenues tend to follow construction. Although some of them come up in the technical services space when we're subcontracting services and stuff like that, so there's activities there and such. But it tends to be a function of the direct-hire construction or the construction where we're doing it with -- on our paper, even though we might be doing it through subcontracting and such like that. So it'll bounce around quarter-to-quarter just because project activity levels do move around a little bit. But it tends to track more the field services revenue than the professional services. And looking through '15 and '16, it's probably mid to late '15 that we'll start seeing the field services numbers growing and out into '16, so we'd probably see the pass-throughs picking up as we get late into next year and beyond.
John W. Prosser: That would be, as we talked about in the first 2 quarters, the first quarter was a net of $0.05, the second quarter was a net of $0.19, and those were the unusual items. And then this quarter, we have the $0.35.
John W. Prosser: The first part of your comments, I think I would agree with that generally, we don't give specific quarterly guidance. But clearly, that is what would be construed from the annual number we're talking about and all. I think that there's going to be a mix of both, maybe a little bit better margins as we get a little benefit out of the restructuring, but it's also going to be volume. We are seeing, while modest, we are seeing a little bit of pickup on the hours as we look at each week. So it's going to be a combination of the 2. We don't forecast or give guidance on revenues per se, but I think it's going to be a combination of the 2 with, probably, volume as important as any margin improvement.
John W. Prosser: It's going to be modest because, as you say, the guidance, if it is a little bit higher, it's not dramatically higher in the next quarter.
John W. Prosser: No, I don't think we saw a big change in that. I think just as we got into the details and evaluating things like real estate and part of that is you have to evaluate what opportunities for sub-rentals and subleasing and such like that. And as we got into more of the details, it just the numbers changed, the number of people in several markets, as we sliced and diced, changed, particularly in Southern Europe, where even small numbers of people changes can have a significant dollar amount. So I think it was a couple of things that we thought maybe were on the cusp, and decided to take some actions as we really started focusing on. And so there wasn't any one big item that got added that added that 20%. It was just refining the numbers and getting more accurate. And probably erring on the side of doing more than -- and getting it behind us than doing less. And I think that the taxes became very much dependent on the geographies and that gets very complicated, so I'm not going to do a [indiscernible] on tax accounting. But what you can and can't tax benefit in the current period versus getting it over time as the operations improve and such came into that a little bit as well.
John W. Prosser: Well, I guess the comment I would make on that, since we aren't giving specific guidance, as I said, it's about 50% facility-related and about 50% people-related. The payback on the people tends to be shorter than the payback on the facilities. But I would say that some of the facilities will be -- individual paybacks might be 5-plus years, people have -- comes out a little shorter. But I guess that's about all the guidance I'm going to give as far as the average duration or anything like that, because that just backs into a number that somebody will pin on '15 and we're not ready to do that yet.
Craig L. Martin: It is not indicative of a lack of new opportunities. Our business is built around working for the big spenders in all the industries that we serve. And in no case do we have a share of wallet of any of those big spenders that even approaches double digits. So there's huge opportunity for us to grow on the back of repeat business, and the high-repeat business is an indication that we're putting our energies and focus where we should, which is with those clients that have big capital budgets where we can grow share and build relationships. What we find is that people who are not in that category tend to be people that we find challenges to work with. And sometimes they're folks who don't have any experience with major project investments, for example. Those kinds of projects are the ones that can seriously go south, and we try to avoid those as best we can. So I don't think that our high repeat business number is at all indicative of the some limitation on our growth, quite the contrary.
Craig L. Martin: There's always the risk of cancellation risk. Backlog can be strong, and if customers decide they're just not going to go forward, you can see a fair amount of work fall out of backlog. Probably lower risk right now because of the nature of the work that's in backlog than it is historically. Certainly, for example, construction-related backlog is more vulnerable to cancellations than service-related backlog, has a longer tail and it's the bigger part of the costs that the customer might incur. So those risks are out there. But I don't see any evidence that those risks are things that are likely to materialize. When we talk to customers about their projects and programs, it's not about not doing the work, it's more about timing of doing the work in terms of when is it going to happen. And of course, we've been very careful about putting things in the backlog until they've gotten that final investment decision or until we're fairly certain that they're going to happen. So I think the risk of backlog not converting is not particularly high, it is in fact low. But like I say that we get a global financial crisis or something happens with oil prices, that would certainly have an impact.
Craig L. Martin: One of those projects is operational. The other project is not yet complete, but we don't see any further risk in that project.
Craig L. Martin: Honestly, I can't say that we do. As I sit here and look at where we are with our customers and what they're telling us about the drivers for them to make investment decisions, I'm not seeing a significant certainty time-wise about when they're going to make those decisions. So in terms of real backlog acceleration, I just -- I'm very frustrated, but I can't predict when that's likely to happen. And I've been wrong before in terms of trying to predict it, so I'm maybe a little overly cautious right now about that. There are some businesses we're in where the drivers are regulatory and we're coming up on the point where those particular projects will have to be built. But even that could be as much as 5 quarters 3, 4 quarters away. So for us, at least, it's a very difficult time in terms of trying to predict when this stuff is going to start happening and when it's going to start going our way. And I'm very frustrated by that but that's the truth of the matter.
Craig L. Martin: I certainly don't see any evidence that the cycle is over. I do see an abundance of caution from our customers about the cycle and where they are in it and what the likely outcomes are for their projects. And I think that's actually turning this in from sort of what I think we all believed a couple years ago was going to be boom-like into a much more protracted, less boom-like environment. And so in some ways, the customers are getting what they want out of that, pricing staying down, competition staying high and so projects are getting done, logically speaking, at lower costs. So I think that's more of the situation as I see it. The issues are cost certainty, permitting certainty, a little bit of overall economy. When I talked to some of the executives at the tops of the organizations we work for, the general belief about the strength of the economy is not as good as what the popular press would have you believe. And I think that's also affecting that sort of on-the-border decision, should we go ahead and commit or not, let's wait a little while. All those things seem to be adding up to a protracted boom, if you want to call it that, rather than the kind of boom that I think we all were expecting when the cheap gas phenomenon first started.
Craig L. Martin: We've looked at the consolidations a bit to try to understand what the impact might be on us. Frankly, the ones that we've seen, we don't think will have a particularly significant impact. Certainly, some of the combinations look like they certainly bring scale. But in most cases, it doesn't appear to us that they bring concentration. And in a few cases where they do bring concentration, it's in markets where, we believe, the customers tend to split the baby and share the work around. So where a concentration is occurring in a couple of these businesses, it's in a market where the customer says, "Well, everybody gets 10%." So 10% plus 10% equals 10%. And so that might actually be good for Jacobs if our share is 8%, we might get to 10% or maybe we can get to 11% or 12%. So overall, as we look at what happened so far, we don't think that has a meaningful negative impact on our business, nor do we think the story that those bigger companies might be able to tell the customer will drive them to choose one of the bigger companies over Jacobs. We have sufficient diversity and geographic reach, that we're pretty well credible in every market we serve. The only place that we're not credible is power, and that's not really a market we've gotten a lot of traction in yet. So I think the net of all that is that these consolidations aren't that bad for Jacobs. So that's part 1 of the question. Part 2 of the question, in terms of needing to do bigger deals, I don't think so. I actually think that the opportunity to continue to do smaller deals, the SKM-scale deals and less is every bit as big as it's ever been, and I think they are considerably lower risk. I think the premiums that you have to pay for the earnings are considerably lower as well. And so when I look at the whole thing kind of on balance, if anything, I think it will allow us to accelerate our growth in terms of getting good acquisition deals and then being able to leverage those. Big public company deals still scare me, frankly.
Craig L. Martin: There's no question in my mind that the spending has become a bit more choppy in the telecom business. We've seen some customers pull back in one area, advance spending in another area, ship suppliers. The net effect of all that, at least as we sit here today, for us, has been positive, it's allowed us to increase our share. And we think we're going to be able to continue to do that. I still think we're on track for that being a $1-billion business in a very short period of time, looking forward.
Craig L. Martin: Pipeline continues to look good. There's probably 80 or so -- 80 to 85, I guess, would be the right range of those kinds of projects out there. Probably average size is something like $200 million, although they're quite widespread. So it's plus or minus maybe $15 billion, $17 billion of the investment. We think we're about 40% through the award cycle for those projects, maybe a little better. I didn't look at it for this quarter's review, but last quarter, we were right at 40% awarded, 60% yet to award. So there's still a substantial amount of work out there. And of course, the awards start in the FEED cycle, so there's still a substantial amount of EPC or EPCM work to be awarded even in the 40% that have been awarded on a FEED basis. We've done very well. I think I cited last quarter about 50% of the ones that have been awarded have been awarded to us. And that's, I think, a pretty good hit ratio in this industry. And I have every reason to think that's going to continue. A number of the customers are continuing to be able to buy credits or otherwise work around the tier 3 rules, so I think that's driving some slowness in the award cycle. I would've told you a year ago that almost everything would be awarded by now. But as I said, we still got about 60% to go. So good opportunities, good outlook going forward. We are finding people who have just completely avoided the problem, they are all going to have to address the tier 3 regulations, it's just a matter of timing.
Craig L. Martin: Let me separate international competitors into 2 categories. So one category would be Japanese, Koreans, Chinese, Indians, some of the more low-cost EPC-lump-sum-oriented organizations. We generally don't compete with those companies and so I can't really speak to pricing there, although I suspect it's not a fun business to be in right now. We see the big U.S. and European players, so the CB&Is, the Foster Wheelers, the AmEx, the Atkins, as well KBR, URS, AECOM, Fluor, Bechtel, those folks from the States. And there's the place where I'm describing what I see as the cost pressure. So it's not Koreans because -- or those or the Chinese that are affecting our numbers, particularly, it's much more that competitors set of the U.S. and European public companies in the engineering construction space.
Craig L. Martin: Let me speak to that. It isn't at all different from previous acquisitions, in the sense that the issues for integration and both the people issues, the systems issues, the process and procedure issues, are all pretty much the same. And we have applied our learning from the 60-plus previous acquisitions to the integration of SKM. And we've had the benefit, because SKM did a lot of acquisitions, of being able to apply their experience in doing acquisitions as well. And in fact, in some cases, that's made the integration easier because SKM is already accustomed to the kinds of things that had to happen in acquisitions, and so the team expected some of those kinds of changes. The differences in terms of the SKM acquisition are all, for practical purposes, are all relations to the timing. So catching the summer holiday and some of the challenges with the integration costs in the early process, the weak market in mining and minerals, all contributed to a slower start than we usually expect from an integration. But we think we have almost all of that behind us at this point.
Craig L. Martin: I can't probably give you a very good answer. It isn't a conversation I've had with those clients recently. My overall speculation is that it's going to be a factor in their decision making but not a major factor. But as I say, I haven't really had a chance to sit down with the key players and say, "What's this going to mean to you?"
Craig L. Martin: I think the refining business will remain a strength of the company. I think there's significant opportunity out there. As I said in my prepared remarks, I'm more excited about tier 3 and controls-related activities, the ISA work, because I'm -- there's a fairly high degree of certainty that it will happen, and there's a deadline by when it has to take place. I think there are going to be crude slate changes. I think there will be configuration opportunities as well. And those will be a positive, no question about it, but we remain very positive about the refining market, overall.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. Let me start with the midstream/upstream space. We've done a number of very small acquisitions there, and we're in the process of consolidating those. That's starting to get significant traction. We've had a number of awards, a couple of which we've been able to announce, that are fairly significant in terms of North American alliance kind of levels of relationships. So my expectation is that, that will continue to be a good market and we will be able to continue to accelerate our growth there. The challenge is simply that we're starting from a small base. This wasn't a business we were particularly noted for, even 3 years ago. And so we're really -- we're running hard. And I think we're going to start to see some real contribution from that growth. On the telecom side, I think it's very much the same thing. The customers clearly want a first-tier supplier. They are -- in some cases, I think they're happy with the -- one or more of their first-tier suppliers today, there are a couple already. But I think the idea of having another supplier or 2 at that level is very attractive to them. And there are some customers expressing dissatisfaction with their current tier 1 providers, or at least 1 or 2 of them. So I think the opportunity remains very significant, and we're gaining traction every day. That business, I think, will grow pretty rapidly over the next couple, 3 years. And as I've said, I think it won't be long before that's a $1 billion business for us. So both markets, both relatively nascent for Jacobs represent significant growth opportunities.
Craig L. Martin: Well, '13 was a relatively slow year from an acquisitions growth, and I think we had 10% organic growth at the bottom line or pretty close to it. So I think it's a year-by-year thing. And it's a constant challenge. But I don't think long-term 10% organic growth is not something that we should expect. And I don't think long term we can expect -- we should expect less than that 15% compound.
Craig L. Martin: If I can add to that. One of the clear messages to the organization internal to Jacobs' was, look, we're not going to do this every quarter, every year, every other year like some companies. The last time we did something like this was in 1994. The next time we do something like this, I expect to be well retired. So when you say, get -- anything that needs doing in a way of restructuring, you better do it now because you're not going to get another chance. I think that drives the number a little bit as well.
Craig L. Martin: It's pretty broad. There are 1 or 2 culprits I can think of in particular, but I'm not going to mention their names.
Craig L. Martin: Just quickly, thank you all for joining the call and your interest in the company. I think we have a pretty good story. I know you need to see it materialize in the numbers, and we're going to do our best to make sure that it does, and I look forward to having another call soon where we can talk about the results that demonstrate that. Have a good day.
