Steve Demetriou: Thank you, John. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2022 business performance and an update on our newly launched strategy. In March, we shared the details of our new strategy boldly moving forward, which unleashes a culture of inclusion, innovation and inspiration across Jacobs, enabling us to execute against one of the most exciting periods in our company’s history. Our excitement surrounding the new strategy is driven by multiple robust growth opportunities across all lines of business, with additional opportunities to accelerate our performance in the areas of Climate Response, Consulting & Advisory and Data Solutions. For those that are new to Jacobs, we are a professional services company that combines deep technical knowledge across a variety of scientific engineering and technology disciplines with cutting edge proprietary solutions. We serve a diverse set of sectors and global clients that are navigating the need to modernize their infrastructure and supply chains to protect national security, while embarking upon multiyear digital transformations across all facets of their operational environments. This dynamic creates a compelling opportunity for decades of growth for Jacobs. By staying true to our values and purpose, we are a company like no other, reinventing the way we solve problems and shaping the next generation of innovative solutions for our clients. During the quarter, net revenue grew 10% year-over-year with growth across each line of business. Bookings were strong across the company resulting in our revenue backlog up 9% year-over-year with an approving gross profit profile. We were awarded a record level of higher margin professional services and People & Places Solutions, including several strategic wins developing grants that will enable our clients to access funds from the U.S. Infrastructure and Jobs Act as well as an increasing number of larger opportunities entering our sales pipeline. Critical Mission Solutions benefited from the large space intelligence win, we disclosed last quarter, and PA Consulting had another outstanding quarter with 15% reported year-over-year revenue growth and 19% growth in constant currency, while delivering adjusted operating profit margin of 23%. Our Advanced Facilities business continues to achieve record year-over-year growth rates driven by wins in the semiconductor, life sciences, and electric vehicle sectors. Given our increased visibility and confidence for the remainder of the year, we are tightening our fiscal 2022 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook with no change to the midpoint. Looking beyond 2022, we continue to expect strong organic growth with healthy cash flow conversion that affords us the ability to deploy capital for enhanced value creation. Turning to Slide 5. As we outlined during our new strategy launch, we are a purpose-led company with deep domain knowledge and a track record of delivering solutions to combat the global climate crisis. With this sense of urgency top of mind, we have made significant achievements both internally and externally. With approximately $6 billion in revenue driven from ESG and climate-related solutions, we are playing a pivotal role in mitigating one of our generation’s greatest threats. Working with our clients, we are co-creating solutions and energy transition, decarbonization, adaptation, resilience, natural resource, stewardship and ESG business transformation. Similarly, we have delivered on our corporate commitments through our significant emissions reductions and carbon neutrality status. And in April, we took another major step and launched our updated Climate Action Plan to align our net zero commitments with the new recognized international standard. Our ambitious commitments include ensuring every client project we undertake becomes a client response opportunity, achieving net zero emissions across our value chain by 2040 and maintaining carbon neutrality with 100% low carbon electricity for our operations. I’m also proud to share that we are one of the world’s first companies in the first consultancy organization to have validated net zero targets approved by our Science Based Targets Initiative. With that, I’ll turn it over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. Our diverse portfolio has proven resilient, providing us the ability to grow under multiple economic scenarios with an asset-light business model and the ability to manage pricing during an inflationary environment. Given our increased visibility and competence for fiscal 2022, we are tightening our outlook and maintaining the midpoint guidance. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.385 billion to $1.435 billion from the $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion previous guidance. And our adjusted EPS outlook is now in the range of $6.95 to $7.35 from $6.85 to $7.45, previously. Looking past fiscal 2022, our backlog performance and increasing sales pipeline provides us with the continued conviction in achieving the multi-year financial growth targets we provided during our March strategy launch. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: I’ll pick it up here. It’s Steve. So the look on – as far as moving to the other, Kevin talked about PA. But as far as P&PS goes, as Bob said, we’re going to see continued strength in advanced facilities moving through the rest of this year and into the next few years. And then on the back of that, we’re going to start to see the Americas business wrap up, we’re already seeing the pipeline significantly increase, we’ll start to see sequential growth in the second half of this year and P&PS U.S. And we expect that to really start to ramp up more significantly as we enter 2023. As far as the infrastructure stimulus, that incremental $550 billion of money that is going to flow into the U.S., about close to $100 billion has been specifically earmarked for defined programs and projects. And, we’re tracking that and obviously, in the front end of that grant process, early on a lot of that is going to be formulaic. And so that should start to flow nicely as we enter 2023. And then our federal infrastructure business and environmental, because of a lot of the dynamics going on globally should really be also something that’s going to help drive growth. On the Critical Mission Solutions, what’s really playing out nicely as the diversity of our portfolio. Right now, we’re seeing a lot of strength in telecom, obviously, the space intelligence and the fact that that classified win, cyber and intelligence is going to start to ramp up now as the continued resolution that finalized. And the ramp-up of our nuclear businesses is robust. And we have an excellent pipeline of opportunities that should start to hit as we finish up this year, and rolling to 2023. So, all-in-all, we’re pretty excited about the prospects of the second half, and especially as we move into 2023 and beyond. And as far as that gross profit, book-to-bill – the bookings in the last quarter specifically, was more significant and margin because of a higher professional services ratio. And so, what we are seeing is an increase in book-to- bill on our gross profit, as you’ve outlined, that we’re pretty excited about that going forward.
Steve Demetriou: And just to – the one other point about P&PS that as we look at sequentially moving into the third, fourth quarter is the – a margin profile is going to improve with the G&A that we pre-invested that Kevin talked about that held down on margins in the second quarter. We’re going to start to see a significant change in the utilization of that G&A that’s going to give us a much better profile in the second half on a margin.
Steve Demetriou: Yeah, I think, obviously, raising the bottom was an indication of more confidence. The top side, I’d say is, what’s on our mind is the FX uncertainty that’s out there, specifically. And just the question of with all this political activity, geopolitical activity, just how projects and programs are going to get across the finish line and get awarded. We’re confident that there’s no concern about anything getting canceled, it’s really more around just the timing of how things unfold in the second half. And so that’s where we sort of decided to keep our midpoint where it is in spite of the strong second quarter.
Steve Demetriou: Let me go first, and certainly address the strategic investments. We have investments that are supporting the focus 2023 initiatives, which are substantive this year, specifically, and will depending upon how the program goes forward will be less into the future, but more substantive this year specifically. I think the biggest number though, in terms of the investments really are people related, because we’re building up our employee headcount, specifically relative to be able to satisfy the developing pipeline that’s there. And ultimately, when that translates into our backlog and starts to burn, we need to make sure we’re ahead of the curve as it relates to being able to deliver the high quality and strategic value added solutions that we provide to our clients. So that’s the single biggest. So as we start to get that momentum build, which we talked about sequential growth in People & Places and CMS, when you have a particular part of our teams, which are occupied 50% of the time versus 85% of the time that that idle time ultimately is charged to our G&A figure. So as we start to ramp that G&A numbers are going to come, those G&A numbers come down, profitability goes up. And fundamentally, that’s the single biggest investment we’re making this in terms of the people.
Steve Demetriou: Thanks everyone for your attention and focus, and we look forward to talking to you next year. Thanks.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah, look – thanks for the question. It’s a good one. As we’ve seen actually over the last week a significant change in uncertain of the foreign exchange rates, specifically in pound sterling. But we do think that there’s some incremental challenges in the second half relative to the potential associated with that probably $0.05 plus. But it’s almost in the range of being able to offset that with other things going on in our guidance for the year. So as we think about going forward, certainly, there’s an incremental risk profile that’s developed over the last couple of days. But effectively, we’re still holding to the gains at this point in time and we’ll obviously be monitoring that on an ongoing basis.
Kevin Berryman: I think that there’s a couple of things going on as it relates to the mix dynamic. As we have said, in the past, the incremental strength of that business, even over and above kind of what the plans have been, both in our deal model and for the team at PA. They’ve been running at very, very high utilization factors, which we don’t believe is sustainable longer term. So it’s really more about getting back to a utilization rate that’s probably more sustainable longer-term, which mitigates upward trends in gross margin and profitability. But that ultimately, that level of profitability is being held longer-term just because of the incremental strength of the margin profile of the new business coming in. So all-in-all, while it’s a flat margin outlook, it’s a really strong underlying because they’re actually increasing or decreasing their utilization by factors, which has been offset by underlying gross margin improvements in the business.
Kevin Berryman: Look, the dynamic associated with calling out of the CMS is really, because of the strong growth that we’re seeing in the second half of the year, what CMS wanted to make sure that we call that out. It’s not editorial comment on lack of growth in People & Places. We do believe sequentially, we’re going to be able to see some growth as we get into Q3, and when you compare to the year ago figures that that means an accelerating level of growth as well. So look it’s not necessarily in the double-digit figures that we were talking about in CMS, but we see sequential growth in third quarter versus second quarter, even stronger in Q4 versus Q3. So, we think, we’re getting positioned for a strong Q2 – 2023 as a result of that. So look, I think, what’s really attributed to the teams here is a great work that our program management office is doing and really highlighting and helping sort out the incremental monies that are going to be coming into play for the infrastructure bill, and helping our customers figure out when that’s going to hit where they aren’t going to be able to gain access. And I think that’s going a long way for us to start to identify that longer-term build in our infrastructure pipeline. So we’re feeling pretty good about it.
Kevin Berryman: No. Look, let me go to the G&A first and talk about that really is a matter of timing, as to when we’re making the investments as opposed to one we’re not. And so think about it really from a timing perspective, in terms of the management of our programs, and we don’t pre-spend when we don’t need to. So ultimately think about it from a timing perspective, that’s really all it is, Andy. As it relates to the other issue on tax, but effectively, as we’ve talked about in the past, beginning last year, we took to on our adjusted tax rate, just to book to what our expected effective tax rate is going to be for the year. And then, of course, our GAAP rate fluctuates around that either plus or minus relative to that. So really, this is just an adjustment to get back to put that effective tax rate is going to be on an adjusted basis for the full year. Until which time we think that number is different, we will always book to that adjusted figure in the quarter so that really is all it is. And it’s just the difference between the GAAP and the adjusted figure that we expect for the full year. Hopefully, that’s clear.
Kevin Berryman: Look, as I outlined in our previous remarks earlier in the call. And yes, look, I think there’s a multitude of things. There’s a little bit of incremental revenue we’ll see from the ramp on the Idaho project. That’s not the driver. That’s ultimately a small piece of it. It really is the incremental space intelligence business that’s starting to burn relative to the wind that we announced. I think it was last quarter and that’s going to be helping drive some incremental growth. And then, of course, we also are seeing good cybersecurity ramp in terms of the continuing resolution was putting pressure as it relates to that opportunity. So those are all positives, as it relates to telecom, while it’s not a huge part of our business. It is a high growth business that’s occurring, given the focus on the 5G stuff. So all of that added together, I think, exhibits the power of the diversity of the portfolio within CMS. And until we’re excited about getting back to really strong growth numbers in Q3 and Q4, and we’ve been calling out that we expected it to happen, and now it’s going to be happening.
Kevin Berryman: Yeah, we – thanks, Jamie, for the question. We like the investment in the shares at this current time. But that doesn’t mean that there aren’t a list of opportunities on the M&A side that that could potentially be executed against with the recent large settlement that we will be paying out in relative to the impacts. We’re probably not doing any real large deals at this particular point in time, but certainly given the dislocation in our share price over the last few months. So we’d like that investment. So I think, certainly, repos are in the mix and probably maybe some smaller acquisitions.
Bob Pragada: Strong. I think that right now that business, Bert, it’s anywhere from 12 to 18 months kind of look forward, sometimes 6 for the first time in a long time for us being in that space. We’re seeing visibility from a pipeline perspective well into 2023, and in certain cases into 2024. So, in this strategy cycle, it will play a play on material part.
Bob Pragada: Sure. Yeah, I did. So, incrementally, when you look at it from Q2 to Q2 standpoint, 2021 to 2022. But if you look at the bookings profile of what we accomplished in Q2, and how those jobs burn over the course of the next 2 to 3 quarters, it is a unique inflection point that we’re seeing in the business. And those are on the front end studies, and on some of these more lumpy jobs that were actually already in the planning mode. And now when the CR  was approved, and monies were available. These were the immediate recipients of these jobs, which are going to really hone in on that design component. So we’re actually feeling good outside of the U.S., we are seeing some of the biggest rail and transit opportunities haven’t booked them yet. But we’re in the middle of them that we have in quite a bit – quite a long time, specifically in the UK and in Australia, so overall positive.
Bob Pragada: Yeah, Bert is both. Semiconductor side, it’s really kind of the concentration of clients that we have and those clients being on the forefront of the chip shortage. And as well as one of those clients that we’ve talked about before also changing a bit of the business model to become more of a foundry. So that’s extending out that visibility. From an EV perspective, the biggest one is one that’s driving some of that visibility and the spend that company is going through, but these not just the classic OEMs, the Fords, the GMs. But we’re seeing kind of this next generation of EV providers come into play, which is giving us greater visibility to 2023 and beyond. So we’re getting that information from our clients not necessarily exclusively market data.
