Steve Demetriou: Thank you, John, and thanks to all of you for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2021 business performance at key initiatives. As the pandemic lessens its impact here in the United States, it's vital to recognize the significant struggles that are still occurring throughout the world, especially in India. Jacobs made an immediate donation to the United Way in New Delhi for critical medical supplies. And I'm particularly proud of our company and employees who together have donated $200,000 through our internal giving platform collectively. We have and will continue to support those that are still being impacted by the pandemic, including, for example, our operations in the Philippines. Turning to Slide 4. Before discussing our second quarter results, it's important to continue to reiterate how we think about our business by aligning and executing against our long-term strategy to drive superior value for our stakeholders. We take a multiyear approach to our rigorous strategy formation. This long-term mindset involves proactively assessing and aligning our portfolio toward large secular growth opportunities where we can deliver sustained double-digit profit growth. The transformation that Jacobs has undergone over the last several years has created significant value measured by relative total shareholder return. As you have seen from our recent organic actions, the PA Consulting investment and the acquisition of the Buffalo Group, we believe there's a significant opportunity to deliver differentiated, digitally enabled solutions as the world accelerates its efforts to modernize infrastructure, improve global supply chain and enhance national security. We have started the development of our new corporate strategy for fiscal year 2022 to '24, which we will present to the investor community later this year.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong first half performance and the benefit from the PA consulting investment, we're raising our full year guidance ranges. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.2 billion to $1.27 billion versus our previous outlook of $1.075 billion to $1.155 billion. We expect adjusted EPS to now be in a range of $6 to $6.30 versus our previous outlook of $5.30 to $6. Looking beyond fiscal 2021, with optimism building around a major US stimulus package and significant opportunities related to climate change and digital modernization, we are positioned for strong revenue and double digit adjusted EBITDA growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: We're not going to provide any guidance relative to 2022 at this point in time. But I think we're feeling pretty good about the developing momentum. So we certainly, as we work through it, I think it's important to note Steve's comments relative to we're not going to go after everything. We're going to go after those things that ultimately give us the best margin potential. So I think we're excited about what ‘22 can ultimately look to and certainly, I would suggest it's probably not going down.
Steve Demetriou: Just to build on the other part of your question, Jerry, is PA Consulting did a really great job on positioning themselves to win in sort of COVID solutions, and Bob talked about that and still got some runway on it. But what they're also now seeing is several of there are other markets picking up and so that bodes well as some of the COVID work starts to phase out this other work phasing in.
Steve Demetriou: We couldn't be better positioned from a standpoint of the M&A activity that's behind us. Obviously, CH2M combined with Jacobs positions us to be the major player here. And by the way that we can't keep getting to remind everyone, one of the biggest acquisitions in our industry going very well. When you look at what we paid for that compared to what it's generating today, extremely attractive financially but obviously, Jamie, helps us position to be a big winner. But then you have on top of that the PA Consulting acquisition, which now provides end-to-end capability from front end consulting all the way through delivery and ultimately things like O&M, et cetera. So from a climate change extent. So as far as other M&A, we're going to continue to look at things that can move us up the food chain from a margin standpoint, possibly some geographic expansion. But as far as the US infrastructure stimulus opportunity, I think we're extremely well positioned with the organic capability we have today. And on the climate change side, when you look at the $5 billion, it's really wide ranging of what we're in. But as you look at the growth going forward, it's going to be everything from how do we help our clients adapt and mitigate. So whether it's C-level rise, or flooding, or bush fires and droughts, the whole energy transition equation moving away from fossil fuels into clean energy, and that's both working with our government and private clients, eveyone is looking to reduce their carbon footprint, that’s where we come in around the whole decarbonization and eliminating or reducing greenhouse gases and then things like natural resource stewardship, which is critical across the globe. It's a global opportunity. We’re positioned well as an end to end solutions provider and bringing some unique tools and innovation, because it’s going to require digital transformation to achieve these type of climate change transformative expectations by our clients.
Steve Demetriou: Chad, I think we missed the first part of your question. It sounds like it's around cyber, but can you just kind of reask it and you summarize it.
Steve Demetriou: We're actually in the middle of it right now and I can't speak too much into the details, but the events I think that you were highlighting over the weekend, we are engaged on that, too. Kind of the portal there on leveraging it in the private sector has been our strong heritage also in the private sector with the other portfolio offerings that we have. Specifically, if it's in the hydrocarbon space, we did quite a bit of environmental remediation and regulatory work in that space. Using that as the portal in order to bring in our cyber expertise, whether it’d be OT or IT has been a strong initiative and we're seeing some traction there, not just in an emergency situation but also as a part of cyber hardening of these companies. And then in other private sectors that we have, whether it’d be facility, specialized manufacturing. All those things that we do for the government, the road map points to our ability to leverage our longstanding private sector relationships and do the same. So you'll see more of that coming in the coming months and coming quarters.
Steve Demetriou: So a couple of comments, Michael, first one on on the margin front or the percent of revenue that SG&A represents. We're still in a good spot relative to historical numbers. So don't think of this as being something that's going to be a big challenge for us, but we do find it necessary to make these investments. I think the next comment I would make is that's what Focus 2023 is really all about to ensure that we get improved operating leverage through the process and system enhancements that we're talking about, which will allow us as the growth dynamic begins to accelerate, which we talked about, assuming it's going to happen in 2022, and that's going to be really important for two reasons, one, to get the operating leverage. But I think the other way to think about it is if we can get that growth and afford ourselves the same ability not to hire at the same level that we've had to in past growth spurts, that's going to be really, really strong for us. So there obviously is a war for talent. And to the extent that we're going to be able to supply that incremental growth with less headcount having to be added to support it that's going to be a big positive for us.
Steve Demetriou: There's more than we intended. In fact, what we've done -- so I mean the headline is the level of engagement and the collaborative pursuits that we have is strong. And just to quantify, we kind of thought that we would be in that maybe 40 to 50 type collaborative pursuits that would have 12 to 18 month gestation period to them, that number’s -- probably double that right now, and we're getting heavily engaged and we see that getting even stronger as travel restrictions come down and we're able to jointly see clients together as well. So very strong and I think it's contributing to our optimism as we look forward.
Steve Demetriou: We've talked about it for several quarters. We're exiting two low margin large contracts. The Hanford contract and the classified contract that we've spoken about before. When you exclude those two, are critical and you exclude the acquisitions, our base business is growing. I think it's somewhere in the 8% range. And then you add on top of that, obviously, the benefit of the acquisitions that are continuing to ramp up with that on a year-over-year basis more than our -- some of them weren't on our numbers. So I think that we're feeling good about everything that we've talked about with regard to the -- where we're aligned with the growth trends, even though there's a flat defense budget. The things like Space Intelligence and hypersonics, and several of the other items that we mentioned are actually growing nicely. And so there's a lot of shift in funding. Even the DoD climate change initiatives to modernize their infrastructure in the Department of Defense that's helping us. And so overall, we're very pleased with the revenue growth in Critical Mission Solutions.
Steve Demetriou: Thank you. So as I close the call, our thoughts are with the people, our people in India, including our Jacobs colleagues, and we'll continue to support them in dealing with the current significant challenges of the pandemic. Looking to the future, we're excited about our strong performance and our solid foundation that provides Jacobs as we develop our new strategy and chart an existing future together, and an exciting future together. Thank you.
Bob Pragada: Thank you, Steve. Moving on to Slide 6 to review the quarterly performance for our Critical Mission Solutions business. During the second quarter, our CMS business continued its strong performance and our workforce is executing at pre-pandemic levels as COVID-19 vaccines are administered broadly across our operational sphere. Total CMS backlog is at $9.8 billion, representing 7% year-over-year growth and up 6% pro forma, excluding the lower margin hampered and classified procurement contract we have previously discussed. The CMS strategy is focused on revenue growth and margin expansion by offering technology enabled solutions aligned to critical national priorities that drive innovative outcomes. Similar to last quarter, I will discuss four notable market trends positively impacting our CMS business: space exploration intelligence, all source intelligence, digital modernization and clean energy. Beginning with space exploration and intelligence. From idea to operations, Jacobs delivers know how and value to every stage of the space system life cycle for our civil and national security space plan. NASA leads this global exploration and development of deep space with its Artemis program that will carry astronauts to and from the moon surface and beyond. As NASA's largest service provider, Jacobs is involved in many aspects of the Artemis mission, including the space launch system, the Orion spacecraft and the exploration ground systems based at Kennedy Space Center. We are proud to have expanded our NASA support to the Wallace Flight facility located in Virginia, and are now providing full life cycle operations and testing that deploy expertise we have developed at other NASA centers. We remain heavily engaged in the NASA mission portfolio, including the recent support of the SLS hot fire test in the design, fabrication and full deployment of the calibration device on the Perseverance Rover now exploring Mars. NASA continues to enjoy strong bipartisan congressional support with preliminary FY22 budget, including a 6% increase over 2021. We also support the DoD's joint all domain intelligence initiative, utilizing satellite connectivity in space and adding more capacity for intel analysis, such as our successful Mango One launch earlier this year. Overall, defense based spending was up 28% in FY21 and is expected to show strong growth in FY22 as well. Moving on to all source intelligence. Today's threat levels require intelligence analysts to utilize and coordinate multiple sources, including human, signal, open source, geospatial and measurement and signature to allow for better decision making in real time. The Buffalo Group acquisition greatly expanded Jacobs' all source intelligence capability. We were awarded two exciting wins from the Defense Intelligence Agency in the quarter. Jacobs will provide counterterrorism analytical expertise for the Defense Combating Terrorism Center, DCTC, and integrated intelligence centers and direct support of war fighters around the globe. We were also awarded a prime seat on the $12.6 billion Solutions for Information Technology Enterprise, or SITE III, IDIQ to address the evolving IT requirements vital to the security of the United States. All those specific classified budget details were not provided in the preliminary budget, redirection of funds towards emerging cyber and intelligence threats from states are anticipated.
Bob Pragada: Maybe the add on the competitive climate, So Joe, where we sit with regard to framework agreements that we've had, not just in the US, but stimulus is also affecting the UK and Australia and other locations around the world, are pretty ideal for where those monies would flow. So if you look at transportation frameworks, water frameworks that we've been on for several years, it's going to position us extremely well. And those are pretty secure because the money needs to flow pretty quickly. So coupled with the fact that we're on these higher end services, I think the competitive climate we stand will fair well.
Bob Pragada: Jerry, I think the client engagements and the client stickiness call it, is solid. And so yes, the size of the engagement might be different than we would have historically seen at kind of Jacobs. But the longevity with their clients really just from the technology and the value they're contributing shows the future to be really bright. So we're feeling very positive.
Bob Pragada: I think that the adjacent and knock on effects of what we're doing, not just exploration but how that feeds into intelligence is strong. If you look at the Mango One launch, the application centered around intelligence but also the application into 5G and other commercial applications is going to continue to broaden markets that we haven't had exposed to in the past. So other things that Steve said is really expanding that aperture on the applications.
Bob Pragada: Yes, I think it's just staying on that digital theme, Steve, and we're looking at it both externally and internally. So for example, rationalizing our internal platforms on how we transact our business is going to have derivative benefits. Kevin's talked about it before with regards to operating leverage. And then externally, if you have to point to one, it really is around the digitization of our offering. So autonomous design, machine learning, looking at the digitization of the global delivery model and then how that can provide value solutions in a more efficient way, so it's a big .
Bob Pragada: Michael, let me kind of unpack both sides of that. On the semiconductor side, I'm not sure if you asked about that or life sciences, it is global. It's probably more focused in on the US for us right now. When I say US, US clients as well as agent clients that are building in the US. You're even seeing it in the stimulus bill with President Biden's efforts in order to increase that capacity here on US soil as global supply chains have been kind of rejiggered. And so we do see that having a positive effect on Jacobs. I don't know if it's necessarily six months. It's probably got a longer tail on that and eased through the next 12 to 24 months, but that's a strong trend. And it's both not only on the logic side but it's also on memory chips and some of the lower end chips that you're hearing from some of the automotive issues that are going around. Online sciences, that is probably more global as it pertains to us, and that is the rebalancing of the product portfolio, all of this attention that’s been placed on vaccines, specifically around the coronavirus. Great development that's happening within the oncology world. And as I said in the remarks, that's driving a real need for contract manufacturing, probably like nothing we've seen in history because of the volumes that are needed and the speed to market around these new therapies. So overall, really, really solid picture for at least the next couple of years.
