Steve Demetriou: Thank you, Kevin. Our purpose to create a more connected sustainable world has never been more relevant to now as advances in data analytics and edge computing power are unlocking our ability to deploy innovative technologies related to climate change, infrastructure and national security. Our proactive portfolio management to align ourselves to these long-term secular growth opportunities has provided us the ability to grow under multiple economic scenarios and even during the pandemic. We are now entering a stage where we are experiencing growth across all of Jacobs, and we expect accelerating top line growth throughout the rest of this fiscal year. We are maintaining our fiscal 2022 outlook for adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion and our adjusted EPS outlook of $6.85 to $7.45. Beyond the current fiscal year, our sales pipeline and robust end markets indicate continued strong performance. As I stated earlier, we anticipate approximately $10 of adjusted EPS at fiscal 2025, with the potential for upside driven by deploying additional investment in our growth accelerators of climate response, data and high-value consultancy. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Steve Demetriou: So Jerry, we are going to – this is going to be a big topic for us coming up in Investor Day investor – the whole investor event, Jerry. So, not to deflect the detailed side of your question, but I think we are going to lay all that out and it’s going to be pretty exciting. It’s unfolding now every quarter. I mean the wins that we talked about, Bob mentioned this first-ever Jacobs opportunity to do the first-ever inductive charging system on a public road like the Midwest is a great example. What we are now doing in the U.S. and Europe to address resiliency and renewable energy logistics with underground cables, the PMG one being the specific opportunity. Green hydrogen, we have got a huge wind program, several big, huge wind programs across the globe. These are all unfolding now and we will be ramping up that number that you quoted literally every quarter as we proceed. So, we are going to get into that detail, but it’s everything from decarbonization, energy transition, resilience, mitigation, adaptation, it’s – and we will be spelling out some specific growth targets during the investor week.
Steve Demetriou: Yes. So, let me start the answer. I think what’s important about StreetLight is we have been doing business with them for the last 6 years, so we have a lot of experience with them and have proven success. They are a validated, capability trusted, especially in the DOTs, Department of Transportations here in the U.S., although they have been focused on a handful or so of these Department of Transportations directly. And now what we bring is the opportunity to unleash that because we are one of the leading players in transportation not only in the U.S. but globally. The whole opportunity with StreetLight is a multimodal capability, which is unique in the industry. So, they are accessing data from mobile devices, connected vehicles, geospatial, IoT sensors. And then they have a very unique process technology and with very strong algorithms and being able to create data and visible insights that will lead to climate change solutions and being able to move infrastructure to underserved communities and the whole host of infrastructure needs in the transportation sector. And then specifically from a Jacobs’ standpoint, the big opportunity is that we see the opportunity to work this technology into other infrastructure sectors where we are industry-leading like water, environmental, building environment. We are able to co-develop new products with them, bring this internationally, especially in areas like UK, where we are a major player in transportation and other markets in Asia, etcetera. And so it’s – we see a tremendous opportunity is the reason why we expect greater than 30% revenue growth in this business over the next several years per year.
Steve Demetriou: Look, I think this is the sort of anticipated win, and we are very limited in what we can talk about because of the classified nature. But it’s got a phasing approach to it, but this was the critical phase to win. And so now the momentum is going to start to build. And well – again, we are going to provide some more information during investor week. But what we see is that the way this thing can phase over the next several years and what it’s got us into now is an opportunity to create a $0.5 billion rapid solutions business. And we will provide some more details on how we see that sort of unfolding when we get to investor week.
Steve Demetriou: Look, just to put a perspective on that question because it really is important of what you brought up is that we have been involved as a company over the last 5 years to 10 years in the NASA intelligence arena on big data and digital transformation, intelligent assets. And so now taking that platform and with the acquisitions of KeyW, Buffalo Group, BlackLynx and StreetLight over the last 3 years or so. And then add on top of that, our new venture capital strategy of seed investments and partnerships with the likes of Hawkeye 360 and Microgrid Labs. And then a big data partnership ecosystem that we have developed and putting that all together, we are now poised and positioned with a large-scale capability for transformative data solutions across all of our Jacobs’ domains. And that is a strategy we are going to continue to build on. In addition to climate, which we have talked about earlier in this call, this whole data solutions is going to be a big part of what we are going to talk about in the investor week and touch on the rest of your questions as we go forward.
Steve Demetriou: I think we believe it’s a combination because I do think what you commented on, what we have acquired and built both organically and with previous M&A, we feel like we are a large-scale player now. And so therefore, our – when we wake up every day, our priority is organic growth off of that platform. Secondly, any acquisition we do going forward is going to be rigorously compared to the alternative of buying back stock. And we have done that in the past. We will continue to do it. What may have looked like a pretty bold price on some previous acquisitions are now looking amazingly attractive in short periods of time. And PA is a great example, if you just – in less than a year, the whole multiple profile of our acquisition is amazingly attractive. I will just leave it like that. So, I think it’s going to be a combination of going forward, that we will continue to invest in Jacobs and look at our stock buybacks. But from time-to-time, we are going to continue to build out this capability that we are really excited about. And – but it has to be a situation where we believe over the course of the first few years, we will all look back and say it was a very attractive price and not overpaying for something just because we got to get bigger. And that’s – I think we have proven that in the past and we will continue to do that as we go forward.
Steve Demetriou: Okay. Thank you everyone. We look forward to hopefully having a good engagement during investor week with many of you. Take care.
Kevin Berryman: So, let me take the first part, for sure, Jamie. This is Kevin. On the CMS margin profile, what we are going to be seeing in the last three quarters of this year is the ramp-up of our large Idaho nuclear contract, which is, as you know, has a slightly lower margin profile than the balance of the business. So, that’s what’s creating the 8% to 9% kind of figures that we talked about for the balance of the year. As we go into ‘23 and beyond, though, we really do believe that the ramp-up of the satellite work and various other items that are in backlog and/or in the pipeline, which we expect some success on, will result in us being able to start to build that margin profile up again, hopefully beyond 9% in 2023.
Kevin Berryman: Yes, Andy, we feel pretty darn confident actually. There is a couple of things that are going on. The year ago comparison starts to dramatically change because of those two contracts having fallen off the year ago comparables to a large extent. So, by default, that underlying growth that we are showing actually in Q1 of 5% is going to do nothing, but get better as it relates to the numbers. So, while the kind of the headline number was the falloff in revenue, the underlying health of the business is at that number we talked about, 5%. So, you got the ramp-up of the Idaho project, which is going to be a substantive build in Q2 and then three and four as well. And look, I think the continuing resolution is impacting the piece of the portfolio that you would expect it primarily in the areas of, let’s call it, cyber intelligence communities. But that – while that’s an important part of our portfolio, it’s not the biggest part. And so we are seeing some slowdown there, but we also see backlog and wins just waiting to be executed against. And we see all of that being able to happen a little less in Q2, but certainly Q3 and four. So, the ramp there is certainly robust in the remainder of the year and especially in Q3 and Q4.
Kevin Berryman: Just to maybe add a little bit there is that you talked about sequential numbers. And we would expect that Q1 of the year is going to be the low point for the Americas business. And we will start to see sequential growth going off of those numbers through the balance of the year.
Kevin Berryman: And that starts to happen primarily in ‘23, the build on the project. So, the ramp will be likely mostly in ‘23.
Bob Pragada: And Jamie, on the semi side, clearly, it’s a growing part of our overall portfolio. We have been in the space for over 20 years, and the customer that we have kind of been on the forefront of is in fact, Intel and proud that we could even announce that for years that we couldn’t previously. So, you will start to see it in the numbers as it becomes even a bigger part of our portfolio. But I think the good news is that as Intel diversifies not only in the U.S. but outside the U.S., we are right there with them as their critical technical and engineering partner. So, that’s going to be a big piece of our business.
Bob Pragada: Sure. So Josh, the first part of the question is that if you look at kind of the cyber spectrum and then how it pertains to the overall ISR approach, I would kind of break it down into four main areas, on where we play and then there is the product component of it as well. So, the whole perspective around readiness, operations, insights and then new products development on creating platforms in order to even provide more security or more readiness or more insights is kind of how we look at it. And over the years, the acquisitions that we have done have now put us in a pretty premier spot of that. So, I think that, that is something that is going to continue to grow and puts us in multiple parts of that value chain in the ISR field. On the second part around GEOpod and what we are doing on the geospatial side, that really is an agricultural – there is clearly all kinds of applications as it pertains to infrastructure. The win that I was referencing is the commercial clients that looks at the whole kind of agricultural profile of, right now the U.S., but where we have these applications elsewhere too, and really helps on weather patterns and how the whole agricultural industry can be more efficient as the effects of almost the previous question, climate change, come into play. So, it’s a nice kind of coordinated skill set that we have that even makes us bring that much more value for our clients.
Bob Pragada: Yes. So Steve, I would say two things. Yes, the second part of your question first, we do see a growing pipeline in our Americas infrastructure business, and that’s coming through in the bookings. And so I talked about the backlog growth for the entirety of the LOB. Our design business in the U.S., specifically around infrastructure, probably led the way on that backlog growth that we saw. So clearly, on the base business, without even the infrastructure bill, we are seeing the growth there. And then as the infrastructure bill, we are starting to see some tailwinds coming in, at least on a project basis from that, too. So, we are positive on that front. From a seasonality standpoint, I would say that it goes back to what Kevin said earlier. We saw growth. We also saw some costs come in with regards to medical costs and otherwise as well as preparation for people that we know are going to be full utilization as we progress the year. So, we like what we see.
Bob Pragada: Yes, Andy, it is a tough market. And – but we – I think the cultural priorities that we have been focused in on over the 5 years-plus is really starting to – well, it has been paying dividends, but it’s continuing to be on the forefront. So, yes, there is challenges. Our attrition levels are remaining actually pretty steady. And we are confident that we will continue to be able to grow despite those labor challenges. The other part I would say is that this is where the globality of our business really, really makes a difference, because we are able to source talent and expertise from our global platforms to deliver solutions locally. And that has really been accentuated and magnified during this period of some labor dynamics. So, we do feel like we are really well positioned for it.
Bob Pragada: Yes. Lou, you must have some superhuman powers on looking at what our deck looks like for the Investor Day, but the answer is yes. And it really gets exciting when you look at – these are algorithms that either index, filter or identify areas of risk in any type of data and data sets. And so the application of what we have to the infrastructure world is a natural transition. And we have already been working on that now. That, coupled with partnerships that we have in the marketplace, there is not an infrastructure project right now with major agencies, both in the U.S. and the UK, across the world in Australia, where we don’t have a cyber component that’s with it. So, we are in process of doing that right now for our clients, and that’s going to become a bigger part of our business as we continue to go forward. But you appropriately said, it’s a great skill set as cyber threats become as big of any threat that we have.
