John Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and good morning, everyone. I'll go over the financial highlights for the quarter and the year briefly, and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin for overview of the business.  If you turn to Page 4 of the slides, you'll see the information that was also contained in the press release that went out this morning. We did have a good quarter with diluted EPS of $0.74, which was on earnings of $ 94 million -- $94.3 million for the quarter. For the year, the earnings were $2.60 per share and the net earnings were $331 million. Backlog grew nicely, both from the quarter, prior quarter and from prior year to $14.3 billion, and I'll touch on that in a minute. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet. Cash continued to grow, with our cash balance over $900 million. The net cash also grew to -- by over $100 million to $337 million. We are initiating guidance for our fiscal 2012 in a range of $2.80 to $3.20 per share.  Turning to Slide 5, this gives a track of the history of our earnings over the last 10 years, and I think the 2 points I'd like to make on this slide is, one, that this year, we did show a turnaround after a couple of years of decreasing earnings. We've now picked back up, and this represents the third best year in our history. I think just as importantly, as we talk about our long-term growth prospects and such that even with this recent downturn and now in a period of recovery, we still are delivering better than a 15% compounded bottom line growth rate, which is something we've had as a target for a long time.  Moving on to Slide 6, looking at our backlog, it was a very good sales quarter. Our net bookings were over $3 billion, bringing our total backlog to $14.3 billion. That's a little more than 2% increase quarter-over-quarter and a little over 8% increase from last year. Even stronger growth we saw in the professional services side, where we ended the quarter at $9.1 billion. That's up from $8.7 billion last quarter and from $7.6 billion a year ago. So year-over-year growth is about 20%. And actually, this represents the highest professional service backlog that we've ever reported. So I guess we can claim a record in that category.  Moving forward, well, that kind of wraps up the financials. So I'll just now turn it over to Craig to talk about the overview for the quarter and for the year.
John Prosser: Well, you're correct. We don't give guidance within guidance. I guess, you've listened to these conference calls long enough. But yes, we are still in the middle of uncertain markets and while things are looking positive in many of the markets, timing is still issues and there's still things that are causing short-term disruptions. Just hiring people is starting in some markets to get a little more difficult than it was, say, 6 months ago. And so timing of how we bring people on and how we ramp up on these projects can affect the quarter-to-quarter kind of run rate. Clearly, we think that the prospects for the full year are strong and that, like I've said before, as we give guidance, we tend to give fairly broad, but we feel most comfortable usually in the kind of middle part of that range. But I think we might not have as nice and smooth quarter-to-quarter kind of growth as we used to demonstrate maybe when we were having some consistent growth and you might see a little bit more of a quarter-to-quarter volatility in that -- particularly, in the first half and then a little -- maybe more consistent strength as we move into the second half.
John Prosser: I would expect margins to be similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. They were up a little bit from the third quarter, although some of that gets -- is more from things like working overtime. And as we ramp up on people and such that has little bit impact on our G&A but it has a stronger sometimes impact on our gross margins and such. The real key to the margins, particularly the gross margins, are going to be just when we start seeing some of the construction activity picking up, because as we continue to ramp up and see close to 60% of our revenue coming from professional services, it should have margins in the range we are seeing now. As we start seeing the construction come in and that mix getting back more towards the traditional, say, 50/50 or 55/45 kind of mix, you'll see a pressure, particularly on the gross margin but even some pressure on the operating margin because we just -- as we've said before, the PL services tend to have a little bit lower -- significantly lower gross margins but a little bit lower operating margins when all is said and done.
John Prosser: Well, I think it represents a little bit better confidence. But as we've said, with the backlog growing, that certainly gives us a little bit better confidence. But we've intentionally kept guidance fairly wide because we can.
John Prosser: Well, as we said earlier, I think last quarter, with where Aker is and then picking up a little bit of bigger contribution from outside the U.S., that's having a positive impact on our tax rate, there's always -- because of mixes from quarter-to-quarter, you'll get a little bit of fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. But we would expect to see the tax rate ongoing somewhere in the around 35%, 35.5% range. This was a little bit lower than that. But certainly, it wasn't a wide variation from what we'd expect.
John Prosser: We don't focus a lot on revenue growth because a lot of it will depend on just when construction starts kicking in and such. But to get to a 15% bottom line growth rate, we do not necessarily need to have a 15% top line growth rate. We would expect probably something in -- around the 10%, 11% because that's kind of the increase we'd expect to see at the margin level as long as we can control the -- our cost level and keep that moving at a lower rate than what our margins are. So I think that that's the model we've kind of always used and anticipated. So I would say that probably we'll not see as high a top line growth as what we'll see on the bottom line.
John Prosser: And you’ve got to remember a lot of the activities was Southern Hemisphere, so coming out of the summer up here is going into the summer down there.
John Prosser: Well, that is true. We still have a very strong focus in the primary use for our cash, and the strength of our balance sheet is to grow the business through acquisitions. We currently, as I said, have $900 million or so of cash. We do have some debt that we still have scattered around the world related to the acquisitions we've done this year. But it still gives us a very strong position to continue to do acquisitions. And I think as we've said in the past, we would not be afraid for the right deals and/or right deal to be in a position where we were even, say, up to $1 billion in net debt. So that would not over leverage our balance sheet. I would still say that we had a very strong balance sheet, and with our cash generating capacity, would be something that we could pay down fairly regularly.
John Prosser: No. It will be at the Q or the K will be filed at the end of the week or beginning of next week, and so we'll get into that detail then. But clearly, our cash balances were up by a couple -- or net cash was up by $100 million, so the cash flow was positive.
John Prosser: Well, we don't tend to break out acquisitions except for maybe the first quarter or so. And they were positive for the quarter, just like they've been since we acquired them.
John Prosser: Well, there are opportunities both on the upgrader side and on the SAGD and on the mining side of oil sands. The business is dominated by the bitumen recovery, whether it's SAGD or mining. Upgrading is not a mining means, the majority or even half the value of projects that are going up on up there. Now this is get the bitumen out of the ground and off the sand, much more so than it is convert the bitumen into something else.
John Prosser: We don't traditionally break down backlog by individual market sectors. I think what we're seeing is that there's a strong market there and it's a growing market. The 4% that we're showing for the year is -- you've got to remember there's only 8 months of Akers. So it's a little stronger if you just look at it for each quarter. And so just by -- once we get annualized on Aker, we'll be a little bit higher than the 4%. We'll probably be closer to 6% plus some growth. But I think that it is a market that we see a lot of growth in. And Aker traditionally has done more pro services than construction. They've done construction management, but they haven't had a lot of field labor that goes through their books and such like that. So their mix tends to be heavily more weighted toward the pro services. And as we get more involved and bring our construction capabilities there, you'll probably see a pickup in the construction opportunities in that market that go along with their traditional markets.
John Prosser: It goes up and down every quarter as currencies change, but I don't recall that there was anything really significant. I mean there's pluses and minuses, but we just -- we don't usually use that as an excuse or as a benefit.
John Prosser: I think if the question goes to high-value engineering kind of outsourcing i.e. where we're taking private sector projects and outsourcing a significant part of the engineering to India or places like that, that is clearly growing as the markets grow. It is also a significant leverage point for us relative to some competitors, particularly the mid-sized local competitors. And so that part of the business is growing at a dead run. Movements in the rupee are probably not really the significant issue there. I mean, it impacts our P&L a little bit, but the bigger issue is what we -- what the customer is willing to pay or what we can convince them to pay for that Indian engineering hour relative to what they pay for a U.S. or European or Australian engineering hour. And right now the leverage is pretty significant, so that's another real positive for us.
John Prosser: It's not something we forecast. It is things that go up and down and involves asset sales and other things. I know the number was up a little bit, but I don't have the breakdown of the detail for the quarter.
John Prosser: And I think in -- excuse me, in prior quarters we've been pointing more towards '12 as the year when we start seeing the Construction side, the Field Services side of the backlog improving.
John Prosser: Well, primary driver for working -- the overall working capital declining is the borrowing and the acquisitions we've done because right now that debt is offsetting short term. We have seen an increase in our receivables and part of that is in the unbilled in the mix, but that's something we're focusing on. And until we actually release the details, I'm not going to get into the specific numbers at this point.
John Prosser: Again, it's trended up, but we'll wait till the actual numbers are out before I comment on those directly.
Craig L. Martin: Well, let me start with doing what you expected to tell you that I'm still cautiously optimistic, okay? But yes, I think it is true that we're feeling a little bit better about the markets. We are more optimistic about our sales prospects and our ability to grow our sales. We see -- like I said, 2/3 of our business has pretty good markets now. And so you have to think that we're more upbeat even today than we were a quarter ago and certainly more upbeat than we were a year ago. I do think there's still a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace out there. In many ways, for us, I think it's become an imponderable. I just can't tell you what some sort of horrific Greek default will do to our business, so I'm not going to lose any sleep over it. We think the marketplace we're in is a market in which we can continue to grow. So if this sort of not great but not worse market continues, you're going to see the kind of growth out of Jacobs that we've been able to deliver historically. And I guess that's part of where my optimism comes from as well. I love having conversations when the trajectory of our earnings is up, and I pretty much don't like the ones when they go the other way.
Craig L. Martin: Let's see. I think that's a yes to all those questions. Now let me try to work my way through that. I do think we're seeing a little bit of cost pressure but it's relatively mild at this point. Most of the new investment is still in the design, development or detailed design stage and hasn't moved to construction. So pricing pressures on the construction side are still relatively okay today. But logically, you can see as this stuff -- all this stuff moves into construction, that's going to create pressure and pricing will become a challenge. I would say though that customers are more sophisticated today. They have a better understanding how to manage that process and I think it will result in less lumpy behavior than we saw in the previous cycle. So by that, I... [Technical Difficulty]
Craig L. Martin: Yes, actually, I was talking about the fact the activity is less likely to be lumpy because the customers are metering out the work in smaller packages as opposed to big events. And so I think the maturity of the customers in Canada, their decisions to be a little more measured in their approach probably means that cost inflation will be better controlled although there clearly will be some, and that it's less likely you'll see projects go from full speed ahead to canceled as we go forward. The second aspect of your question was about the Keystone Pipeline. My answer was basically that I believe that something, some pipeline, Keystone-like, will get done notwithstanding the presence of unfortunate decision. And I think that customers in Canada are sufficiently long-range minded, that they'll look beyond this immediate issue and continue to make investments with the expectation that there will be a pipeline. If that's wrong, then I think to your third point of your question, which is, was there an opportunity for more upgrading. I think the answer to that would clearly be yes, there will be opportunity for more upgrading. But I think that's a 2014 kind of -- 2015 kind of conversation, not anything that's going to have an immediate impact. My view is that the customers will continue to invest. They will invest in a measured way. And the immediate issues of the Keystone Pipeline are more short term than long.
Craig L. Martin: Yeah. I think when we look at it, the part of our business that is private sector user-fees funded. So that's a public sector piece that's user-fee funded, and the private sector piece is not likely to be affected very much. The part of our business that is Southern Europe, public sector, in particular, I think that will be a challenged piece. But in the aggregate, I honestly think it will continue to be neutral for Jacobs. Now of course, I'm not throwing into that a doomsday scenario. I mean, none of our conversation today or our outlook are based on some sort of end of the world kind of collapse of the financial market. Frankly, I don't think there will be one. But if things go as it appears that they will, I think we'll be okay.
Craig L. Martin: I'll start, and then I'll ask John to weigh in, if he'd like. I think we're going to see continued TPS backlog growth throughout the fiscal '12. I don't really see a reason why we shouldn't expect that to continue to grow. I think, as I said, I expect to start to see new construction awards in fiscal '12 as well. It's a little murky yet, what -- I can't point to a quarter, but increasing as we move to the second half of the year, certainly. So I wouldn't expect Field Services backlog to accelerate right away, certainly. But I think it will start to show some growth as we get into the latter part of '12. It's all dependent, of course, on when projects go to the field and in what form. So there's always a little bit of uncertainty about the timing of those issues. But I think for '12, you should look for good backlog growth in the Professional Services side and an expansion of the Field Services backlog as the year progresses.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I don't think I can say it better than you just said it, Scott. What you described is exactly the perspective we have.
Craig L. Martin: Let me start with the markets that we are in but we could be in, in a much bigger way. Top of the list of those 2 would be oil and gas and mining. We could use a lot more capacity in oil and gas and still be a very minor share player. And so that in terms of what we're looking for, that's still very high on our list. That is probably the one exception to the rule, however, in that we haven't seen much movement down into a rational range for pricing. Mining and minerals, we have great capability to serve a significant part of the mining and minerals market but there's lots of the market that we could serve with new capabilities. So that's another high priority for acquisition. And I think there's a fair amount of opportunity there to make acquisitions to do that. If you go then on to other markets, again, I think I made it clear earlier, we're very upbeat on the IT cyber security space, and I think there are opportunities for us to make acquisitions. The market view that working for governments is a bad thing is probably the perfect time to make acquisitions in businesses that work for governments because I think the pricing will be very attractive. And then as always, we have an interest in the power market. We'd like to be in that in a way that's consistent with our business model. And so that'd be the sort of the fourth category of market. And that would be, relatively speaking, a new business for us if we were to find the kind of acquisition we would like.
Craig L. Martin: Well -- and I would attribute the majority of the positive results to us actually sticking to our strategy and expanding our share. The markets are good, some of them are quite good, but our -- we're getting the majority of our growth by frankly grinding away with our core clients and expanding their share -- our share of their wallet. And that's where I expect our growth will continue to come as we go forward, and we're also benefiting where the markets are good.
Craig L. Martin: I couldn't get to a number, but I'd say the majority of our growth will come from taking market shares.
Craig L. Martin: Well, understand, Avi, part of our business model is rapid integration of these businesses. So the business that was Aker P&C has been broken up into 5 or 6 different parts and merged with Jacobs operations in those parts of the world. So I don't recall what we end up reporting in the K, but it's not a number that I even think about at this point in time because, like I say, there isn't a residual Aker. There's not an Aker number that I look at.
Craig L. Martin: It will be a relatively modest number. It's -- I'm going to say it's almost not material. It's a 450-person pro services-only kind of business. Revenues or -- don't hold me to the exact numbers here, but plus or minus $100 million. So you're going to see backlog. It's a short burn kind of business. You're going to see -- I don't know what you'll see for exactly for backlog, but it won't be a big number.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, but what we end up with huge amounts of holiday and vacation time around, both Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years. And it's enough to impact both SG&A and more importantly enough to impact billable hours in a significant way. And so this quarter is always a little bit on the tough side compared to other quarters in -- if you're trying to draw a linear growth line for the company, the first quarter is the most likely not to be on that line. But it also means SG&A in absolute dollars might be down and in percentage dollars it might be up.
Craig L. Martin: I shouldn't say that. Middle East pricing is still very competitive. Frankly, I think there are a number of our competitors who would really like to try to freeze us out of the Middle East because of our ability to take share. So they're aggressive in their pricing, and we're being aggressive in return. And so you have the relationship side of it, coupled with aggressive pricing, resulting in some nice big awards. Our GES position also is relatively unique, and that's resulting in some nice awards. And that's more on the pure relationship side of the equation than anything else. So it's a mix as it always is, but I think we're rapidly building a strong position from a relationship perspective with key customers in the Middle East.
Craig L. Martin: No, I think India is a completely different example. We probably started where we were in the Middle East in India in the 1993 kind of time frame, 1995. And we have moved through sort of the phase of growing presence to where we are today in India. We're rapidly becoming the dominant engineering company in India. So I'd have to say India is well ahead of the Middle East on that curve, if I understood your question right.
Craig L. Martin: Well, as you said, the mix stayed about the same. I think some of the improvements came from the other factors we talked about, the fact we are adding people, we're adding margins without having to add the space and all the sundry G&As. In this first part of the growth, we get a little extra benefit because we do have some idle space and such. So I think that we saw some of those benefits and -- but I would say that there will always be a little bit of variation from quarter-to-quarter. And I would say that's going certainly through the first half of next year, we would expect to see the mix stay about the same and the margins relatively stay about where they were for this quarter, plus or minus a little bit.
Craig L. Martin: Let me add 2 observations to that. One is that sometimes we get work in a joint venture situation where the revenue recognition gets -- essentially, the revenue falls in a hole. An example of that, without being specific, is we had couple or 3 major awards last quarter from a company in the mining business, mining and minerals industry, but none of that revenue will go through our books. And so we'll see the benefit of some services income and the profit line, the fee line, but you won't see the revenue line and so it didn't go into backlog for the same reasons. Another example, and again sticking in the mining and minerals business, customers award us a fee on a major investment north of $1 billion. I believe, and I have a lot of personal confidence, that we'll get the detail design and the construction of that facility. However, the client is, like some of our clients are, going to release it phase by phase. And until we have the confidence that we're going to get the next phase, we don't put it in backlog. So that's the sort of work I get excited about winning the feed there because I know we'll execute well and we'll get the rest of the work, but it doesn't end up going into backlog.
Craig L. Martin: I have to say I don't think so. As projects progress into detail design, they're moving relatively smoothly into construction. But we are coming off a long period of limited investment and a lot of what I'll call circular studying. And so the real sort of energy or surge, I guess, I would call it behind the TPS backlog is I still think a precursor to a good, strong Field Services backlog. And I don't think it's because of project delays or uncertainty for the most part.
Craig L. Martin: We think the answer to that question is yes. We think we are positioned to pick up some business in a lot of cases for the same reasons that I outlined earlier about tight gas, but it is certainly a little behind on the development curve for us compared to the tight gas side.
Craig L. Martin: Not really in a position or willing to get into the details of billable hours by line of business or anything like that. The problem that gets into pretty competitive data. I will tell you though, that the overall trend in billable hours continues up. The trend line is steady up and has been steady up for some time now. I just updated my own personal forecast of billable hours going forward and the trend line remains steady up. So I think like our hiring, those are good indicators of the general direction of the business.
Craig L. Martin: I didn't mean to imply that there's been any significant increase in the threshold oil price or CapEx in the oil sands. I think it's still in the same range it's been now for a while. But again, of course, as you know, a lot depends on the quality of the reservoir that you're dealing with and extraction costs and those kinds of things. So it's probably what's $60 oil for one customer, it might be $80 oil for another customer in a different location. But I didn't mean to imply that I thought that the threshold had gone up. I don't believe that at this point.
Craig L. Martin: We continue to try to find every opportunity to keep our costs at the lowest possible level. We run a pretty tight ship as it is. So it is not like there's billions of dollars to be gotten out of our cost posture. But we continue to find opportunities to make improvements, decentralize our support of our operations, to buy in quantity. So we continue to see the relative strength of our cost model compared to our competition's cost model. But it isn't something where we'll get dramatic reductions. It's something where we're in a spirit of sort of continuous improvement, will always get a little better. But it's a little better from a pretty good performance level to start with.
Craig L. Martin: I don't think the super committee in and of itself has any impact on that, but we have certainly seen extended acquisition periods. We've seen more protests from incumbents if they lose the recompete. We've seen the same issues with respect to releasing task orders under awarded contract. So there is some delay and drag-out in the national government's arena and that particularly I would put that in the U.S. federal government. What it means is you’ve got to chase more and expect that it will show up a little later, but it doesn't -- we've still been able to continue to make our business function even in spite of that set of delays.
Craig L. Martin: Well, we scrub it routinely and we think that the backlog that we’ve reported is the right number for us, obviously. I think as we sit here today, there's both good news and bad news. One of the folks in the room here was reminding me that there's another good side to this extended procurement process, and that is where we're the incumbent, they're delaying recompetes and we get the benefit of the extended period of performance because of the delays in recompete. So it's not always a bad news story that these things are delayed. But I do think we reflect in our backlog what our expectations are. In some cases, that's the full value. But it's always tempered with what we really expect to obtain from that contract at the time that we're awarded it or the time it goes into backlog. If we find out our expectations were wrong, we make the appropriate adjustments. Sometimes it's up, sometimes it's down.
Craig L. Martin: Not much to say in closing that we haven't said already. I do think the news in our business is generally good. I think we are back on that track to grow at double-digit rates. So I think the business is in the kind of position that makes us proud to be on this call and have this conversation. And I look forward to having a chance to talk with you all again. Thank you, all.
