Robert Pragada: Thank you, Kevin. Turning to Slide 13. Due to our continued momentum across our business, we feel confident in our ability to reach our previously stated objectives and narrow our outlook for FY '23 adjusted EBITDA to a range of $1.42 billion to $1.47 billion and adjusted EPS to $7.25 to $7.45. Finally, with today's announcement, we are reinforcing our continuous commitment to take proactive actions to create greater shareholder value as well as strategic and value-creating benefits for both future companies and their respective stakeholders. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Robert Pragada: Let me answer the backlog growth. Right now, the way our pipeline is lining up, Andy, the answer is yes. We do see consistent opportunity to increase our backlog and grow the business. Part of the 10% constant currency growth on the top line, I think that's going to be dependent on the phasing of the jobs, how these jobs come out, especially on the infrastructure side as well as in our private sector business those early phases of the job tend to be more study and higher-end consulting work. And then as we move through subset phases, kind of where the larger the revenue opportunities are. So I wouldn't want to go and say that that's going to be a consistent quarterly topic but definitely a target if you were to aggregate over a period of time.
Robert Pragada: Actually, we see the backlog potential in CMS being strong. The pipeline of work that we have and not just the rebid but the new work that's coming down the pike they provide some real opportunity for us to continue that backlog growth. So we feel confident about that.
Robert Pragada: Yes, Michael, just to clarify 1 point. We didn't -- actually 5G and automotive are a part of the CMS segment and that's actually what we were reporting today. So I just want to clarify that point. I would say as far as what stays, what goes, we're early in that process. And so to be direct and to provide clarity, it is the CMS segment today.
Robert Pragada: Yes. So on the margins themselves, I mean, I think clearly, it's been a part of our strategy for not just '22 but '19 as well. We are in -- we continue to going up the value chain for our clients. And as we do that and we're getting more into the higher-end consultancy work, we're seeing the incremental effect on our booked margin as far as how that's dropping into the bottom line, I think 2 parts, Michael, that you're highlighting. One is that kind of excellence in project delivery which has been a part of our DNA for decades, that continues to be high on our list on delivering not only to our clients' expectation but within our financial expectation as we're booking these shops. As far as the last part of your question on the timing of that dropping to the bottom line. We're seeing a nice pace in the marketplace. And this kind of goes to all segments of our business. After a period of time, I think, in the beginning of Q1 and maybe in the back half of last year, that was having an effect on our top line and some of our actuals to forecast, that is reconciled back and hence, the performance this quarter. And so all indications that we're getting from our clients is that's going to continue.
Robert Pragada: Yes, Sean, we're constantly looking at our portfolio and doing an evaluation on how we're executing externally with our clients and the effect that, that is having on advancing our strategy. So is it -- to reflect back on what we -- where we were before. I don't think we're doing anything that's different from what we articulated in our strategy. And so we feel confident in the decision that we made today.
Robert Pragada: Yes, Steve, a couple of things. One is that we were pretty clear last quarter that on the quarter-to-quarter or at least Q1, that had some project incentive releases that were onetime. As far -- so another way of saying we need to really take a look at the year-over-year comparisons. And then the -- for all of us to be aware that we put margin targets out at our Strategy Day. And just to do kind of a midterm report on that, we are actually a year ahead of where we said we were going to be on our margin profile. So that's a -- look at it over the period of time, so I hope that clarifies that.
Robert Pragada: And as far as that continuing, Steve, I missed 1 part of your question. As far as that continuing, we evaluate based on our clients and trends that we're seeing in the marketplace. And as we said in the script, those have been very, very strong in the P&PS world. So we continue to have confidence in our business.
Robert Pragada: And Chad, on the second part that you asked about the capabilities, we feel strong that we've got a strong platform. We feel strongly that we've got a really solid platform today. In areas where we continue to innovate is around our digital platforms and our digital enablement and the partnership that we have with Palantir and with others, that is that's -- those are strong platforms in order to grow without making huge investments. So we're really comfortable where we sit today.
Robert Pragada: So Michael, the short answer is no. IIJA, that's where we made specific commentary about that in the script, has really started to incrementalize in our business and we can see it not only in our pipeline but in our bookings. And it's realizing itself in that was -- it's why we specifically called out P&PS Americas on the 30% year-over-year growth. So we're not seeing that at all. And just 1 other -- just a clarifying point on IIJA, it's a law, right? So as far as it being repealed, there would have to be significant -- there have be a new law. And so we feel confident about that. On some of these other items, those were actually in the early stages and we had not even -- we had not seen the effects of those in our pipeline or in our work. So the fact that there's a debate about those now, it's not really having that material effect on the business.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Interesting, I kind of separated between PA and P&PS. Our PA business in the U.K. specifically is actually growing and it's been really, really strong. And that's kind of a testament to no different than Jacobs historically, real strong capabilities in those areas of global priorities and national priorities and it's around the defense sector that PA has a strong relationship with MOD as well as in energy and utilities which, in fact, is turning into a security issue in broader Europe. So that's really driving the PA business. What's driving the PA and the P&PS business is the energy security issue in the broader Continental Europe as well as in Scandinavia. And I'll give you just 1 statistic. 1 year ago, 2 years ago, of our U.K. platform which you know is really, really strong, about 90% of our folks that were based in the U.K., worked in U.K. business. Today, that's about 60-40 is where we have our talent from the U.K. working on programs and projects and engagements all throughout Europe as well as globally. And that goes into -- Kevin and I have been really vocal about that over the course of the last 3 or 4 years about tying that global talent. So it doesn't totally dampen the effect of some of the economic headwinds in Europe but our diversity is helping in that front.
Robert Pragada: Yes. So Gautam, it's Bob. One of the things that -- we looked at this really, really hard. And as far as the dissynergies go, we feel pretty confident that, that's not going to be of any materiality at all. Now that said, similar to what we've done in the past, our relationship post spin with CMS is going to continue to be very strong. And so our ability to work together, collaborate and partner for the benefit of our client is going to continue to be there. So that's always going to be there. In fact, we've demonstrated that in our history with a previous divestiture that we did and that relationship continues to this date to be very, very strong. On the PA outside of the U.K., really that entrance into the U.S. which we're in real time and having success on was around the private sector in the U.S., not the government sector and more specifically around energy and utilities and health and life sciences. And those opportunities have continued In fact, today, in the U.S., we have probably 50 active pursuits with a lot of cases, bids in play with PA and we're feeling really confident about that.
Robert Pragada: Yes, thank you. It's exciting times ahead. We're really looking forward to what the future brings. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call and we'll be very close to the market continue -- as things continue to develop and progress. Thank you, everyone.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Look, I think we've evaluated all alternatives. And at the end of the day, given the facts and circumstances that Bob has highlighted, we're excited about the announcement of the spin. But as circumstances change or anything comes to light, we would certainly have to consider that because we are interested in maximizing shareholder value.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Look, as we talked in the prepared remarks, as we look at the 2 businesses and we talk about 2022 kind of pro forma, if we had done something, we had a 12% margin for the People & Places business, operating profit margin and about 8% for CMS. We think that our spend will ultimately allow the 2 incremental individual companies to focus on their respective opportunities and in a manner that allows for, if anything, an acceleration in growth. I do would like to say that in the event that the spin is able to be executed, we are -- we do realize that there will be some incremental CMS public company costs that would have to be incurred but we will think we'll be able to offset and then some with our opportunities to streamline our 2 organizations.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, I think that we are continuing to invest in what we think is a great opportunity to enable divergent actually People & Places and PA to benefit from some of the overall investments being made in digital data capabilities for the total Jacobs. And so those investments continue because we believe there is strong rationale for a very large return relative to that. So we're not making any choices relative to those investments. We continue to make them and we're confident in the ability that the scale is growing as it did in the quarter and how we've communicated a sequential growth in terms of the top line which will translate into a growth leverage factor that translates into margin improvement. As we highlighted in our pared remarks. Nothing has changed. We feel good about that. We see visibility forward to be able to do that. So investments continue. And our growth is going to allow for us to get to the margin profile that we've communicated.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Look, clearly, as we look going forward, I think there's a couple of things to highlight. Certainly, we've got inflationary pressure on the medical cost. And ultimately, we're going to be able to pass that along to our clients. But in the short term, certainly, we're seeing some pressure in that. We saw it in the first quarter. First quarter is, as you know, the last year of our medical plan. So we wanted to get a better read on our second quarter which now is in the next plan year. We continue to see that occurring in Q2. So we're projecting that, that's going to continue through the full year. So assuming that, that didn't happen, that obviously would be a positive. But right now, that's what our expectations are. Our interest rates obviously are higher year-over-year. And we think we're at hopefully, the top end of kind of what the interest rate scenarios are going to look like and that, if anything, we're going to be able to trend down. If that happens, we're not counting on it but certainly, that would allow for us to be able to have some incremental performance in our EPS figures as well. I think the underlying business is actually quite strong. And so absent some of these dynamics, I think putting it into context, we don't really see a situation where our business is slowing.
Kevin Berryman: So look, I think that, clearly, we have in front of us, a lot of execution that is really imperative for us to do well against. Whether that be on our business or it be the actual execution of the spin of CMS. So that is clearly job number 1. Number 2 is, because of that, certainly, I think there is a relatively high bar right now from a financial people, gross margin perspective as it relates to actually deploying additional capital in the M&A. Never say never but we think the bar is pretty high at this particular moment. So having said all of that, there certainly is opportunities to invest back in our shares as appropriate. And I think that you might want to think about that potentially happening over the course of the next several months.
Kevin Berryman: No. Look, it is certainly a process, both internal but also external. So as you may be aware, the process of putting in place a structure and an organization that facilitates an ability on day 1 to execute and manage a publicly traded company is not inconsequential. And so we're not going to rush that process. And I think 12 to 18 months is actually a fairly aggressive stance in some respects. So I don't think we're going to be able -- if, in fact, it continues to be oriented around the spend to do much better than that. But occurs, we'll do whatever we can to accelerate for sure.
Kevin Berryman: So 1 thing, just to crystallize and make sure that you caught it correctly. Our margins in CMS Q1. Yes. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Kevin Berryman: So we're early in our process, Chad. We do know that People & Places and CMS both have good cash flow characteristics. Actually, People & Places has a lower DSO level than the current CMS organization. So we're working through all of that. We'll provide incremental details relative to when we get to that space to really give greater clarity. But I think you're going to see both businesses being robust in terms of their cash flow capabilities longer term.
Kevin Berryman: I would say that we think -- we're thinking longer term that there's no cap ultimately at the 20% level. So we'll work to continue to drive with the management team and ability to get back to margins that are north of 20% longer term.
Kevin Berryman: So we've evaluated all the opportunities. And depending upon if you were to do some type of other structure, we'll ultimately determine what the tax basis is. But clearly, if we did some type of other transaction, there would be some tax implications that would occur. So the fact that we've centered around executing against spend is a tax-efficient way of addressing the opportunity to create 2 separate very strong companies. And so look, I think that's how we're executing. That's our plan at this particular point in time. It takes a little bit of time given some of the discussions that we've had in the past. But that's 1 of the reasons that we consider the spin to be a highly attractive option. But as we go through the process and determine if we get any additional facts or circumstances that could change that, we'll consider that because we are ultimately interested in ensuring that we maximize shareholder value.
Kevin Berryman: So look, I'll make my first comment in response to your detailed questions is we remain committed to the Jacobs RemainCo that it's going to be investment-grade rating. So I think that gives you a ground post that you can certainly evaluate what the potential options may or may not look like. The second thing I would say is we're a little bit too early in the process. We have kept this to a very small group of executives and team members up until this point in time. And now we are -- as we publicly announced, we're going to go through a very detailed, thoughtful, disciplined process that will answer all of these questions. I do think that the way we would characterize the leverage factors, they're going to be appropriate relative to the businesses in which they are. So I think I'll just leave it there and I think you can interpret what that may or may not mean. But we think ultimately that there is an ability to have a stand-alone organization that will -- that is now CMS which is going to be -- have an ability to be quite successful longer term and people in places and PA and divergent as well as the RemainCo.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, we didn't really comment about CMS, although I think what I would focus on in CMS is really more about the margin, sequential improvement which we think is really important as we get the business back to that level of 8% for the full year which is what we characterized. And so perhaps I'll leave it there because we didn't really talk about the CMS numbers; still growing.
