John W. Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and welcome, everyone. I will go over the financial highlights briefly, and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to go through the business overview and our going-forward strategies. Going to Slide 4, just a recap of the third quarter financial highlights. We did report diluted EPS of $0.76. This was in line with expectations, I believe. Included in the $0.76 was about $0.01 that related to some favorable tax activity in the quarter. While we've been bringing our tax rate down a little bit over the last couple of years, we had an extra benefit this quarter that is just a onetime event. But even at the $0.75, it's still right in line with what the expectation for the quarter was, I believe. Net earnings were $97.9 million. Backlog increased nicely to $15.6 billion. That's up from $15.1 billion last quarter and represents, if you look over the trailing 12, a book-to-bill of 1.15. So 15% growth is a nice trend in the backlog, so a 15% growth in the book-to-bill. We continue to have a strong balance sheet. The net cash position was $386 million. Total cash was just under $900 million, and we're maintaining our guidance from last quarter at the range of $2.80 to $3 for the fiscal year '12. Turning to Slide 5. This just tracks the earnings over the last few years. More importantly, we show the 10-year compounded growth rate for each of those years. And as we talk a lot, our target and our expectations is that we should be able to grow over the long term our bottom line at 15%. And if you look at those bars even through this downturn, we're still right there at that 15% growth rate. Turning to Slide 6. Backlog growth, nice growth from a year ago, did have a tick up in field services as well as strong growth in the professional services. For the quarter, we were up, as I said, about 3.3%, and for the year, it's over 11% growth so -- and still strong growth in the professional services. So with that, I will turn it over to Craig for a review of the quarter.
John W. Prosser: Yes, on the margin look-forwards, we're in a pretty good position. We're seeing slight increases in our pricing in the markets and some markets better than others. So from the professional services side, the trend is positive. What you'll see though is as that field services starts to move into revenue and the mix moves off of this fairly high pro service mix that we're in right now, that will be a slight dampener to that growth. So I would say at this point, over the next 12 months or so that we'd see maybe a slight improvement in the operating margins, but -- improvement in each of the pieces of the margin, but the mix will probably keep a modest growth, if any.
John W. Prosser: Well, we traditionally and historically have kept our guidance fairly wide, even as we've come to the end of the year. I think I've used the analogy of a bell curve. The middle of the guidance range is more probable than either of the -- as we get out to the end. So I think we just -- keeping with our past practices have kept the guidance fairly broad. And I think we're not going to give guidance within the guidance, other than having said what I said.
John W. Prosser: I think what we're seeing is, on the one hand, we are seeing improving margins in each of the business groups. So professional services margins are improving slightly, even what we're seeing as we are ramping up and getting some of these new contracts on the field services are a little bit margins -- better margins than what we have been working on. So I don't think it's going to be a huge dip. It's not like it's going to turn down dramatically. But over the balance of the year, it will probably tend to be flat to down slightly as opposed to continue to grow after we get through into that second, third quarter. I think you'll be able to kind of track it based on the mix of revenues. Right now, it's kind of -- we're still at that 60-40 professional services, and we're not going to probably see this over the next 12 to 18 months reverse, but it's going to start trending down closer to the 55-45 and then 50-50, and that's going to have some pressure on margin growth. And depending on how quickly that mix starts changing, it will be probably somewhere from -- it’ll dampen the margin percentage growth from flat to maybe down very slightly.
John W. Prosser: Well, we don't typically disclose that. That's just kind of things that change quarter-to-quarter. But I don't believe there was any significant impact on it either way. As you look through the different currencies, some go up, some go down, and I don't think we had any significant changes.
John W. Prosser: No, actually, 50-50 is probably beyond 2013. What I said is it would be most likely to trend towards maybe 55-45 in the next -- as we go get into the end of '13 and into '14, but depending on the strength of the market, it could get back to the 50-50 as we go through the whole go forward.
John W. Prosser: You got to remember, our focus is on the small to medium-size projects. And those tend to transition actually fairly quickly. And so we would expect to see -- yes, you would see the backlog start picking up first because as we transition from the professional services on a particular opportunity into the field services, you’ll book that, and then it will take anywhere from 1 year to 2 years depending on the size of project to work it off. So before you actually see that shift, you'll start seeing a pickup in the -- an accelerated pickup in the field services part of our backlog.
John W. Prosser: As Craig has pointed out, there's very robust opportunities for acquisitions, and historically, we've always said that part of our growth is expected to come from acquisitions. We've been a fairly active acquirer in the past and will continue to be in the future. Currently, we believe that there are more than enough opportunities out there for that kind of acquisition growth and the priority on our cash capital is to fund those acquisitions and as opposed to some other form like a stock buyback or a dividend, although we do periodically evaluate the positions, and it's discussed at the board level and such. And at this point, the focus is more on the acquisitions and growth use of the capital rather than any other use.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think our belief that -- and it's still early days. We're still assessing what we think '13 will look like, but our expectation is that we're going to see that 15% kind of growth, plus or minu,s as we go forward into '13 and beyond. There's nothing about the business as we see it today that we know to be a challenge. We're making that, absent what's happening in the U.S. and European economies. And there is a big uncertainty in that number, in that economic situation right now, and we're still affected by that. So as we look forward, there's a lot of indicators that are positive for that sort of 15% compound growth. There are a couple of indicators that are negative, and we're going to be looking hard at that over the rest of this quarter and the early part of next quarter, certainly before we talk to you again, to get a stronger, clearer view of where we think we are. But I am upbeat about what I think FY '13 looks like.
Craig L. Martin: At least at this stage, the projects are moving forward at a better pace than they did, say, right after the GFC. I've seen them move faster, but that's not a change from faster to slower. It's just they aren't as fast as they sometimes get to be. So I'd say no. We look at cancellations every quarter, and there's always some. But the cancellations again, this quarter, were absolutely nominal in the scheme of the backlog.
Craig L. Martin: Well, this is an awkward one for us, Andy. We're sort of bound to the customer not to talk about this more than what they’ve said. They've sort of outlined the basics of what the problem was and what it’s going to take to fix it, and they're in the process of getting it fixed. I can't tell you whether we're helping them or not helping them. From a liability standpoint, we're quite confident we have none. So this is not a Jacobs issue in any way, shape or form.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I think the answer is that we continue to see a steady and maybe even slightly increasing flow of prospects. That's resulted in, as I mentioned earlier, better margins and more -- a little bit better deals, a little bit of an ability to go back and renegotiate existing deals because of the ability to show the market as being stronger than the existing deals might be. And I think that we are clearly in -- at least -- and again, in the major parts of our private sector business, on a nice upslope. I don't think we're, in any way, shape or form, at the beginning of another bubble like we saw from '06, '07 and '08. I don't see that out there. I don't expect that. We're certainly not planning for it. And I don't think most of our competitors see it that way either, although I haven't talked to all of them about what they think the market looks like. So I think it's good but not great. Somebody talks about a new normal. I think our new normal is like our old normal, and that's sort of the steady non-bubble growth of the late '90s and early 2000s.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I think once field services starts to kick in, in a big way, you'll see the margin percentages degrade. Now, absolute margins will go up, but we'll see a lower percentage because the field service margins carry -- they're lower to start with, but they carry less G&A. But in the aggregate, they're still lower, on a net margin basis, than engineering services margins are, particularly within our mix of business.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. First off, the acquisition pipeline is very robust. There are lots of deals out there to do. In fact, more deals to do than we have the resources to work. The appetite within our company remains for smaller deals, up to something in the 10%, 20% size relative to Jacobs. So a company with $1 billion of revenue or even $2 billion would not be too big in our mind. But certainly, a Shaw kind of deal is still not on our screen. Moreover, as I think we've said before, public company deals tend to be challenging. The ARBs [ph] get involved, and so you end up paying too much. You can't get much in the way of protections in terms of the deal because you're buying it from anonymous shareholders. So that becomes a challenge as well. And so our appetite for a Shaw or any of those sort of peer-sized companies or near-peer-sized companies is close to 0. And I'd say there's plenty of companies in the $100 million revenue to $2 billion revenue out there that are private that we can the customary protections of escrows and insurance and all those things that we like to get to make sure those acquisitions are successful. And they're deals where we're not paying the target company or its shareholders for the synergies, which is another challenge. So that's kind of where our head's at. Nothing about what happened with Shaw changes our outlook. Shaw was peddled pretty heavily, including to us, by the investment bankers, and it just didn't turn our heads. Not that it's not a good company. It's just not the right deal for us.
Craig L. Martin: It is a market that grinds very slowly. So let's -- if projects start to get released, which it seems like they are now, you'll have a couple of months' worth of cycle of trying to compete for and win them. Then you'll have 3 or 4 months of contract negotiations, and all the paperwork that goes with doing business with a public sector customer, before you can get a release and a notice to proceed. So an award today is probably start work 6 months from now. And then you’ve got to spool it up from there to get to the point where it's really generating a lot of revenue. So I don't think that's -- it's probably a second half '13 conversation more so than anything in the next 9 months.
Craig L. Martin: Well, the projects in terms of their duration are 36 to 60 months in duration. Our role tends to be FEED and then PMC with the occasional EPCM project in the mix. The effect of all that is that the FEEDs are continuing to be pretty active now. We've got a few projects going into detail design, 1 or 2 that we will be starting construction management on in the relatively near future. The overall sort of backlog impact for us is more in the 24- to 36-month cycle, and that's actually fairly traditional for these projects globally. The challenges in the Middle East are more in terms of just getting the project going. Once the project’s affirmed, it takes a little bit of time to roster the people and get the team assembled, get the necessary approvals and really get the project moving ahead. There's probably a little more of a lag time upfront compared to, say, a similar project on the Gulf Coast. But the projects once they're -- as they come into backlog and we get them going, they look very similar.
Craig L. Martin: Let me take the second half of the question first. The turnaround deferrals were problematic. They have continued to be deferred. We didn't expect them to come back this quarter anyway. It does look like those turnarounds will happen in our FY '13. So it's a positive for '13, but it has no additional impact or no further impact on '12. Going back to the changes in the slides, I would discourage you reading more into them than just changes to try to make the -- make changes almost. That's not quite true, but we remain very, very positive about the oil and gas market. Strong or very strong is not an indication that we think it's softened in any way or that projects are moving away or out. So to the extent if our change in the wording there had that impact, I apologize. That wasn't -- certainly wasn't intended.
Craig L. Martin: Well, it's -- I'm not expecting nor do I recall a lot of cancellations on refining. So it's not like I'm expecting a lot of canceled projects to come back. The project cancellation thing was mostly concentrated up in the oil sands in terms of where a lot of projects got put on permanent hold, so to speak. But with respect to refining, I think what we're going to continue to see in refining is small to midsize investments in the U.S. and Europe, again, driven by cash flow for the most part, environmental concerns, shifts in the crude quality, even when there's good news. So take all the liquids that are coming off of the unconventional gas exploration and development program, a lot of those liquids are such that you can't just stick them in the refinery and make gasoline.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I think we'll see the contracting for them fairly shortly, so late this quarter, early next quarter. A lot of those things are part of ongoing long-term agreements. There's no actual contract be awarded. It's just a function of when the customer decides to spend the money, or -- yes, shut it down [ph]. It's the same thing. To George's point, most of these turnarounds require you to stop producing gasoline. You shut the refinery down to do the turnaround. And when gasoline prices are good and you're making money, you're always reluctant to do that. And that’s certainly part of what affected the turnarounds this last winter is that the refineries that were producing oil didn't want to shut down, and certainly, some of our SAGD customers and heavy oil customers, same thing, making money, don't want to shut the plants down for turnaround. There's only so long you can postpone the turnaround, and then sooner or later, you got to do it. Our view is that this coming fall and winter is probably the most likely time. And like I say, a lot of that is already actually under contract, but it's where -- it's not backlog.
Craig L. Martin: Certainly, Europe has worked out about like we expected. This year, it's been pretty much a neutral in terms of growth. We haven't seen a lot of shrinkage. We haven't seen any significant growth. I think next year looks a lot like this year. I think we'll struggle in Southern Europe where our business is more public sector oriented, more buildings and infrastructure related. And we'll do a little better in Northern Europe where we have a strong position in a number of the refineries and the small-cap kind of work seems to be -- looks like it's going to continue to be pretty robust. So Europe is a mixed bag, but net-net, I don't think it's going to be a drag on the company.
Craig L. Martin: Well, let me start with geography, John, and I'll then take a second on the end market. But from a geography standpoint, our focus is x U.S. and Europe, so it's sort of rest of the world, that's broader than I mean it to sound. Certainly, China, Southeast Asia, Australia, areas of strong interest for us. South America, also a very strong interest for us. Not so much Africa, certainly not like Russia or that part of the world, and I think there's lots of opportunity for us to expand our U.S. business and shift the mix from being dominated by the U.S. and Europe today to much more balanced U.S. and Europe and rest of the world. In terms of markets, certainly, we still would like to have more capability in the mining and minerals arena. We're about halfway to where we would really like to be in terms of acquisition-related growth and what that can do for us. The Power business remains interesting, particularly the subsets of the Power business. So we continue to look for the right deal in that arena. And upstream oil and gas in, particularly, things like offshore also remain a strong interest for us from a market's point of view. There will always be little niche acquisitions that will occur wherever they make sense. An example of that might be some place where there's a little 100-person company serving a refiner locally where we want to build a long-term presence with that refiner, that kind of a deal might make a lot of sense. And of course, that will be nominal costs as well. But that's really our view, and I think if we're successful in implementing that strategy, we'll round out our portfolio of services and markets that we serve, and we'll strengthen our x U.S. and Europe share of the global marketplace.
Craig L. Martin: Thank you, Emily. Thank you all. This was a good call. We’re, as you've heard, I think, more positive than not about the future. I think we're optimistic about our prospects and our market position and so we think things look good going forward, both for the remainder of '12 and sort of our first sort of thinking about '13. So we look forward to talking to you again in about 3 months, and we'll see where things go from there. Thank you all.
George A. Kunberger: Well, exactly how we approach the Magnox opportunity, we'll keep a little bit closer to our vest. But I would say, in general, we are moving more and more in the direction of taking the Tier 1 position and a lead position on a lot of these government opportunities. And that’s really based on -- buoyed off of the success we've had at AWE and some other programs that are forthcoming over there. And so our reputation, our position with the U.K. government is changing, and we certainly intend to take advantage of that.
George A. Kunberger: Certainly, your point's well taken, but I'm reminded of a meeting I had. Actually, I was at a conference where the woman who runs the nuclear business for the government or advises the government on that, and she was expressing a lot of concern about -- to use her words, the dash for gas that the government and the various utilities may well be tempted to pursue for the obvious reason you're asking. But she certainly recommitted at that particular point in time, and this is about 6 months ago. Strong need on the part of the government. Certainly, her advice for the government is that they cannot afford to not invest in nuclear power in the U.K. over the long run. It's a long-range view, and sure, they can take some opportunities in the short run about taking advantage of the gas prices. But in the long run, they need to invest, and certainly, that's what we're seeing. It's going a little slower than we anticipated. But certainly, there is investment planned, and it is moving forward in the U.K.
George A. Kunberger: No, I think that's right, Craig. I mean, you actually have a couple of things going on. Before the Highway bill was passed, even at the state levels, you started to see some recovery of the markets just because projects had been delayed for so long that they needed to get on with them. So that had already started. The Highway bill just sort of adds some certainty and some clarity for the next couple of years, certainly, but -- and also highways is a particular strength of Jacobs. So you got all that together, but if you add all that up, it's still just going to be a nice slow increase in our overall infrastructure business, but you're not going to see any spikes as a result of it, which quite frankly, is a good thing, to be honest with you, in the long run.
