Steve Demetriou: All right. Thanks, Kevin. Now, let me review our total company outlook. Given our better than expected transition to a virtual work environment and the ramp up of on site operations, we’re updating our fiscal 2020 outlook. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to a range of $1 billion to $1.50 billion from the $950 million to $1.50 billion. We are also updating our fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.05 to $5.30, up from the $4.80 to $5.30 previous guidance. Importantly, at the midpoint of our revised EPS range, 2020 total fiscal year adjusted EPS represents year-over-year growth when excluding the impact from discrete tax items in both years. Let me also provide some insight to the COVID specific impact on this outlook. At the time of our second quarter earnings call, we communicated that we expected the gross impact to second half 2020 earnings would be approximate -- the net impact the second half fiscal 2020 earnings would be approximately $0.50 per share. However, as a result of our enhanced ability to adapt to physical distancing, we now expect a lower net impact from COVID of $0.35 per share. Given our success in adjusting our operations to a virtual work environment, we are further evaluating opportunities to significantly improve our efficiency through new structural changes to our future of work and look forward to sharing our strategy over the coming quarters. And looking into fiscal 2021, we continue to expect year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth with the second half stronger than the first half performance. With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator, we'll now open the call.
Steve Demetriou: Bob, let me start and you add on. Actually, when we look at the budget that's relatively flat overall on Department of Defence, the certain -- components of that budget, when you start to peel your onion, is actually there's several growth items that are aligned with most of our priority initiatives. You look at the DoD space budget its up 28%, $18 billion budget, which fits right into our whole space intelligence activities coming out of the whole KeyW acquisition. Cybersecurity is up 5%. The Hypersonics, which were a growing player with our missile defence work, a recent Air Force win, some work that we do for NASA around that area, a whole host of classified programs where the budgets are up. And then you even look at, you know, like PFAS where they added $180 million where we're in the mix there. So environmental, Department of Defense, across our CMS, we actually feel pretty positive from a budget standpoint, even when you look at the headline of a flat Department of Defense budget.
Steve Demetriou: As far as the pandemic and the impact on our business, it's pretty widespread and there's a lot of opportunities there. Bob talked a lot about the life sciences side. When you look at the whole future of work, and I'll come back to the sort of the Jacobs opportunity. But the demand opportunity now that's out there for, we would say, we're in the whole supply chain of the digitization, massive change in the economy around digitization is, our industry leading position around semiconductor work, our mission critical data centers better accelerating and the whole race for 5G, all three of those areas we’re a critical player in. And we’ve clearly seen the fact with more virtual work, more streaming and online gaming, et cetera, that whole drive is going to increase the need for semiconductor capacity, data center capacity and 5G is another big example around a whole advanced facilities business. As it relates to Jacobs, we've commented that we had been working on a future of work strategy over the next several years prior to COVID-19. Our ability to rapidly shift to 85 plus percent of our employees and maintain strong productivity and be able to demonstrate that we not only can deliver projects but win business in that area is accelerating now, our work around, looking at what we can do, starting as early as 2021. And so we have a team looking at that. That's where we commented we'll be updating over the next several quarters of what that looks like, what the timing is, but we're very excited about next phase in our transformation journey around accelerating future work.
Steve Demetriou: Well, let me just qualitatively say that some things that sort of help us make that comment about growth next year are most two recent acquisitions we made, KeyW and Wood, are clearly going to contribute to some of that growth next year. We've been doing very well on the KeyW acquisition around the cyber side and the mission IT side. As we've talked about this great opportunity we have on space intelligence has moved to the right a bit where it underperformed this year, but everything is still standing there with regard to the great opportunity. And we have two specific initiatives that we're moving through and we expect to drive growth next year around that whole space intelligence side of KeyW, along with the other two businesses. So we're very positive about that business. Wood Nuclear, combination with Jacobs, we're going to see the majority of the synergies next year around the cost synergies, as well as some revenue synergies. So those two businesses are going to contribute. We're going to have kind of some balancing things going on on the cost side as we resume some discretionary spending that we temporarily halted but at the same time, we have some initiatives underway where we're going to see some productivity and efficiency coming in with some of the things that we've initially talked about with future of work, et cetera. And then the rest of it is really driven by just a continuation of what we've talked about of being aligned to the secular trends that are moving in the right direction, national security, water infrastructure, water still is -- we're very bullish on, environmental resiliency, of course the whole healthcare and life sciences. We've been talking a lot about the intelligent asset management side on critical mission solutions that the three Navy wins over the last 12 to 18 months margin enhancement profit growth, and then, of course, this whole race to the Artemis 2024 space exploration side of things and add on top of that, the digital initiatives that we're working across both businesses but really the drivers of what we're talking about.
Steve Demetriou: All right. So thanks, everyone. Look, the past five months as the pandemic increased in intensity, we kept our focus on our people. The culture of caring that we've talked about is part of our D&A. Today's launch of our action plan for advancing justice and equality is our next phase, it’s our call to action and direct response to the recent social and racial injustices and actions that go beyond words of rhetoric and actions we hope others will do the same. As we look at our business, these last two quarters have proven the resiliency of our company to stay the course, drive results in times of uncertainty, the diversity of our end markets, the strong foundation, the strong global teams, have all held firm. And looking forward, the highly recurring nature of our work provides us some good visibility into our business opportunities and we expect to grow EBITDA in 2021. Thank you and good luck.
Bob Pragada: Michael, we’re actually cautiously optimistic that something will be done. But in any scenario, the strength of our backlog right now is sustainable and resilient. So really when we talk about growth is really is the discussion around the dependence on stimulus. As far as a steady she goes, our backlog is represented back to date. So that kind of brings a little bit of the separation as being totally and solely dependent on those that are being discussed right now, become more of a topic later in the fiscal year, next year.
Bob Pragada: And Michael, you've been with us for a long time, you know how well positioned we are there too. So, we see the short term book and burn component of that being a real positive for us. And we're seeing, I would call, we're in the early innings of what that could mean for the business, specifically our positioning with these clients that we've had for several decades.
Bob Pragada: Joe, the other part of that question is around and the strategy around gaining that market share really then comes from technology hubs that we have within the overall company and differentiating our position around what would traditionally been a people and seats kind of business around sustainment. So a technology enabled solution in order to take that market share.
Bob Pragada: So I think that -- I’ll answer the second part first, Josh, is that we do see that the value added in the differentiated solution is being accepted by our government client. As a differentiated solution, the natural if you look at what happened during the last dislocation or the global financial crisis, there was a trend more towards acceptable low bid. We haven't seen that yet. So I think that kind of plays to where we sit in the value trajectory. First part on some of the, when I say stimulus, some of the continuing efforts to keep our people going on critical efforts. I think that's a testament again to our portfolio. If you look at each sector that we're serving, it's not everybody that in the defense contracting community received the CARES 3610 type of compensation. We did, just because of how critical our services are with our government client. So we like our positioning of where we sit in the defense focused areas right now.
Bob Pragada: So Josh, I'd say that with our clients, we don't go after a lot of newer clients. So if you look at the major public agencies that we do work for, whether it’d be in the U.S. on state DOTs or big water agencies, UK, Australia, these are clients that we’d have larger framework agreements with pre-established commercial arrangements. And so going back to Michael Dudas' first question what we've seen is is a use of that platform, that framework agreements that were already in place so any type of pricing pressures we haven't seen as far as the clients having to spend more dollars in order to get that work done. I think those vehicles are helping the client as well, because that cost of procurement that we talk about it from a supply chain standpoint having those agreements in place has helped the clients as well.
Bob Pragada: Andy, if I could just add one more to your, the re-shoring comment, because it's an important one ad it goes to what Kevin and Steve are saying. I'd look at it from this dynamic. All of our larger, and those are we call them core, clients we've been with for decades. They're going through, clearly, there's a headline news on re-shoring. But think about it from a two step process. All of these clients are also looking at their product portfolio mix and then looking at the re-shoring aspect of that supply chain from the learnings of now countries being blocked during the pandemic. And so I would kind of characterize that as early innings. But with probably some optimism that that's going to be real as these two parallel efforts are going on at the same time.
Bob Pragada: The short answer, Michael, is that we're going to be solid. As far as tangible anticipated growth pre-pandemic, clearly, we're kind of in the new norm now. But when I say solid and when I'm saying solid, I'm talking about Michael in the event that there isn't agreement and we're moving towards an election. And it goes back to my earlier comment around the strength of our backlog and programs that have already, not only been approved but also funded and are a part of current state budgets that we don't see any reallocation going on there. So that's in the event. Now, the Fast Act line item, though, you mentioned it’s not in the Republican proposal, it is in the democratic, as well as it could be a negotiating tool as well. So I think it's too early to make an assessment on that. As far as areas that give us that confidence. If you look at what kind of our main centers of really strong presence, these are household names that do have surpluses as it pertains to certain, I’m speaking mostly on the transportation side even with revenues coming down from a user fees perspective, California, Texas, Southeast United States. And so those programs that were in our backlog and continue to be awarded, we're seeing very close to our clients and those are going to continue. How fast and how much they grow, we're still in the middle of that right now.
Kevin Berryman: So yes, there is a few contracts that we've had, which are going to be running off over the course of the first part of 2021 specifically, doesn't mean that we're not going to be able to show some growth. And especially I would focus the commentary more on bottom line as opposed to top line relative to that dynamic, Joe. So I think that the margin profile that we've been talking about, we do believe we're going to start to see some fundamental benefits of that in a more material manner as we enter into 2021. And so while the revenue could face some flattish kind of pressure over the short term, I think ultimately we're going to be in a position where as these new kind of projects and programs come into play with the associated ramp up in revenue and margin associated with those, you'll start to see that really play out in a nice way as we progress through 2021.
Kevin Berryman: So let me add some comments to Steve’s comments. Just reminding Jamie and I think you're already sensitized to as the $7 to $8 was a potential earnings potential, which assumed that we would fully utilize the strength of our balance sheet in some manner, shape or form. And I think that clearly, as I just communicated, the strength of the balance sheet is as robust as it ever has been and consequently, those opportunities to utilize capital longer term are to fundamentally increase our growth potential is certainly there. So I would just make that comment. And that it's going to be conditioned upon the utilization of the balance sheet. I think clearly COVID is, has required us to step back and reflect and make sure we're taking care of business and we'll continue to do that. But I think that clearly longer term no change, I would say versus our ability to get to those kind of figures over the period of time that we will be talking about as we think about over the next year or two, or thereabout. The other point I would say on the DSOs, look COVID is putting some challenges in place for us as it relates to the DSOs. So if you go and you think about where we progressed or not over the course of 2021, we have had some challenges in the 2020 periods. And I think that we're just going to have to continue to focus on that get back to it. Certainly, there could be some pockets of disruption in areas where it would be tough to get back at those until there is greater visibility in terms of some of the underlying sectors of which we're supporting but we do believe we have that ability. And so couple of three days adds up to some pretty significant figures in terms of our improvements in cash flow. And we would expect that as we get through COVID, I'm not going to say exactly when that will be and when our customers are back kind of without being impacted by some of the dynamics, certainly, we feel like we're going to be able to get those numbers down by those levels and then some longer term to help us get to the conversion numbers that we would like.
Kevin Berryman: I was just going to say we were planning to give an update on those efforts as we close out the fiscal 2020 year, and what the potential implications would be for 2021.
Kevin Berryman: I think our belief is that absent in any substantive stimulus that comes into play, and this is not the only the U.S. but there are other regions around the globe in the UK and Australia specifically where we would be watching those areas closely. Look, I think we have a portfolio that's stable and has the ability to continue to build capabilities and deliver solutions to our clients. I think that as we think about that dynamic, we could see some growth in 2021 absent. But I think ultimately our belief is that stimulation there will be something as it relates to that and that probably results in the back half of 2021 being that much more stronger than the beginning parts of it. But I think that clearly the resiliency of our portfolio was we would suggest that we have the ability to grow in 2021.
Kevin Berryman: There's basically two things that are out there. We've had very large procurement revenue in 2020, which has actually dampened our margin profile. We've talked about that over the course of this fiscal year that will be transitioning off the books over the course of the first part of, the first half of 2021. And then of course depending upon how Hanford plays out, the Hanford Plateau project, obviously, will be off the books over the course of 2021, that assumes that the current protest dynamic doesn't change any material direction there. So those are numbers that will be plus $500 million certainly over the course of the full year, and we'll see how that plays out. But I think what I would suggest to you is the strength of the pipeline in our minds overcomes that number and ultimately starts to drive incremental profitability, because the procurement in Hanford Plateau are obviously lower parts of our margin profile. So that goes away, pipeline comes in and replaces it and margin goes up all at the same time, resulting in good operating profit growth.
Kevin Berryman: No, I think Steve, I think the first quarter will look solid. And as far as that hovering at one or above is very much within reach, we've got a nice pipeline.
Kevin Berryman: Probably not going to give you specifics relative to it, but I do think certainly we're facing a more muted short-term dynamic versus longer term consistent with the comments that we've made. So probably not going to give you a lot of incremental color but certainly, we're going to be more muted in the short-term. Certainly, I would say as it relates to the Q4 numbers, certainly we're going to be thinking about that relative to the numbers. And so maybe I'll leave it there and then we'll play out and give you more perspectives as we enter into 2021 after we finish up Q4 and have another three months under our belt relative to the COVID-19 pandemic.
