John W. Prosser: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. I'll briefly go over the financial highlights for the quarter, and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, for a review of the business and the quarter. Turning to Slide 4 in the presentation. As reported last night in the earnings release, we did end up the quarter with $0.71 on a diluted basis. This is obviously down from last quarter, as we told you last quarter. Typically the first quarter of our year does come down anywhere from 5% to 10%, just because of the seasonality of the holidays and some other factors. This quarter was obviously -- had a number of -- couple of other significant items in it. One was the closing of the SKM acquisition, which we talked about in the press release between the operations that we had for 2 weeks, which was probably the worst 2 weeks of the year from a holiday and vacation standpoint and operating standpoint for SKM, and also the closing cost and such that had to be put through the financial statements, they contributed about $0.10 net loss after tax. Going the other way, we did have favorable tax settlements in one of our foreign operations. This was the favorable tax to our court ruling and so that had about a positive $0.05 between the reversing of the tax accruals and also the interest accruals. So those do have opposite [ph] effects. But even beyond that, the typical calendar quarter ending in December with the holidays, vacations, some of the winter weather that impacts some of our field services activities, particularly around the Christmas holidays and such, had a negative impact. One other unusual item that we don't usually have in that quarter is we also had the government shutdown. And while that was not as big of an impact as it might have been because we were able to mitigate much of that impact, it still did have a negative impact on the quarter. So we talked about having an impact of about $0.10 to $0.15 in this first quarter. There were pluses and minuses in there. The SKM closing cost were a little bit higher than what we originally anticipated in that range. Some of the other things were the impacts of summer vacations. Having Christmas on Wednesday turned out to be even higher than usual impact because of, I guess, more and more people took the full week off because it's right in the middle of the week. And that also had impact on our billable hours as we saw more of our billable people also taking vacation than maybe normal. So while the results aren't something we'd like to see, we don't think they're indicative of certainly the whole year, and I think they are pretty much in line with what we've kind of anticipated going into the quarter. Backlog at the end of the year and in the end of the quarter was up to $18.1 billion, which is a nice growth both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Included in that is about $800 million of backlog that came in from the SKM acquisition. So even without that contribution, that onetime uplift, we saw a modest increase in the backlog. Our trailing 12 book-to-bills was 1.15. We continue to have a strong balance sheet, even with the $1.2 billion that we spent. In fact, our cash at the end of the quarter was just over $1 billion. Our debt obviously grew from last quarter. It was just over $1 billion as well. So our net cash was slightly negative, but actually during the quarter, we had pretty good cash flow because we spent between debt and cash. We spent over $1.2 billion to buy SKM, and our cash position actually improved when you take that out of the equation. We are maintaining our guidance at a range of $335 million to $390 million. That guidance includes SKM and all the activities that we had here in the first quarter. So we expect to be in that range, and that's the same guidance as we had going into the first quarter. Moving on to Slide 5. Just earnings history, we've changed this graph a little bit from what we've done in the past to show what the impact of our guidance is and where that would fall as we look at the whole year rather than just looking quarter-over-quarter. And still, we feel comfortable that we're moving back towards maintaining that growth rate and the plus or minus 15% compounded growth on our earnings. Moving on to Slide 6. Backlog as I said, nice growth year-over-year partially due to the addition of SKM, but overall, still trending up and heavily weighted towards professional services. Virtually all of the backlog that came in from SKM would be in the professional services category just because of the types of business they're in. And while we -- year-over-year our field services backlog was pretty flat, quarter-over-quarter was down a little bit, but that's probably more typical of the fourth quarter, calendar quarter, because the people are not making a lot of decisions around the holidays and such like that. So with that, I will turn it over to Craig to review the quarter.
John W. Prosser: Looking forward to the next 3 quarters. Certainly, SKM is going to be a part of that. As we said in the press release, as we have been saying, it's going to be accretive. This first quarter is not indicative at all of anything about their operation. Part of that cost was based on the bunch of holidays and vacations and such. And the closing cost, which for the big part of it, are not indicative. The closing cost won't be continuing, and the operations we see as being nicely additive. They're all incorporated. I'm not going to give any specific cents per share and such, but I think, particularly as we look out to the third and fourth quarter, that'll be where the biggest part of the strength comes and -- that's more from our side, the legacy business just because we are seeing ramp-up. And as Frank mentioned, in all the process industries that we're having good sales in the government business, good prospects, the new budget that was passed is net positive, I think, for even the short term, as well as the long term. So I would say, as we always say, the midpoint of our guidance is where we have the biggest comfort. And from that, it's called bell curve as we go through either side. So I think we wouldn't have the midpoint where it was if we didn't think we were pretty confident that, that was the highest probability.
John W. Prosser: I think, yes, the mining and minerals, just like ours, is a little bit longer term, but we are seeing positives there. The government, which we talked about possibly being a headway I think. Certainly we -- it looks like we've gotten over one of the cautions that we had, which was a budget, getting a budget and facing another shutdown right here in the first quarter. So yes, we had that hurdle out of the way, so that's got to be a positive. Certainly it's not a negative, so I guess that makes it a positive. We still have a couple of other things like debt ceilings and things like that, that could get into some impasses, but I think at least one negative is behind us on the government side.
John W. Prosser: Yes, I think we're going to see, just because of kind of the turn that's going on and the transition into SKM and the impact of things like amortization of intangibles and such that it certainly has an impact on the net operating margins. The margins might trend a little bit lower than what we were having last year, but they're going to be in that probably in that range. A lot will depend on how contracts are taken in the field services. If we get a lot of [indiscernible] costs and such, that'll have a little bit more of a dampening effect. If we get a lot of these bigger projects, bigger activities that are going on and are more on the client's paper and so we're just managing them. And it's -- the more professional services, the margins will still be the same amount of dollars so that you'll see a little bit higher. But somewhere in that mid-15s, there's probably something running a little 7 [indiscernible] for the next -- this year.
John W. Prosser: I need to go back to clarify this thing that I said. When I said the mid-15s, I was talking about gross margins, and I was talking about operating margins. The operating margins will be in the mid-5% range. I just want to make sure because I kind of switched the nomenclature midstream without clarifying it. I figured I better clarify.
John W. Prosser: Well, I mean this first quarter was -- had a lot of negative impact from the closing cost and such like that. So I think the rest of the year will be in that range, and the total year will be close to it as well. Obviously the rest of the year will be a little bit higher than the total simply because it will be dragged down a little bit. But mid-5s, it could be 5.6 versus 5.4 or something like that.
John W. Prosser: If you looked at our capital spending over the last couple of years, it has been a little bit higher than trend. We've had a number of facilities that we've moved into larger facilities as we've grown and consolidated to get more efficiencies out of the existing facilities, so that's been a higher than normal trend. If you look at just going forward, obviously, there'll be some consolidations over the next couple of years as we look with the SKM offices where we're in similar places but we don't have a great number of leases that are coming up, particularly this year and even into '15, so you won't see that kind of activity. The other thing is we've had a little bit higher than trend line because we have invested as we've done some acquisitions with Aker and such, there's been more investments in IT services. When we typically have to upgrade, the IT within the organizations we bring in just sort of self-operate in our systems and have the level of capacity and such to run our systems and such but we've also been investing in some project controls and such to get better products there and integrate that globally. And over the next couple of years, that kind of spending will probably continue at that little bit elevated pace just because of the acquisition, the integration of SKM and the fact that we will be going through an upgrade on our ERP system and that there's a new generation of our Oracle system that will need to be implemented that will be a little bit higher cost in the -- or more capital cost over the next couple of years. So I think you'll see that the total number coming down from our capital spend because of the leases and such like that, but some pieces like some of the IT and technology spend will still be maybe a little bit above normal. And of course, the amortization cost will be up once -- when you see a full quarter of SKM with the amortization intangibles and such like that. But when we give guidance and are saying that SKM is going to be accretive over the balance of the year, that is net of all those kinds of costs, including integration costs and the amortization intangibles and the interest we're paying on the debt that we used so far.
John W. Prosser: Right now, our preliminary -- and we're still obviously -- there's a period you go through to look at this but it's going to be somewhere a little bit around $5 million a quarter.
John W. Prosser: Part of it was in the tax but the bigger part of it was actually in the interest because we've been accruing interest on the tax liabilities and this tax case that we got a favorable ruling on goes back to the mid-2000s, so it was like 2006, '07. So there's been -- the tax -- the interest that was accrued on it was much higher than actually the tax liability, just because of the rate. So in round numbers, I think it was about -- and this will all be in the Q but I think it was about 2.7% that was in the tax line and about 4.1% that hit the interest. And what's funny, because it's a reversal of interest expense, so interest expense is actually a benefit for the quarter.
John W. Prosser: We don't actually forecast revenues but typically, our first quarter revenues are down a little bit from the fourth quarter just because of the holidays and the activity level was down. If you look year-over-year, we're actually up about 8%, 9% in revenues on a quarterly basis. So I think we'll be adding in 3 quarters of a year for SKM, that will certainly add to the revenue. But even on an organic basis, we would expect to see growth. Whether it gets up to into double-digits by itself, that's hard to predict. A lot of it will depend, again, even on the field service activity, whether we are putting it through on our paper or on somebody else's paper. In which case, it could have some -- either way, it could have a material effect on the revenues and growth and such. But either way, it would have a positive impact on the margin dollars.
John W. Prosser: No, the integration costs will be something that will be with us actually probably over the next 12 to 18 months, particularly in some of the systems development side and things like that. And so having a bunch of cost that would be in the second quarter falling off is not going to be what drives us; I think it's our historic business moving up. Now, there'll be a little bit of that but that's going to be ongoing and it's not all going to happen in the second quarter. Some of them, because we get into consolidation of space and things like that, might be 6 to 12 months or even further away. So I just have to -- because of the nature of our businesses, it's not like we're going to run out and fire a bunch of people or anything like that because what we bought were people. And so the idea is that the integration costs or margins, getting people onto our systems and getting them trained, getting -- looking at all the SKM systems and what are good lessons learned there that will be incorporated into our practices and things like that. So it's not going to be like it's a big bubble in the second quarter then drop off.
John W. Prosser: There'll be some of that disclosure in the Q and such. I'm not going to go through it line by line today. In fact, I'm not sure the depreciation number will be in the Q but the amortization number will but I think those will just check themselves out. There are no -- the numbers for depreciation are not material, so it's not going to be like it's out of line with what their revenue and operational contributions are. As for their margins, how they reported their margins were a little different than how we report margins. So when you look historically back to some of the information that was the public disclosures on them through the acquisition of what worth [ph] and things that have been on there, there were some things that we typically show as pass-through costs that they didn't include in revenue that would have had a -- doesn't change the margin numbers at all, just changes the percentages a little bit. So then when you throw in the amortization intangibles and things like that, which they didn't have and such, that brings them down. So their margins were not significantly different when we actually worked through them than ours on a kind of a same structure basis and so it's not like they're going to pull ours up or...
John W. Prosser: Yes, and the other thing is that in this -- our first quarter, some of the things that get kind of moved around for the holidays tend to be maintenance turnaround activities they get -- and those don't have as much pass-through in them because that's more direct-hire in our own cost as opposed to big field construction where we might have some direct hires but we also do a lot of it through subcontractors and there's material and equipment that flow through there. And actually, some of the pass-throughs -- not all pass-throughs are field services, some of the pass-throughs actually are related to some of our government contracts and professional services, subcontractors that we have, particularly in some of our teaming arrangements and stuff like that on -- with the government and the public sector.
John W. Prosser: We actually do break it out in the Q, which will be filed today or tomorrow, but the biggest part of that is the transaction costs. When you get in the amortization and things like that, it's probably 1/3, 2/3.
John W. Prosser: I think that will be true and we've worked really hard on focusing on getting our receivable levels down. As they've grown here, particularly as the market got more pliant -- favorite [ph], some of those terms got stretched out and such so I think that as the markets starts turning a little bit more in our favor, particularly on some of these big jobs, then as we move into the field and to the procurement, we tend to get much better cash flow terms on those contracts than just on the pure professional services as we'll get the advance notice. At the past, the profit is at least a 0 balance funding so that you have much better receivable collections on that. So I think we should be pretty close to what has always been kind of our target and our expectation that our bottom line will turn into cash. So that cash, a lot of that will be used to continue to pay down debt or rather, small acquisitions and such like that.
John W. Prosser: This is what, the third or fourth one that we've done in that space over the last couple of years, so it's not like this was something that we've been continuing to grow in and we see the opportunities to grow more.
John W. Prosser: Well, I think that as we get better on collecting receivables, our total working capital should come down a little bit but -- and we'll generate cash and we'll use that cash probably to -- most likely to pay down debt or for other acquisitions. So I don't see that working capital is an issue one way or the other.
Craig L. Martin: Probably can't quantify it any meaningful way, but it's really clear that some of our traditional markets, so things that are funded by user fees. Rail would be a good example of that. Water and wastewater would be a good example of that. Now those markets are -- have been on their way back from some time now. I think we've told you the last couple of quarters that those were already positives and they continue to be. What we're seeing now though is with some certainty in the budgets, with some what I'd call tepid recovery in tax revenues at the state and local level, that road and bridge infrastructure is starting to move ahead. And so there's a lot of both the small project local activity, and that's a big business for us, as well as a fairly pretty significant number of big project opportunities both in North America and in the U.K. So those are, I think, very strong positives for the infrastructure business, transportation-infrastructure in particular, as we look forward, and that hasn't been the case up until recently. And then you add to that what we have with SKM, who are a dominant player in the infrastructure business in Asia, particularly strong in Australia, very strong water infrastructure capability, which we think both represents leverage for us in North America and the U.K. but also represents a significant growth opportunity in the U.K. as well. Now one of the reasons we're as positive as we are about the acquisition of SKM in spite of the general attitude that Australia is on a downer, is that SKM has done a terrific job of positioning for parts of the business in Australia, so they're going to continue to grow. And so our outlook, as you go across now, the whole infrastructure market globally is really -- is where that upbeat statement comes from, I guess, in that context, but I couldn't give you a list of specific opportunities that we think drive that. Again, we're not really driven by big events.
Craig L. Martin: They're pretty well distributed quarter-by-quarter. So we'll see a few big events in this current quarter, we'll see a few more in the third quarter, and fourth quarter -- our fiscal quarters I'm talking about. There's a whole series of big jobs that just kind of are flowing into the industry and into competition and into selection, and we expect it more than our share.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, I think you will see -- because of the nature of the business having a high degree of consultancy, that book-to-bill will tend to be shorter in terms of the relative duration, and so book-to-bill will be in that 1.05 to 1.10 range.
Craig L. Martin: No, it was spread across all 3 of the market sectors, predominantly in the industrial and public and institutional sectors. A tiny bit went into the process side. The backlog is consistent with its historic levels, shows steady but not great growth. Remember Australia on the mining and minerals side has really struggled over the last year or so. But we see the backlog as -- for SKM as the positive for our outlook as we go forward, and there's nothing about that, that suggests we need to revise our thinking about its contribution in the next couple of years.
Craig L. Martin: Second part of your question, I think what you'll see with respect to that whole part of the pie that is public institutional, that its relative share will stay about the same. And my reason for that is that while the U.S. part of it as a share will probably be a smaller percentage, we're picking up a fairly significant share of that market from SKM in all of Asia Pacific. We're seeing a rebound in the business in the U.S. and the U.K. and so overall, I don't think that the whole public institutional piece, buildings, infrastructure and national governments will shrink very much. I don't think it will grow very much either. With respect to the national government's part, we're picking up a stronger position in Australia and in the defense market and of course, I'm very upbeat about the expansion of our position in the nuclear industry in the U.K. So I don't -- again, I don't -- the U.S. share of that national government's market probably won't grow a lot, maybe a little bit but the overall national government's market will be stable or slightly growing.
Craig L. Martin: Probably not beyond -- we might see it as a big difference. I doubt it. When you see it at the bottom line, it's a big difference, if you know what I'm saying. Because cost to serve and those things make a big difference as you go around the world.
Craig L. Martin: As I sit here today, there are a couple of things out there that are interesting. I don't know that they're bigger. I don't know that any of those are going to actually mature into an opportunity for us or anybody else. So I'd say that our expectation for the rest of this year is probably mostly niche acquisitions going forward and if there's -- and if we start to see things that have -- will have a bigger impact on the numbers or that are -- would have a big impact on the business, we'll signal that I think, pretty clearly before we get too close.
Craig L. Martin: We believe it is a market opportunity for Jacobs. We're involved in some high potential feed work in that area. Whether that will turn into real projects or not, I'm not that confident yet but I think, as I may have mentioned on a call before, because we're not seen as an LNG player, we're seen as somebody who could be innovative about small LNG and I think that gives us a really interesting position in that aspect of the market.
Craig L. Martin: Let me go to the power business first. You're right, there are a number of nice sized, privately held firms who have good positions in the power industry and whose positions are very consistent with our relationship-based business model. And to your point, they are -- the ownership, the leadership is aging and that does usually create -- seeming [ph] opportunities for us. But remember that these acquisitions are always opportunistic, we have to have a willing seller, as well as a willing buyer. So we continue to stop by and visit those folks and make sure they know we're interested and that we would love to have them be a part of the future. And sooner or later, one of them will say yes but it's just impossible to predict when that might happen. With respect to the LNG side, most of what we see right now is not really a technology play in the sense of technologies for gasification. It's much more a play in terms of knowing how to modularize small facilities, small projects and being able to deal with the aspects that go with that. So I don't know that we'd be out looking for any small LNG technology companies. Again, we're really not trying to be in the technology supply business but much more in the honest broker engineering know-how side of the business.
Craig L. Martin: The list is growing. So there can be new additions to the list and we've had some unannounceable success in winning some of those. So the story is good, I just can't tell it to you.
Craig L. Martin: The other aspect is that most of the folks you hear from, at least in our industry, are focused on big events. And these won't be big events, these are $100 million, $400 million, probably averaged about $200 million in size. And so I think even though it's very attractive work, most of our competitors aren't going to make a big noise about it because it isn't big project stuff, unless of course it's absolutely right at the center of our business.
Craig L. Martin: I think it's partly is we were -- I'm speculating here, I can't pretend to understand why oil companies say what they say. But I think that might be part of it. I think there is some belief that they're going to get some relaxation from the EPA on these standards and there's no money in it for them. And I don't know that if I were in that business, that I'd spent a lot of time telling you how much money I was going to have to spend to get no return.
Craig L. Martin: Yes. We see a lot of activity and maintenance. It has been improving steadily, frankly, since the big turndown in 2008, 2009. And I have every reason to think it's going to continue to do so. The summer, or spring and summer turnaround activity looks good to us as we sit here today. But of course, turnarounds can be deferred almost on a moment's notice, depending on what's happening in the industry in terms of capacity and production. So I think the outlook is good and getting better but it is a day by day business.
Craig L. Martin: A lot of the derivatives work is being completed as we speak. So I think we'll start to see pre-feed, feed signs of activities around those ethylene units over the next couple 3 [ph] quarters. The cycle for construction is in that 3 years, maybe a little more. So you can expect big field services activities, probably another 12, 18 months out.
Craig L. Martin: For the most part, Indian engineering for these sort of work share projects globally are all priced in dollars. So the benefit's actually more to the margins than it is to the competitiveness.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I have believed for some time and I continue to believe that our industry needs to consolidate and it will continue to do so and I think we will see both small consolidations, a lot of the things Jacobs traditionally has done, midsized consolidations like the SKM deal for us and then I think there's still a potential for some fairly significant -- not sure of public companies but public company scale businesses to be acquired as well. Whether that money comes from combinations of U.S. businesses or some businesses, the European or Asian with U.S. businesses, I don't know that I can predict that. I don't think anybody found the Foster Wheeler thing particularly surprising, except at least maybe a little to me at least, the price. But I think that we're going to see more of that because I think there are more companies out there that don't have the market diversity or the geographic diversity they need to survive in the competitive marketplace in the future.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I don't know if you were on the call on for the discussion about whose paper we're going to be doing some of these big projects on. I think that we will see some of these big projects go in to execute in the next year. So in one sense, I'd say yes, in the other sense though, in terms of whose paper the procurement or construction activities might be on, there's a lot of uncertainty about that. We've got a couple of these big jobs that we've won already and the size of the booking is a bit very dependent on what the customer decides to do about whether it's on our paper or their paper. And of course, there is also the direct hire aspect to that, whether or not we do the construction. So I see some of those projects definitely going in to execute, I just can't tell you what the dollar impact on our backlog or revenue might be, though these other issues are sorted.
Craig L. Martin: It will appear to be higher margins. In terms of absolute dollars, it will be about the same. The exceptions of that is when we do direct-hire construction and that carries an additional margin flow of its own.
Craig L. Martin: Yes, the markets are very interesting markets. There are a couple of decent size players, by that I mean, multi-hundred million kind of revenues. One public, one not public, when I think of the 2 biggest. I think there's plenty of room for another major player at that multi-hundred million, billion dollar plus kind of revenue club because the vast majority of work in that industry is still done by what I'll characterize as mom-and-pop operations. And there's a lot of inefficiency created by that. There's a lot of desire on the customer's part that have a 1 source kind of go-to operation. So in our outlook for that business, is very high. We're going to sign a key executive and exclusive with that business to see if we can't drive it faster rather than slower. I'm looking at him as I'm saying that. And we'll do that through or a combination of organic growth, some niche acquisitions and if we find the right one, some slightly larger acquisitions. Most of the businesses that are out there to acquire are going to be small, so they won't be a lot different than FMHC was, to maybe twice that size. So half that size to twice that size will be the typical acquisition, but there's a lot of opportunities to do that. So it's a combination of roll ups, maybe there's a big deal to do in organic growth but I think this is one of those places where we get very rapid growth.
Craig L. Martin: I'd say that SKM historically did a good job of billing and collecting and I don't think there's any reason to think that will be in different going forward.
Craig L. Martin: I want to thank you all for dialing in and listening to our story. I hope we've answered your questions. If we haven't, I know you have Mr. Prosser's phone number and he'll be glad to spend the next couple of days talking to you. Have a great week. Thank you, operator.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, Craig. I think relative to the oil sands, the amount of activity that we're seeing is not so much driven by big, major capacity expansion at the processing level, although there is certainly some of that. But there is a tremendous amount of effort and money starting to be spent on reducing the cost of capital and improving the efficiency of the oil sand collection and distribution and taking to SAGD facility. A lot of -- from, specifically in the form of well pads. A lot of our customers are looking to lower their overall cost, to begin with their capital investment, and more importantly, their [indiscernible] efficiency of how they operate those facilities. There's a lot of capital being put into that. Those don't necessarily get a lot of publicity as far as big fuel capacity expansion, but there's a lot of money being spent. The next thing, that whole concept, that approach will fall over into the design and construction of the SAGD facilities as well as far as standardization of design, getting standard specifications so we can go on a global procurement across various customers. So that's where all the efforts are being spent, and it is a lot of money, and that's where we're playing a big part of in '14 and probably in '15 as well.
George A. Kunberger: So on the Tier 3, what's been happening in the last 6 months, and this is way more technical than I can probably accurately explain, but in general, our clients have been able to buy and trade credits that manifest themselves in the form of extending the deadline for when they need to be compliant with the new law. So from the end of 2017 out a little bit, maybe even in some cases and it's different with each customer as far as even '19. And so as a result nationally, since to a large extent, these are non-ROI projects, then the clients are delaying those. But as a case by case thing, it's not a fraud issue. The second thing that you're seeing going on with the Tier 3 is naturally, if you're going to spend that kind of money to modify the refinery, they're going to see what they can do to also improve its efficiency and even its capacity. So you've got some reconfiguration and we're looking at these projects that will not only deal with the Tier 3 regulations but also what they can get out of that money they're going to spend, as far as improved profitability. But it's really -- so they are definitely being stretched out, that's for sure and that's why you haven't seen as much, probably, excitement about those particular projects in the last 3 -- last quarter as you did midpoint of last year.
George A. Kunberger: Well, I think you do the math on what you just said, $15 billion divided by 85 refineries, you're still talking about a couple hundred thousand -- a couple hundred dollars, tops in over 2 or 3 years, so I think all of that plays if I were to agree with Craig.
