Bob Pragada: Thank you, Kevin. Turning to Slide 14. As we discussed throughout our remarks, through proactive portfolio management, we have aligned our business to sectors that continue to demonstrate robust growth through multiple economic scenarios. We continue to enhance our overall growth rate with our climate response consulting and advisory and data solutions strategic accelerators. Given the volatility of FX rates, we are providing our outlook under 2 FX scenarios: one, an outlook based on constant currency which provides greater insight of underlying business performance; and two, an outlook based on more recent FX rates. Although we transact in multiple currencies, one example for reference is the pound sterling. The full year 2022 average conversion rate for the pound sterling was $1.28 compared to $1.15 early November 2022. As footnote in our earnings release and investor presentation, based on fiscal 2022 average rate, our outlook for fiscal 2023 adjusted EBITDA is $1.465 billion to $1.545 billion and adjusted EPS of $7.60 to $7.90, up 10% and 12%, respectively, at the midpoint. Based on rates in early November, our outlook for fiscal 2023 adjusted EBITDA is $1.4 billion to $1.48 billion and adjusted EPS of $7.20 to $7.50, both up 6% at the midpoint. On a net revenue basis, the difference between these 2 scenarios is approximately $430 million. Looking beyond fiscal 2023, we remain confident achieving double-digit constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth, consistent with our strategic plan. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Bob Pragada: We do, Bert. The tailwinds that we see in the markets that we're certain, we stand by those commitments that we made on the -- in the '24 strategic line.
Bob Pragada: Sure. So let me answer the first question. On the semiconductor spend, the industry as a whole from a demand standpoint is in a bit of soft period. The client base and the geographies that we're working in, we have not seen that. And so the front end, the design work, the momentum that we've seen over the course of the last 6 to 8 quarters, that has not slowed at all. And so we're feeling comfortable about where we sit in that ecosystem of consultants to that, specifically with our client base. So we're positive on that front. On IIJA, we actually -- we are seeing those projects that we have been tracking through the development of both grants as well as the formula funding coming to fruition. Probably the bigger element to that is that the release of those monies is actually unlocking the base funding that the states previously, specifically during COVID, had locked up not knowing kind of what the future looks like. So overall, the pipeline is up on the U.S. basis and infrastructure. Our pipeline is up of 4% to 5% -- I'm sorry, 5% without IIJA, 18% with IIJA from a pipeline standpoint; so we are seeing that.
Bob Pragada: So both question, Louie, the answer is yes. The award -- the 2 awards that Steve and I specifically spoke about are coming in through those 2 at a portals or through those relationships that we had and the acquisitions that we made during that period. So we are seeing that. They are margin accretive. This -- the flip side of this is that these are awards that we had expected in previous quarters. And we talked about it a lot in previous earnings calls, that the knock-on effect of the CR has now had an effect on kind of when those things start. So we do see margins going up and these are serving as catalysts for that too.
Bob Pragada: Yes, Jerry, obviously something that we've been -- I've been thinking about a lot. Maybe a couple of precursor comments and then directly to the question. The precursor comment was and I tried to infer -- say it almost explicitly, the way Steve has run the executive team and the company has been really very inclusive. And so when you look at our strategy, not just the one that we released last March but even in '16 and '19, that's a strategy that was developed by all of us as a team. So it's not me coming in with a new strategy. I feel very, very bought in and tied to with the strategy that we have. So the first big area around our clients. The accelerators that we have are the national and global priorities that are driving the world. And so that's going to continue to drive our business as we come up with more technology-enabled and client-driven type solutions. The second is around investments in our people. Our people have delivered time and time again over decades. But if you look at the profile of our people, although our business is weighted towards the U.S., our -- we have about a 55-45 U.S. versus outside of the U.S. profile of our people, really driven around that global delivery that we've counted for so long. And so those investments and continued driving around inclusion and diversity and sourcing talent from all over the world is going to be really, really important. And the last piece I'd say is around resilience. Resilience in our business with regards to our systems and how we run the company but also simplicity of our business. We've diversified the business and we've tried to have direct access to our clients. But making that -- having simplicity in the forefront is really key as well. So kind of segregated in those 3 main areas.
Bob Pragada: Just to put some -- just to quantify Kevin's last comment, the pipeline growth in PA alone this quarter was 52% year-on-year. So the pipeline continues to grow. And the way we evaluate pipeline within the PA world, since it's a pure-play consultancy, are projects, programs, engagements where we already actually have started a bit of them, too. So these are promising as well as the programs that were announced in the budget that Kevin referenced. Other programs that PA and Jacobs are actually partnered on right now. So that's -- hence, the bit of positivity there along with some realism of the last couple of months on what's gone down.
Bob Pragada: Yes, got it. Okay. In infrastructure, the opportunities continue to grow. I'd say broadly driven mostly in the U.S. but we're seeing this and Steve talked about the international -- I'm sorry, Kevin talked about the international business but heavily geared towards transportation and water with a growing profile around energy transition. And so those are kind of the 3 main areas. Environmental continues to be robust. So, we see those -- I mean, the pipeline growth I talked about before, has been really, really strong. On the acquisitions, that's a business where StreetLight Data probably was the last -- the one that we did, it was a smaller acquisition. And we are immediately seeing fit that we had anticipated in the deal kind of thesis around StreetLight all around that data-enabled [indiscernible] data in driving a different type of solution for our clients. They had clients before, predominantly the state DOTs in the U.S. but that's been expanded with our relationships. And then we're seeing private sector utilization too, as private sector firms have looked at the use of data in order to cite different investments that they're making from a capital project perspective; so very positive news on that front.
Bob Pragada: If I could add, Kevin, while we're adding on those end markets that do have a quicker burn profile, all 3 of us today talked about the growth in advanced facilities where that has been a catalyst for growth. So though the top line might be in those numbers that were quoted, I did think -- we did say on a constant currency basis, our bottom line growth would be double digits. So I think there's some real optimism in the portfolio.
Bob Pragada: Sure. I'd say that the recompete exposure in '23 is moderate to low. We -- it's predominantly in our CMS business and we've already gotten some real positive indications of some of those larger ones that are -- I say there's only a couple. So I would not characterize that as a big exposure in '23.
Bob Pragada: Maybe I could you like to add one more thing, just on what drives backlog which is sales at, we've put a tremendous amount we've been a sales-driven company for since inception. I think Dr. Jacob started that mantra. Our sales-driven growth and the investments we've made, [indiscernible] now our new Chief Growth Officer as well, has been very, very specific as our portfolio has developed over the period -- this most recent period of time. So we're putting the full force effort on our sales effort as the pipeline continues to grow; so timing is good.
Bob Pragada: Yes. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining our earnings call. I'm looking forward to providing further updates on our progress and upcoming events and calls. Have a -- for those of you in the U.S., have a wonderful Thanksgiving.
Kevin Berryman: The other thing, Louis, though, '21 was the high point. So I would say that the underlying business is returning. We had some other events in 2021 that accelerated the margin a little bit higher. We had some one-off closeouts which were pretty strong. But I think in 2023, the underlying is getting back up well into the 8s, I would say. So maybe not all the way back up to the -- I think we were at 9% in 2021 but we're going to get underlying to be quite consistent with 2021.
Kevin Berryman: Yes. Okay, got that. All right. Thanks, Mike. So look, People & Places continue to show good margin profile and backlog as well. So I think that's obviously, a very critical part of our strategy. When we think about delivering more value-added solutions, the margin is it's got to come with it. So the backlog margin profile is better in People & Places and also it's better in PA as well. And the dynamic of PA relative to the Q4 number really was effectively the continued utilization we -- to get up to around 20%. We fell a little bit short of that but it's continuing to improve and we would expect that we'll get back up to those more normalized levels that we saw over the course of '22 -- early '22 relative to the margin profile there.
Kevin Berryman: Jamie, about the cash flow. Yes, we feel continued strength in our cash flow is expected over the course of 2023, that provides us degrees of freedom, to your point, about how we will deploy that additional capital that's available. So look, I think we continue to monitor the M&A front, I think we were very clear during our strategy as to where we would probably be focusing those ideas and thoughts relative to the 3 accelerators that we outlined in strategy and we're continuing to monitor those opportunities. There are things out there that are being evaluated obviously. Got to result in bid equalling ask where we feel like we can add an ROIC and a return profile to our shareholders that are appropriate; and so we'll see how that plays out. Of course, we also talked about during the prepared remarks, the proactive stance that we've been taking on the share repurchases. And so we feel like we're well positioned to be able to act when appropriate relative to a potential strategic opportunity and/or do share buybacks when there's market dislocation.
Kevin Berryman: Maybe I'll make some comments first and then have my partners here add any additional commentary to think appropriate. So look, I think we feel pretty good about the continuing resolution, given the makeup of the Senate and the House and how that's going to be coming together. And we just had a really deep dive review from a government relations team feeling pretty good about how things are going to play out over the course of this quarter. So we don't believe that there is going to be a continuing resolution that extends well into 2023. We're hoping that that will become resolved near the end of the calendar year. So I think that we're already starting to see, regardless of that continuing resolution, some momentum building relative to what Bob alluded to as -- and I made some comments on in terms of the cyber and intelligence business starting to get unlocked relative to bids being awarded and whatnot. So, we think that the combination of those 2 things are embedded into our guidance. And I feel -- we feel pretty good about it actually.
Kevin Berryman: So if you look at the ramp-up of the year, certainly, that large win is part of the equation but it ends up kind of building over the course of 2023. And so it's less of a direct impact in 2023. What we do believe and our view on the U.K. is that we've -- I guess, I would characterize us as being underwhelmed by the level of activity -- productive activity in the government which has actually put some pressure in the short term relative to the U.K. But with the recent budget that was announced and some of the activity of our clients is starting to look much better. So we're feeling like longer-term into 2023, that we're going to start to see some incremental momentum versus kind of what we've been seeing over the last, I'm going to call it, 6 months. So, we're feeling that things will start to improve. The other thing is that the backlog and the pipeline of PA, we're seeing no challenges associated with that. Seeing a little bit of the burn profile, as mentioned just earlier relative to the, I'm going to call it, the unknown relative to the U.K. government but we're starting to see that instance in that issue going away as we speak.
Kevin Berryman: So the business is effectively operational right now and we will be executing against the promise that we made relative to reporting that as a separate segment on the financials. So Sean, we're on track to do that. So I think that we'll -- we're going to provide additional color commentary because we're still working through all of the accounting mechanisms to make sure that our systems are reporting accurately and the controls are in place because it's a pretty large change. But I will tell you that it will be one of the highest growth areas that we're expecting in the company for 2023. And effectively, it will be a margin profile that will be growing substantially over time, a little bit lower in 2023 than what we expect at the exit rate. But at the end of the day, we'll provide a lot of details in Q1 relative to that.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, if you think about the high single digits in terms of constant currency growth, I think that's pretty strong actually. And look, I think that the bottom line is -- for example, Bob just quoted the pipeline growth in the United States of near 20% kind of growth in the pipeline. It just takes a while for that to kind of [indiscernible] be won and then start to build the burn associated with it. So you're relying on your clients as much as you are anything else to be able to execute against that. And they're sometimes not as quick as we are ready to execute. So look, I think it's a growing momentum. And I think we're being prudent assuming how that's going to build over the course of 2023.
Kevin Berryman: The only one that -- we've called out the one at Kennedy which is -- that's a big one but we feel good about our position there.
Kevin Berryman: No. Look, the dynamic -- I don't have the FX dynamic specifically outlined but certainly, we can follow up with you, Andy, on that. But if you think about it, our corporate-related costs that support costs are embedded around the world. And so effectively, if you have U.K., for example, corporate-related costs, they're getting translated into a lower rate effectively. So the value of those costs go down and that effectively had some benefits associated with us because it's all -- it's effectively corporate costs and not corporate revenue. So if you get the difference between the two. And then look, we have known that the constant currency dynamic was still robust but we knew that the reported currency continued to be a challenge and we are very proactive in terms of taking steps to ensure that we reach the commitment levels that we had established for the company. So we pay attention to this and very, very proactive in terms of the management of our cost structure during Q4.
Kevin Berryman: Well, I will tell you that, as you may know, backlog is one of our incentive metrics. And I can assure you that our incentives are based on backlog continuing to show very strong growth year-over-year.
