John W. Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and welcome, everyone. I'll quickly go through the financial highlights for the quarter and the year and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to give us a more in-depth business overview. If you turn to Slide 4, in the package, these are also the information that was reported last night in our earnings release. We did have a very good quarter and year with diluted EPS of $0.83 for the quarter and for the year came in at $2.94. In both of these numbers included is a $0.03 one-time gain that arose from the sale of our iron ore palletizing technology. Also just to clarify that, we do still continue to have active projects in utilizing that technology, but the part that we owned of it, we sold to the equipment manufacturer that felt that they could take better utilization of the technology itself. So it's a one-time gain but it's also a continuing part of our business. Backlog for the year ended up at $15.9 billion. That's up both from the quarter and from last year strongly. We had a very good book-to-bill for the year, 1.15. And so we continue to have a strong balance sheet. Our total cash position was just over $1 billion at the end of the year. Net cash was over $500 million. And we're initiating guidance for fiscal year '13 in a range of $3 to $3.50 per share. You see on this Slide that it says fiscal year '12 but that is for '13. Moving to the next Slide, this just shows track of our growth over the last 6 years and underneath, the earnings and earnings-per-share graph show our 10-year compounded annual growth rate. So while we dipped under our long-term rate of 15%, we still are tracking very close to that and believe that, that still is our long-term goal of being able to perform at that 15% annual compounded growth rate. Turning to Slide 6, history of our backlog shows nice growth, again, over last year, both in the Field Services and the underlying technical professional services, as we've been talking about. If you look over the last few years, our technical, professional services have been leading our growth and now we're starting to see that the transition to where that work is moving more into the field. And so over the next -- certainly, over the next 12 to 18 months, we would expect to see the Field Services component of our backlog and of our operating revenues to start increasing going forward. And with that, I will turn it over to Craig Martin to go into more depth on the quarter.
John W. Prosser: Well as you all know, we don't typically give guidance within guidance. The range is what it is. But obviously, there's lot of activities out there in the world that are very mixed. As Craig went through the markets, there are some markets that are very strong. Looked like they're getting stronger and, certainly, if we're successful in doing what we think we can, those will help drive performance over towards the higher end. On the other hand, when you look at the economies, particularly even just here in the U.S. with some of the issues that are being addressed between now and the first of the year, that need to be addressed by Congress and such, there's a number of potentials that could have some negative impacts on activities. And with economies in other parts of the world that are questionable, I mean, just look at China which any given day you read articles about China and you have such a wide range of expectations from very low growth, things are really much better than everybody anticipate. So there's just an awful lot of mixed signals. So I think that's driven us, as we've looked at it, to have a little bit wider guidance than what we have in the past and just because there is a lot of opportunities for both pluses and minuses throughout our operations and around the globe.
John W. Prosser: If you look out for the year, the first quarter, because of holidays and such, it always is a little tougher quarter on the margins, particularly as we've, last few years, had a greater part of our business coming from the technical, professional services that are more impacted by holidays and such than Field Services just because of fee flow and things like that. Added to that, with the change in administration, even though the elections came out pretty much status quo, there will be changes in cabinet posts and in some of the appointed folks just because of the natural turnover even when you have the same parties in power and same people in power. So get a little bit of -- work could get a little bit slowdown in some of the activities and such through the quarter. Even an event like Sandy on the East Coast, we have a number of people up and down the East Coast. So offices were closed for a few days and so you have an impact on margin. In the short term, they probably will have some impact on the first quarter but actually, with some of the other work that's being picked up from that, because of our relationships with a number of the agencies in the cities and states who are affected as well as the federal government, we'll probably see a little pickup in overall business and evaluations, and just restoration and work and such like that. So over the year, it might be a positive, but in the short run, in the first quarter, it could be a little bit of a negative. So when you put all those things together, we'll probably see a pattern where the first quarter is a little softer than trends. Like last couple of years, it might be a little down from the fourth quarter to where we'll see a pickup through the year with the end of the year being strong. So I wouldn't be surprised by a pattern that has been similar to the last couple of years as in this last year, we did have a significant down in the second quarter. I wouldn't expect to see that in any given quarter.
John W. Prosser: Yes, I think one impact as we look forward is if we are successful in conversions and such and we see the pickup in construction and construction management activity, that might push it a little bit higher. But that would be the major -- the only change that I would see that would be something that would push it above that kind of the 1.1, 1.2 range.
John W. Prosser: Well, there's all mix of things that improved our margins. One was we did have a very good operating quarter and I think as we've talked before, there's always things that go up and down at any given quarter and this was a quarter that was very clean for many surprises or unusual cost or things like that. But also, with our billable hours moving up and activity moving up, we're seeing an increase in our activity that we're moving to our value engineering centers like India. That actually has a beneficial impact on our margins because we are able to maintain close to the dollar level of margins on those hours, but obviously the cost base is much lower. And as we share hours between 2 or 3 different offices. So that does have a positive impact in the overall mix. Craig mentioned in the -- we do have different margin profiles between, even within the professional services and technical Services, between different markets just because of the way pricing is developed and such like that. So I think there's a lot of factors that move it from quarter-to-quarter but underlying it is the fact that we are seeing pickups in pricing and in the positive mix that we're getting from the Middle East, from -- this workshare is all going together. In the quarter, we had a good level of activity in turnaround and field, which actually the turnaround tends to not have as much of the pass-through cost in it that pure construction would have or total construction. So it tends to have a little bit of a margin impact, positive margin impact as oppose to the larger construction projects.
John W. Prosser: No, I think we're still looking at the fact that we believe there's a lot of opportunities for acquisitions and growth in that respect. The cash balance and our credit facilities give us the strength to be able to pursue those actively and become an attractive buyer to folks that are looking to sell. So I think that our current outlook is still that the primary purpose of that cash is for acquisitions and growth. We always review periodically other aspects and certainly if we ever got to the point where we felt the cash was greater than what we could deploy back into the business, we'd have to consider other things such as buybacks or whatever. But generally, for the current timeframe, our outlook hasn't changed and we think the market is still very opportune for acquisitions.
John W. Prosser: If things do move towards construction like we expect them to be, we will see the mix changing and that's because of the bigger construction projects tend to have little lower overall margins but bigger revenues. You'll see revenues that will be growing may be a little bit more than what they had the last couple of years. Margins having a little bit of pressure on them. But underlying that, I think that on -- the individual pieces will show steady to improving margins because, for the most part, a lot of the public or the private sector markets are improving. And with that, we tend to see a little bit better pricing in all and as we -- so I think that it’s kind of a roundabout answer but we'd expect over -- maybe not just over '13, but over the next 2 or 3 years to see that shift taking place as we move maybe back more toward 50-50 on the revenue side, based on pressure on the margins and so the revenue will grow a little faster in order to get the bottom line growth.
John W. Prosser: The turnaround activity is broader than just the refining. It's also in the upstream, particularly in the SAGD and such like that. So it's not just focused on refining. It's a little bit broader than that.
John W. Prosser: First part of your comment. Yes, at the gross margin level, there's significant difference between Professional Services and Field Services. At the operating margin line, while they are much closer, generally speaking, there is still a differential with the Technical Services being a little higher than the Field Services. And I hate to get too technical -- many layers down, but even within the Field Services you get different margin profiles. Long-term maintenance tends to be a lower margin than turnarounds and turnarounds tend to be a little bit better than full construction activities. So there's a mix within there that in any short-term or any quarter can have an impact on it as well. But overall, when you look at Field Services activity, and it's been relatively flat for the last couple of years, the margins, even the operating margins, there is a little differential and Technical Services margins tend to be little bit higher than the Field Services.
John W. Prosser: Noel Watson is here with us and Noel is kind of looking over the Middle East in pretty close detail for us. I'll ask Noel to comment.
Craig L. Martin: Just to amplify. I've seen 6 forecasts for China growth next year ranging from what people are calling a doomsday scenario of 4% or 5%, all the way up to 9% or 10%. It's pretty hard to sit here today and predict what those various growth rates might mean. The same is true with something like sequestration. We could get the full bill as it's outlined today. We could get some form of sequestration light or we could get none at all. And it's pretty hard to tell what those things mean. So it does drive a pretty wide range and as you can imagine, big growth in China and no sequestration would be more positive for Jacobs than the opposite.
Craig L. Martin: I think in terms of the petrochemical cycle that we think is coming up as a result of these low gas prices, we're extremely well positioned. Probably as well-positioned as we've ever been. We have strong relationships with the major spenders. We have geographic positioning that's better than most of our competition. And so I think if anything, our opportunity to take additional share of whatever the pie turns out to be is pretty good. We also have scale that we certainly didn't have in the '90s and I think that'll be an advantage to us as well. And we have the largest high-value engineering center, I believe, of any of our competitors in India. So the cost effectiveness of our offering is probably as good or better than you can expect to see from anyone else. I think it all adds up to a real positive and that's why I'm particularly bullish about what the petrochemical cycle could mean to us. That being said, there are parts of that business that we will not be active in. For example, we don't have ethylene technology and we won't be the primary engineer or contractor for the inside battery limits kinds of work where those kinds of technologies or similar technologies are involved. On the derivatives side and the sort of OSB, our outside battery limits, that means utilities and offsites, that business is, again, ideally suited to Jacobs. We're working already at many of the sites where these big investments are going to go. We know those sites well. I think that, again, will help us take a disproportionate share of the business. But as you know, it's a fiercely competitive market and there are lots of us in it. So all that has to be tempered a bit with lots of competition.
Craig L. Martin: We saw some real negatives in Australia. I think I mentioned that we thought that we would see that last quarter, and we did. So there, particularly in the minings and minerals business, that was a painful experience for us. But we're not yet a giant player in Australia. We're not a WorleyParsons or one of those companies in the Australian marketplace. So the overall impact on our numbers wasn't as significant. Around the rest of the world, the markets remained pretty strong and in proportion to my comments about them earlier today. So the markets that we said were strong are very strong, remained strong or very strong. The markets that we said were improving or mixed, pretty much stayed there as well. The good news is we didn't have any markets really going south on us like, say, other than the geography of Australia. And I think that was a positive for us during the quarter. We also had a quarter that was not dependent at all on big events. That's been true for some time now and I think that's a positive as well in terms of where we're positioned. It's not to say there aren't some big events out there. But it's not where we're focused and I think that's -- our business model is doing a good job of helping us continue to growth in a play -- in a market where maybe if we were a big event company, we'd be having a different conversation on this call.
Craig L. Martin: I certainly think of the SAGD side of it is the less sensitive from an oil price point of view, although that’s not to say it isn't sensitive, because it is. I think there also some sensitivities to SAGD by terms of what's happening on the unconventional oil and gas side and whether some of those reserves will be cheaper to get. But overall, I think SAGD businesses is going to continue to be good for us and like I say, we are getting in the back end of some of the mining and minerals style projects, the mine to sands. But I do think the mining-related projects probably have the most chance of moving to the right, and that's really not where we spend our time and energy.
Craig L. Martin: Well, the part of our business that's most exposed to the fiscal cliff is the federal government business. So that's that piece that we call national governments. And certainly, if, in fact, the sequestration happens, it will have an impact. We expect that impact, in terms of available market, to be more of a '14 than a '13 kind of issue. So we don't think it'll have very much impact at all on this year. With respect to the impact we think it will have as you look out into late '13, '14, we think we can continue to grow share and maintain our overall position even in the reduced market. And so we think we're in a pretty good position to continue to grow. The rest of our business is not likely to be affected, except to the extent that sequestration causes some sort of overall recession or economic problems in the U.S. that are significant, it puts us back in another deep recession. That could impact our other customers' spending and could have some impact on us as well. But for the most part, we think we can sort of just bulldog our way through the effects of sequestration and continue to keep the company on a growth path.
Craig L. Martin: I have Tom Hammond here who has responsibility for that part of our U.K. business. I'll as Tom to comment.
Craig L. Martin: I don’t really expect the public-private balance to shift very much. I think it's likely to stay somewhere in the same range, plus or minus a few percentage points. And the reason for that is that there are parts of the public market that remain basically lump sum, competitively-bid delivery models, and we're just not going to be in that business. So there's a part of the public market that's, one, we choose not to capitalize on. And that probably means it won't be 50-50. Because our private sector customers are very much willing to contract for construction on the kind of basis where we are comfortable with the risk.
Craig L. Martin: Another way to look at it may be is if the mix didn't change, we would not need 12% revenue growth to get 12% bottom line growth. But as the mix changes, that sort of upsets the equation.
Craig L. Martin: I think 2013 will be better than '12, but I actually think '14 will be better than '13 in the refining business.
Craig L. Martin: It looks like they will. So a number of the big turnarounds that didn't happen in '12, there at least to have a lot of discussion about in '13 doing turnaround planning for those turnarounds. So I think the turnaround season in '13 will be stronger than it was in '12. And I don't have a forecast for turnaround specifically when you get out past '13.
Craig L. Martin: We still feel pretty good about it. The projects that we have in study phase or detail design appear to us to be projects that are going to go forward with customers who have real business needs to do those projects. So I would say, in the aggregate, we're pretty positive about our position with our existing portfolio. We're also pretty positive about our ability to penetrate that small cap and sustaining capital business as these bigger projects work their way through the system.
Craig L. Martin: We don't see any advantage to acquisitions in terms of the U.S. process engineering capacity. It's really just a matter of attracting the people to do the work. We have the infrastructure and the geography to have -- to meet that requirement. So I don't think that's a big consideration. As we look at M&A multiples, we have not yet seen a lot of movement. But the fact that we're not looking for acquisitions along the Gulf coast, in particular, may mean that there's movement there and we're just not aware of it. In the overall global market, multiples have, if anything, softened just a little bit. With respect to the margin impact of all of this work, we think there'll be some positives out of the margin impact, but we think it's probably late '13 kind of where it really starts to move the needle.
Craig L. Martin: I have frankly have heard all kinds of numbers recently from different sources. The low side of what I've heard is in fact $65. I think that's probably lower than the truth. The high side is in the high 70s right at 80. To my way of thinking, that's probably closer but maybe a little on the high side. But that's the range that we're hearing and different customers seem to be looking at it differently.
Craig L. Martin: Thank you, Denise. We had what I think of as a really good quarter. I'm proud of the performance of our team. It brought us in from a pretty good year, not quite up to our 15% growth objective but still in a year where we've made very few acquisitions, we did quite well. As we look to '13, I think the outlook is the same. I expect us to do well even in spite of the uncertainties. I think there are various ways under various scenarios that we can continue to grow the company nicely. And so we have a pretty good outlook and we're pretty upbeat about what FY '13 and beyond looks like for Jacobs. And with that, thank you, all, for listening.
Thomas R. Hammond: It's unlikely that we're going to participate in the Magnox rebid, but the opportunities, and we've been very successful at winning multiple contracts, at Sellafield in the projects there, ongoing, we're part of several teams and several projects, and this includes decommissioning and cleanup. It also includes new projects to deliver the Sellafield mission going forward. On the particular Magnox sites, we're very active as a second tier contractor. And I think that we're somewhat immune from the rebid because those second-tier contracts will continue to be [indiscernible] regardless of what the results of the prime contract bid would be.
Thomas R. Hammond: Well, I think, let me address the maintenance business first. First of all, that business doesn’t -- the mix of customers does not change dramatically year-to-year. That's a long-term business and typically while owners may recompete periodically, it's typically on a 3, 5, 7-year kinds of cycles. So what drives that business from our standpoint on a more day-to-day basis is, is a particular owner, where we're on the site, going to do a major turnaround that year or not. That's a far bigger driver than we add a site or lose a site on a year-to-year basis. In terms of the engineering activities, we have a good mix of projects in both early phase, study phase, speed phase as well as the detail design and ready to move into the construction phases. I think we'll see a lot of activity in the spring of this year. We've got a couple of programs that have life to them where projects are working their way through and they're very large. And that's very positive. I think the biggest variable up in Canada right now, from a business standpoint, is the projects are reaching the point where they're going to go into construction and for Jacobs that means an opportunity to do the construction but also leverage our modular shops in Edmonton and in Charleston and Pickering to support the construction activities. Craig said it, '13 is going to be far stronger than '12. We think '14 will be better than '13.
Thomas R. Hammond: Well, the competition is fierce but that's true just about everywhere in the world all the time. We have a very strong presence in Calgary. It's a good market and obviously, that entices others to try to dip their toe into that market and see what they can do. But our competitors remain the same -- our real competitors remain kind of the same cast of characters they always have been.
