Bob Pragada: Thank you, Kevin. Turning to Slide 12. Our portfolio is positioned to benefit from multiple secular growth trends across our core sectors with the opportunity to structurally increase our long term earnings power by executing against our growth accelerators of climate response, data solutions and consulting and advisory. We reiterate our outlook for fiscal 2023 adjusted EBITDA of $1.4 billion to $1.48 billion and adjusted EPS to $7.20 to $7.50, which incorporates recent FX rates. In closing, I would like to reiterate my priorities as CEO to maintain an inspirational and inclusive culture that will capitalize on our growth accelerators and drive long term returns for our shareholders. Before we open up the call for questions, I'd like to take a moment to express my sincere condolences on behalf of Jacobs to all those affected by the terrible earthquakes that occurred in Turkey and Syria earlier this week. Our employees have yet again demonstrated a culture of caring and practice by raising their hands to seek ways to support those most impacted by this tragedy. I'm proud to lead a company that rises to the calling in such challenging circumstances. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Bob Pragada: From a resources standpoint, Michael, I'd say that we're feeling comfortable. And really, it goes back to what we've talked about previously. Our use of global talent has really balanced our ability to deliver on our clients’ expectations. So it's not where the capital is being deployed. It doesn't necessarily map to where we source talent and deliver the solutions that were expected and can deliver. So we're really positive about the resources front. As far as of the areas that we're looking at, I'd say that specifically in infrastructure and even more specifically in energy transition is providing some real overextended growth opportunities. And that was very evident this quarter in our growth in pipeline, I talked about double digit composite for the entirety of our insectors, the highest was energy transition. And we've got a great base, great talent, great solutions and with work that we've already been doing in the renewable space for quite a while, it's serving us well.
Bob Pragada: So let me answer the last part first. I think that the infrastructure ramp up is pretty locked in with regards to IIJ. And then the effects that the IRA and the CHIPS Act will be supplemental to that. My comment about the end of the year is that those three will be in real time. So we're feeling comfortable about that four year time line. I think what's also important to understand is that when we -- the difference between the appropriation, the deployment of the funds and capital and then the duration of the projects, programs and engagements, that has a tail on it that's six to seven years. And so you see -- Kevin talked about the backlog growth in revenue being kind of in that mid single digits, but the gross margin being in double digits on a constant currency basis, that's really a function of where we are in the phasing of that work. So comfortable on that front. As far as could that mean incremental growth to what we've already projected in our out year plan, we're feeling strongly that it could really be a big part of the company. So we're optimistic.
Bob Pragada: If I could add just one item to what Kevin said. When we talk about energy transition, please keep in mind that, that includes components of CMS that’s around our our nuclear new build and the AMR SMR technologies that we have, and we're seeing some real opportunities and growth in Europe that will be contributing to the margin profile that Kevin mentioned.
Bob Pragada: And right now, the programs, Michael, that we're looking at are not totally insulated, but we've got a strong view on those programs being funded here in the near term -- awarded.
Bob Pragada: And then, Robert, maybe I'll make a couple of comments on the markets. The reason why we highlighted those four sectors that we did is the tailwinds that we are seeing and it's materializing in the double digit pipeline growth, the backlog growth that we're seeing and our bookings performance, all leading indicators to strengthen those markets. The burn of those bookings is something we continue to monitor very closely. But the stage that we're coming in on those programs are creating a higher level of utilization, specifically in the US for the Jacobs business.
Bob Pragada: Louie, I think if you go back over a decade ago, that lumpiness was -- in the time between cycles, whether it be semi or in life sciences was a lot longer. We're seeing those cycles contract look at the current semi cycle as well. And so we think that, that long term growth aspect versus what we used to see a decade ago, we've demonstrated that the diversity of our portfolio has been able to really sustain that. You mentioned '22, it was also '21 as well. So we're feeling really positive there. The other item I would highlight is that it's the reason what's driving these growth catalysts, the reason why we highlighted the supply chain disruption as well as technology advancements is that in the past, the lumpiness was driven by demand. And so capacity was almost exclusively tied to demand and then you could just map it via economic cycles. Today, that has completely changed and the drivers are more driven around technology advancements, reshaping of supply chains from the east to the west as well as innovations that are happening in, whether it be chip design or novel therapy. So the drivers also give us that level of confidence too.
Bob Pragada: Maybe I'll talk first on the recompetes. Outside of Kennedy, for the next 12 to 18 months, I think that was the time line that you put it at nothing of that size. We have smaller recompetes that are probably a little less under the radar -- a little bit more under the radar. But those are well within the normal cycle of our business. On the CR with new programs, Gautam, that's one where we continue to be very sensitive to that. From a recompete standpoint, those could end up being upside for us, because we're on programs that are continuing to be determined. But I think the diversity of our portfolio has lessened the impact of what we saw historically with CRs. And so I think that's where -- I think it would not be wise of us to predict the effect of CRs. But I think the diversity is where we see the hedge and we feel confident about our business.
Bob Pragada: Our confidence is solid. As whether it be NASA or other clients you could even outside the aerospace world, we've grown with our clients. So the intimacy that we have with the science of our clients’ business has allowed us to be their long term advocate and long term partner. So wherever the space industry goes, a movement to commercial, which we're involved with or in other areas of exploration, we've been a part of that journey and a valued partner. So we're feeling confident.
Bob Pragada: I'd say it's broad based. This is -- again, when we keep reiterating, moving up the value chain with our clients, these are higher higher level technically complex as well as digitally enabled offerings that we have now in the marketplace, which is driving that higher margin in our backlog. And so it's not acutely focused in a specific one area, it's across the board.
Bob Pragada: All right. Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for joining our earnings call. Looking forward to future calls and providing further updates on upcoming events and on our further calls. So thank you very much, and have a great week.
Kevin Berryman: So look, I think the M&A pipeline, we have a list of opportunities at every single point in time. There are things that are of interest. But ultimately, I would suggest to you that we really have nothing to comment on other than we do believe there's some things that are aligned with our strategy. And remember, how we think about our deployment of capital against M&A is to be aligned with our accelerators. So it's climate response, that's data consulting, data solutions and data -- consulting and advisory. So those are the areas we're continuing to focus on. And certainly, given the strong cash flow that we continue to generate, we'll have degrees of freedom to deploy that capital as appropriate when we see value added opportunities.
Kevin Berryman: The focus 2023 to the extent that there is any indications that are really related to the real estate impairment. It's part of our overall Focus 2023 initiative. So it's not over and above the kind of real estate impairments that I highlighted.
Kevin Berryman: So look, I think we are a proactive team that always evaluates what we believe is the right portfolio for our company, both now and into the future. We've proven that by the divestiture that we executed against in 2019 with the sale of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business, which one could argue was actually the legacy of the company. So we are always proactive in that consideration. So I'll leave it there. And so we can't really comment on anything other than, look, we always consider the opportunities. As it relates to CMS, we do believe that they are going to be able to get up into the 8% margins over the course of the year. So we see improving, they're at a point in time where some of the wins that they've had, which are a little bit higher margin are yet to kind of get into the burn. And we would expect that, that will be happening over the course of the balance of the year.
Kevin Berryman: And just to clarify as well, when we talk about the future, I think we're approaching 8% for the year, which means because we started at the level we are, we're going to have to be having in subsequent quarters margins that are going to be above 8%.
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think the bottom line is we have an Omnibus in place for 2023. So what we're really fundamentally talking about is a continuing resolution for 2024. Look, it remains to be seen how that plays out. Clearly, there's some differences of opinion in the house right now relative to where we may end up. I would say the good news is relative to this, if there is good news, is that we're kind of based off a strong Omnibus program in 2023, it could impact new items getting funded, but we're based on a 23% kind of level, which is pretty straightforward. As it relates to the disruption relative to the debt and whatnot, we think our view is they’ll come to some rational conclusion on that, but we'll see how that plays out.
Kevin Berryman: Well, there's a couple of things that we have to recognize certainly exchange rates are a positive, but also we have incremental interest costs that are largely offsetting that. So there's gives and takes here. I think given the dynamic of how we're playing out in DC, I think we're being prudent relative to our guidance that we've provided. And look, there's gives and takes here. FX isn't the only one. I would say, certainly, interest is some headwinds that we're facing and then the business is kind of net off. And I think at the end of the day, we're I think, positioned for good results for the full year fiscal 2023.
Kevin Berryman: That would certainly be consistent with our strategy. I would say the margin burn that I was referring to is second half oriented primarily. So as we look to beyond 2023, certainly consistent with our strategy, we are always looking for an incremental profit improvement in terms of margin. So yes, that would be consistent with our execution strategy.
