John W. Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and good morning, everyone. I'll now briefly go over the financial highlights for the quarter and then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to review the business strategies and the growth going forward. If you turn to Slide 4 of our package. This gives the highlight. These are also included in our earnings release that went out last night. It's a very solid quarter, in line with our expectations. Diluted EPS of $0.80 a share; net earnings of $104.4 million; backlog had a nice growth, up to $16.8 billion, nice growth both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and I'll get to that a little -- in a few minutes. Our book-to-bill ratio on a trailing 12 months continues to run at 1.15, but the quarter was actually higher than that. If you look at the balance sheet information and such, we continue to have a very strong balance sheet. Cash continues at about $1.2 billion, net of debt it's $715 million and we continue our fiscal year '13 guidance in the range of $3 to $3.50 per share with the midpoint about being $3.25. Looking at Slide 5, this just gives a track of our last 2 years' earnings history. You can see the nice growth since the bottom of the market in 2010. And as we see this quarter -- this year, as we look at the trailing 12, there's a nice growth over last year and we expect to see that continue. If you look at the bars underneath the graph, that just kind of gives the 10-year compounded growth rate and while we target the 15%, we're slightly below that but, certainly, we're showing a pickup from just last year as we go forward, just under the 15%. As I mentioned the backlog growth was strong. It was up 11 -- a little over 11% year-over-year with good growth in both professional services and field services both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. With that, I'll now turn it over to Craig Martin to review the operations for the quarter and our prospects.
John W. Prosser: Okay, Jaime, on the backlog -- on the guidance, we didn't change the midpoint. The midpoint is still at $3.25, which is somewhat lower than what you at Street have kind of raised us up to, that's why we believe that the quarter was pretty much in line with our expectations for that kind of a midpoint guidance. And as far as why we didn't narrow the range, I guess, part of it is because we didn't feel like we had to. The other is just kind of continue to send a message that it is a volatile market out there and there's some very good things are happening and there's some very difficult headwinds. Craig mentioned the fact that we are seeing pickup activity in the M&A market and that's going to probably drive up some of our G&As a little bit over the next couple of quarters, which is somewhat of a headwind. But when you put it all together, I'll go back to my old analogy of the bell curve and as you get out to the end of that guidance, the likelihood is pretty small as you get closer to the middle, the likelihood is more -- is stronger. So I guess that the long-winded way of saying that we left it the way it was because we could and we think we haven't changed it for a little while. On the second question, the second comment about margins, I think it was a good margin performance. If you look at it, it really is -- it's in line with kind of where our operating margins have been for the last 3 or 4 quarters. So I think it just shows the consistency. We are continuing to press for pricing improvements and things like that it's a tough market. It's a very competitive market and we do serve some of the largest and most sophisticated buyers in the world. So it's not something that we can do based on our own desires but it's something that's driven by the marketplace that is still very fragmented. It still doesn't have anybody that can give any real market dominance that can drive prices up. We are seeing improvements in pricing, modest improvements, here in North America, particularly, a little bit in South America. But there is still softness in Europe and Australia as far as pricing is concerned, and there is certainly a lot of pressure that our customers continue to put on it. But I think we will continue to see modest stabilities to improve pricing and that will show up in the margins, as in offset what we would expect to see some pressure on margins as we start to see our field services grow a little bit. So I think you're going to see not a lot of opportunities to have our overall margins go up much, but they should be able to be balanced so they won't go down very much as we see the field services grow later this year and in to '14 and '15.
John W. Prosser: Certainly, we have seen sort of improvement in the backlog and that is driving what was modest growth in revenues this quarter. We expect to see that to pick up. It's hard to get exact timings because things sometimes starts slower than what we anticipate and sometimes I think there's a real caution on the part of a lot of our customers to make sure that they have the engineering well in hand and get this phased approach to these projects so that they don't get ahead of themselves, because they are still very focused on controlling cost and making sure that the scope and activity level parameters for the projects are well defined before they launch off into the field. So I think the process has gotten a little bit more deliberate, maybe a little bit more controlled and for the long run, that's a probably a good thing. In the short run, it just means it takes a little bit longer to get things moving.
John W. Prosser: There's a little bit in there but there always is a little bit -- just as we look at these and engage outside consultants and such, even on early phases of discussions, but we are seeing an uptick in the activity levels. So going forward, we would expect to see a little bit more.
John W. Prosser: Well, if you look at the dollars rather than the percent to begin with, other than this pressure of what we've talked about on the due diligence cost, we would expect to see our G&A stay relatively flat going through the rest of the year. And there's always a step up in the first quarter to the second because of the holidays and vacations and such like that but I think that was pretty much in line with expectations this year. So I think coupling that then to percent, certainly as we see the field service revenue picking up, you don't get the same kind of relationship between field services and G&A as you do between professional services. So the percentage we would expect to see come down a little bit as we drive up the field services part of our revenue and we move away from the 60-40 mix thereabouts that we've been seeing with professional services dominating revenues over the last, actually, couple of years.
John W. Prosser: But not all of that goes in the backlog, number 1 is because, particularly, the Johnson, I think, it was a 3-year contract with -- then a number of 1-year options after that and then -- so, all that goes in the backlog until those options are exercised is the base period.
John W. Prosser: It's something we're putting a lot of attention on and it really relates to a number of different things, the growth of our business in the Middle East where this traditional business is a lot lower paying because of the -- just the level of approvals and bureaucracy that they built into some of their cycle. We're seeing some of it from some of our best customers as they just continue to put pressure on their cash flow and so they slow down payment beyond what contractual terms are. In other cases, we're seeing pressure from customers who are on contractual terms, so they want to stretch out payments and these are things we're fighting daily. I mean, when you look at working capital, you look at both -- either asset side and the liability side and one thing as we get more in the construction, we historically have always had better a collection cycle on the construction activities and also because where we're doing procurement of materials and subcontracting, we're more likely than not to get paid when paid. So even as the receivable builds up with, we have a payable that builds up correspondingly. So it's more neutral on funding. As we see the construction activity and the field service activity build up, we would expect to see a significant improvement in our DSOs.
John W. Prosser: But I think another factor is that our U.S. market is just bigger than Canada. When you take the process side of it, by itself, when you look at the process side of the business that is active, part of that comes from Canada, but a much bigger part of it comes from the U.S.
John W. Prosser: Actually, recently, a fair amount of the CapEx spend has been related to facilities and such like that as we've come to end of leases and either moving into new facilities or renovating, because we've had a real push to go to a more open plan and open architecture for the workforce all the way up to senior management. So it's resulting in I think better efficiencies and certainly, better communications and such within the workforce but as we change buildings and such, we get to spend a little bit of many on the CapEx. So that gets amortized over the life of the lease terms. Also we continue to spend and develop and upgrade our systems, they will continue to put our -- the transition cost of putting acquisitions onto our enterprise-light systems. Virtually everyone is now on common systems as we look around the system both in our financial, our HR and other systems and we are putting on -- continuing to invest in engineering systems and such like that, and there's CapEx related to people. We continue to grow people and when you hire people, you have to buy new computers and add some space and such. And as Greg mentioned, we have come up with the curve so we -- the extra space we had, let's say, at the bottom of the market, 2 years ago, a lot of that has been absorbed and many places we're having to increase space and such like that and that goes along with the headcount growth.
Craig L. Martin: We certainly see the visibility of projects and prospects is probably as good as it ever is, and that's not bad, it's not great, because customers do tend to keep their cards pretty close to their vest. But as we look forward, there's a lot of work out there, there's a lot of work already under contract in some way. I happened to look at the wins for the Houston office, just one of our offices on the Gulf Coast, over the last 2 quarters and we won some part of 8.5 -- $8 million worth of work from a TIC point of view. Hardly any of that $8 million is in backlog at this stage. Some of it never will be because the customer will procure on the customers' favor but we'll still derive the revenue of the work and the profit that comes from managing it. Some of it will end up in backlog. So yes, there's good visibility about what backlog should do in the broad sense. The visibility about the timing is still tough. Will the customer commit to a project in the third quarter this year or the fourth quarter? Will they decide to do the procurement on their paper and the construction on ours or vice versa? Or will we do both or will we do neither and do it as a construction management project, put procurement on the paper? And all that unfortunately affects what shows up in backlog. And so it's -- notwithstanding we have that good visibility, predicting what backlog will be is not easy.
Craig L. Martin: Let me ask George Kunberger, who is here with me, he's our head of sales, to comment. We're not in the ethylene part of the business. We're in the derivatives, once the ethylene's made. So that probably changes the picture a little, but I'll give it to George.
Craig L. Martin: Just to amplify on that a little bit, something like Johnson, the total potential award would take 10 years to eat.
Craig L. Martin: That was a 5-year base period. And that's pretty typical for those contracts although the exact number of years can vary, obviously. In some cases like the announcement on Michoud, that's a 1-year extension.
Craig L. Martin: GES remains -- GES plus, I should say, to be specific, remains a really good program for us. We're very busy and continue to be very busy. The pipeline of projects under GES plus continues to be a positive as well and then we're doing pretty well either GES plus by virtue of our position. Noel Watson is sitting here with me, who's kind of the senior project guy for everything going on in the Middle East, so I'll ask him to comment.
Craig L. Martin: Let me kind of work through the list. Let me start with Keystone. I've talked to 3 or 4 customers in the last 1.5 months about the importance of Keystone to them, all of whom are making significant investments in the oil sands. They all see it as critically important to their plans going forward, not the only answer but an important answer and more of a problem if it doesn't happen than an opportunity if it does. That being said, the major players that we do business with have mixed strategies about how they're going forward. But for the most part, it's steady incremental investment. So, for example, one of our big integrated oil customers, global customers, has basically said, we're going to start about a 40,000 to 45,000-barrel a day SAGD project every time we get to the point where we're ready and that means -- that sounds like it's a decision today, but it's sort of, when we get one far enough along, we'll start the next one and we discussed at some depth the problems with the spread between Canadian crudes and more advantaged crudes; they weren't put off by that at all. Of course as you know, that gap has closed quite a bit here through April, so it's not as nearly as big an issue as they cleared up some of the problems in Cushing. So overall, the customers we're talking to, although each one has its own flavor, are saying, this is a good business, it's a long-term business so we're going to continue to invest. Now, there are a couple of customers who that's their only business and they're clearly taking a hard look at when to invest, but they're in this for the long run.
Craig L. Martin: Sure. We actually have 5 module shops, all of them in North America, 1 in the U.S. and 4 in Canada. They are big shops and at this point in time, because construction is down, there's not a lot of work in the shops but my expectation is those shops are going to load up very quickly. Our shops vary in terms of the capability from very complex, small sort of scale modules, to very, very large modules, but again, usually, with fairly complex processes in them, we don't really try to compete for the stair towers and the office complex kinds of modules, the accommodation modules, our focus is on chemical and process, chemical being in the chemical engineering sense, process modules that are technically complicated and we can build those both in the Pharma business and in the upstream oil & gas chemicals refining business as well, we're better than anybody. So it's a big potential business for us as we look forward. It's been a cyclical business historically, it will continue to be cyclical. But we're look -- still last night, we're coming up on another strong up-cycle.
Craig L. Martin: Turnaround season is very active. As we speak, we have a number of turnarounds ongoing. I couldn't tell you how many off the top of my head. I'm looking down the row here to see if somebody can give me a number. Six apparently going on as we speak. Moreover, we think that the fall turnaround season will even be stronger than the spring one. And so we see turnarounds in Canada being a big area of activity for the remainder -- or for this next quarter and later part of the fourth quarter into the first quarter of '14.
Craig L. Martin: I think you'll start to see some of that work drop in to the backlog in a bigger way in this quarter or next quarter. In terms of its impacting revenue, it'll take a quarter or more before that actually starts to impact our revenue numbers. So you're probably looking at backlog being impacted a little bit next quarter and even more in the fourth quarter. And you're looking at revenues being impacted more in the fourth quarter and into '14.
Craig L. Martin: The boom part of it is clearly new projects, right? But the business where we're getting growth varies significantly by that business. So, for example, in the National Governments space, it's almost entirely share gain. We're just taking work away from the competition. In the Chemicals business, it's a combination of share gain and an expansive market. So you have to go all the way around our little pie chart market by market to give you, which I'm prepared to do if you want, to give you a sense of where it's more share-focused and where there's more robustness in the market itself. Another example lies in Mining & Minerals where the market is not very good but we're going to do well or, at least, we believe we will and that's pure share gain.
Craig L. Martin: It is both new build and safety. The safety issues are largely U.S. North America focused. So there's a huge amount of business spend there from the utilities, as well as from the sort of transcontinental pipeline companies. But then on the top of that, you have a big expansion of these systems driven at the grand scale by things like Keystone and at a smaller scale by all the unconventional gas, unconventional oil work. And that kind of pipeline capacity, we're seeing not only in North America but we're also seeing drivers for that in places like the Middle East. We actually do quite a bit of pipeline work for Aramco, for example.
Craig L. Martin: Let me remind you, I'm sure you remember this, but I'm going to remind you anyway, we're talking about 15% growth at the bottom line.
Craig L. Martin: Well, I can't be that specific but, or won't be that specific, maybe it's more of the other. Where we're at in the cycle is that these acquisitions are always opportunistic. You got to have a willing seller and a willing buyer. You can't time them, they just happen when they happen and before you really know it, you got a willing buyer and a willing seller, you've got to spend a fair amount of money on due diligence. So I guess, my concern about due diligence costs being a little high as we look forward here, at least in the next couple of quarters, has to do with the fact that, opportunistically speaking, we got more going on in that area than we usually do and that may or may not turn into more in the way of acquisitions. I don't think we can say the outcome yet, but it's certainly a bigger factor in where we're spending money right now than it has been in a couple of previous quarters. And I know it's sort of a non-answer, I apologize for that, but it's really the only one I can give you.
Craig L. Martin: No, I wouldn't say that. I think the market we see today is one where there is some opportunity to reprice some of the alliance work and some of the basic ordering agreements because, clearly, the competition and pricing in the marketplace is going up. We've had our teams working hard to do that where they can and we've made some decent progress there. Generally, those things, though, take a while to show up in the bottom line numbers. Certainly, utilization is always the first part of margin expansion in any of these cycles. I'd have to say that for the most part, that part of it is behind us. We're running at pull-out utilizations and really don't expect to get much more benefit from utilization, much more benefit from overtime or much, much more benefit from facility-related savings as the market turns up. So what we expect to get is better pricing on new work and improvements in pricing, particularly in our long-term arrangements with our clients and both those things will drive some margin expansion. Again remembering that our customers are some of the largest corporations in the world and they're very good at buying. They're way better at buying than we are at selling.
Craig L. Martin: It depends on the market. I would say for the most part, acquisitions are attractively priced. As you know, whatever the business of the week or the month happens to be, that's where people all running around spending too much. So, for example, onshore pipeline engineering and construction companies are going for ridiculous multiples. So you can probably bet you won't see much of that in any announcements we make, but lots of other aspects of the business are going at multiples that are really good and really attractive for our shareholders in terms of the leverage we can get out of those things and so there are good deals -- not great deals, there aren't any steals out there, but they are good business-responsible deals for both us and the target that make a lot of sense for them and us and when I say them and us, I mean you, the shareholders.
Craig L. Martin: I'd say, rest of the world is probably actually weaker in terms of multiples than the U.S. is right now. So U.S. investments don't look very attractive. That's probably okay because we got a pretty big business in the U.S. anyway but beyond that, I can't really be much more specific.
Craig L. Martin: We can certainly continue to control costs in the manner we have for many, many years now. And if you do the math and you get, say, 10% growth in gross margins revenues, let's assume they're the same for the moment, they aren't always, but let's assume so. And we can keep G&A growth, 5%, 6%, we can put 15% on the bottom line forever. And so the leverage of that, it gets better -- let me put it this way, it's easier when you're driving utilization. It's harder when you're full out but we got a team year at Jacobs that's really good at finding ways to make the bottom line grow faster than the top line.
Craig L. Martin: I think with respect to '13, we've seen most of it. I'm looking around the table here with the team and they're pretty much nodding their heads, I don't think we'll see much more in '13. It's been a very lumpy. We have customers where we have multiple sites for some customers and some sites that take in 5%, 6%, 10% hit in terms of staffing and other sites are being asked add people. So it's not a uniform sort of thing that you'd say, okay, across-the-board, it's been x or it's been y. But I think with respect to '13, we've already seen virtually everything we're going to see. Now '14 is a bigger question, all right? If you look at the budgets of our '14, the initial proposals, places where we're active like test and evaluation are flat to slightly up for '14. Places where we have repositioned and aren't very active like the buildings business are way down. So as we look at the budgets again, looking at very preliminary budgets, our outlook for '14 is that it will be as good as '13, maybe better. But we're really not expecting as we sit here today, I don't like to say, our government -- I don't know what the President's saying as we're sitting here talking. We're not expecting to see anymore headwind from sequestration in '13 or for '14 based on what we know right now.
Craig L. Martin: We're not happy with DSO where they are and we're putting a lot of energy into trying to find ways to fix that in the face of this headwind John talked about, about all of our customers wanting to extend terms.
Craig L. Martin: I can't be very specific but we do have a number of projects where we're involved and have been for some time now in the FEED and design development phases of projects that we've been told by the customer will be ultimately EPC opportunities for Jacobs and, of course, when they get to that phase, that will have a significant addition to the backlog. Again, you can always -- the customer may well change their mind, either about giving it to us, I don't think that's likely, but it's possible, or about how they contract for it, that isn't as unlikely, and that will affect what goes into the part or what doesn't, but the numbers that come out of that business largely copper, if you talk about the industry, could be significant.
Craig L. Martin: Pretty much across the heavy process markets globally. So chemicals, refining, upstream oil & gas, we're being successful in getting margin improvements from our customers. Not so much anywhere in the national government, public and institutional area, that's more still a lot pricing pressure there because of what's going on in the industry. And then in the industrial arena, it's kind of the mix bag, not much pricing opportunity in the Mining & Minerals business, if anything, there's still a little downward pressure there. Probably a little opportunity to move up in the Pharma side of it and not much otherwise. Commodity markets like food and consumer products, not doing that well.
Craig L. Martin: I wouldn't argue that it's consistent with what we're hearing. Wouldn't argue, necessarily, that they're inconsistent either. Some of our customers are very outspoken about keep all the gas in the U.S. so we can invest in the U.S. and take a very prominent positions that way. I am quite sure that some of the customers who are of that mind are the ones who would be threatening investments as a positioning strategy, but for most part even the customers that I know to be pretty outspoken about no LNG also have major plans for capital investment and are spending significant money to get ready to make that investment as we speak. I think the economics of the LNG export from the U.S. aren't as good as people think they might be and the impacts of that on feedstock costs are not as significant perhaps, as people are being led to believe.
Craig L. Martin: I just want to thank you all for dialing in and listening to our story. We feel pretty good about where we are and where we're going and have, I think, a very positive outlook as we look to the future sitting here today. I hope you see it the same way. Thank you, all.
George A. Kunberger: So in those areas, those are typically technology driven plays as I'm sure you're aware and not a strength of Jacobs from a technology perspective. However, again, those are large projects with lots of varying components to them, and so our opportunity that play in there, in that space, while not as strong as the first 2 I just talked about, is not a null set either, both from a partnering-ship perspective or playing in the outside battery limits opportunities on those projects. So all 3 of those represent opportunities for us, in one degree or another, although we're not the same to in either one.
George A. Kunberger: Sure. Well, as you know, those contracts are typically longer-term contracts, 5 years typically with extended, the opportunity years, beyond that. And so those are, by their very definitions, slower burn although very large program.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, I just think that given the pace of projects that are going to happen and the decision-making process that our clients in both those spaces are going to be making, I mean you said, I mean, Canadian businesses give a more deliberate decision-making process at the present time and the Gulf Coast U.S.-based is more responding to a very hot marketplace. So for one reason, that's the primary reason, I just think that those projects will get approved faster and move faster, because I think the speed of market is going to be a bigger issue there than it is in Canada.
George A. Kunberger: I see. So the first part of your question, that's more open art [ph] in its nature and we obviously have and we have -- traditionally, we have a lot of capability in the open art [ph] process development of the polypropylene-butadiene process. As a respect for the second question, I'm not sure we can answer that question directly.
