John Prosser: Thank you, Patty, and good morning. First, I'll briefly go over the financial highlights, then I'll turn it over to Craig Martin, our CEO, to give an overview of the business conditions and what we're seeing today. As we reported, if you go to Slide 4, we reported the EPS was $0.15 for the quarter, $19 million year-to-date, $1.35 or $169 million for the nine months. So those numbers do reflect the impact, I should say, of the charge we took in the quarter for the adverse judgment that we received on the litigation in France. Also, includes the impact on the first quarter of the Houston sublease that we took a charge for. So if you take those out and look at just the operating results, if you go to Slide 5, the diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.63. That's earnings of $79.3 million. And for the year-to-date, it's $1.87 or $235.1 million. Our backlog, which I'll go into a little bit more in a minute was disappointing. It was down to $13.5 billion. However, we still have a very strong balance sheet. Our net cash did increase from last quarter, now sitting at $848 million. That's up over $100 million from the prior quarter. And we have revised our guidance to $2.30 to $2.65 from the old guidance range of $2.15 to $2.65. And that guidance does exclude the French litigation and the Houston sublease charges. If you go to Slide 6, just the history of our earnings. Well, the last couple of years have been disappointing. If you look at the blue bars under the curve, it still shows that on a 10-year trailing, we still are meeting that guideline that we talked about of 15% compounded earnings growth. Now that comes in at 17.2% through the year end or the period ended here in July 2. That also does exclude those special charges. Going to backlog, as I said, the numbers were disappointing and coming in at total backlog of $13.5 billion. The professional services backlog was at $7.8 billion. Those were down from a year ago. They're also down from last quarter. There was really nothing unusual in the quarter, either in any big wins or any significant cancellations. We have cautioned you folks in the past that backlog can be lumpy. And while it's been fairly consistent the last few quarters, we did have a slow booking period. We don't always have ability to control when things are actually put in to backlog. I'd also remind you that we do have the effect of Motiva working through the backlog, which continues and will continue for another at least 12 months. And also, we had some scope reductions, scope adjustments in some of our NASA work, although that was not a significant impact, but it does show in. Then most of the NASA backlog, we just booked one year at a time, so we don't see the full impact of the multi-year awards that we have with NASA. I would say though, that as we've gotten through the quarter, it does appear that our prospects are improving. And we would hope to be able to reverse this trend soon. With that, I will turn the call over to Craig to talk about the overview.
John Prosser: Well, I think as we talked about all year, and actually, the last couple of years, we are intentionally keeping the guidance fairly broad. And I think that reflects from the fact that there is a lot of uncertainty in the market place. And we would rather keep it broad and not be too specific, and we will continue to do that even as we go out into the probably over the next couple years because I think this uncertainty will continue for a while.
John Prosser: Well, I would tell you, Tahira, that the quarter didn't feel as weak as the numbers suggest. And I think we have said before, backlog is lumpy and there are lots of factors that affect the numbers. And so as John pointed out earlier in his prepared remarks, we were kind of disappointed that the backlog numbers came in where they did. In terms of the things that impact them, we've talked about the things that, we've said for some time, that Motiva has to be worked through and that we don't expect to replace that. So that's going to be a drag on backlog for several more quarters. The NASA thing, while it wasn't a huge impact, was certainly an impact in the quarter, and we had to adjust our numbers going forward to reflect what we now think we're going to do. Depending on what happens, we may have to adjust them again and could go back up or down further, because the NASA issue is still pretty fluid. So those are kind of the two things that I'd point to most of all. We'd expected more direct commitments in some of the bigger projects and programs that we're working on in terms of commitment of a bigger scope. And the customers, as I pointed out a couple times already in the call, that they're holding back on those commitments. So in terms of the big backlog additions, in particular, the ones that go with just detailed design and construction, those things are pushing out a little bit. So I think those are kind of a combination of factors that influence the backlog number. And like I say, the quarter didn't feel as weak as the backlog might suggest.
John Prosser: Currency. Well, we're not going to quantify NASA any more than we've said. And the currency wasn't as big this quarter as it's been in the past because we've actually seen the euro come down and then come back up a little bit. So the currency impacts on backlog and such, were not all that material.
John Prosser: Well, first of all, we're not giving any guidance or any projections into 2011 at this point. We'll save that for our year-end, which has kind of been our custom. But I think, as we've said in the comments, there's prospects out there seem to be getting a little bit better, but there's very lot of uncertainties and conflicting kinds of trends. And a lot will depend on just how the economy moves and how the confidence of our customers moves. These large projects that Craig referred that were in either early preliminary design, or feed, or things like that. As the customers get some confidence, those move more quickly, then things will be better. If they continue to be kind of at a very slow and steady pace, then the impacts will be a lot greater. But having said all that, we're not making any forecast for next year.
John Prosser: Well, we don't break out the acquisition contributions. Historically, the first year to it, it's relatively small because of the amortization of intangibles. So they are positive, and they will continue to be positive. But the real benefits from the acquisition itself, now, we're getting some benefits from the combination like we talked about in the Water. The fact that we don't have better credentials here in the U.S. to sell, we're seeing opportunities in areas outside of where just JJG was to pursue those, so we'll see that kind of benefit, but that's kind of organic growth now because we've brought them in. But purely from the acquisitions, they will be positive, I think all of them, but they are individually and collectively relatively minor, and the real benefit from the historical business won't show up probably for two to three years as the amortization starts rolling off.
John Prosser: Well, that's a difficult modeling question because it depends on the kinds of revenues. Your technical professional services tends to book and burn fairly quickly. Construction, as we book that, as we get close to a construction phase, it gets a big lump that then takes 12, 18 months, 24 months to work off. The Government Services arena, particularly the O&M side of it and such, yes, we might get a five-year contract but we only recognize out one year at a time as we -- on a rolling 12. So even when you get a very large program, it doesn't have a big impact on the current backlog because it just has that one year, but it's kind of got assumed backlog or it'll go out for five years or even longer. But if you -- looking at it the other way, about 65% of our business at any given time tends to come out of backlog, so that's levels of backlog that we have. One or two quarters up or down doesn't really make it a really good story or really bad story. You really have to look at the longer trends, and that trend has been clouded over the last 12 months, 18 months because we've had cancellations, and we've got Motiva going through that we are replacing that are things that certainly are in the current business but are not things that we're banking on or that'll be there as we come out. What we're booking now and what we've booked over the last couple of quarters are the things that will start driving the business up, and as those early phases of the feeds and things like that get into the detail design and then into construction, you should start seeing the backlog moving up fairly dramatically as those move through the transaction. On the public sector side, particularly the Buildings and Infrastructure, that tends to be more of a book-and-burn business because it is mostly Professional Services, so it doesn't typically have as long a duration kinds of activities. So there's a lot of different moving parts, and I guess that goes back to both I think Craig's comment and my comment that there is a lot of uncertainty and a lot of moving parts into the outlook over the next six to 12 months.
John Prosser: Yes, and I think that's being driven by two things that Craig talked about. One is that Canada is starting to come back and with some sanity this time maybe as opposed to what we've seen in some of the past levels but also the Upstream Gas business that we've got going, particularly here in North America, Northern Europe in Gas Storage and such, those markets are improving.
John Prosser: There was a little bit of an anomaly in this quarter in that we were finishing up a major office move in the U.K. that, yes, we actually committed to well over two years ago, and as you get closer, expenditures tend to be kind of back-end loaded as you do the final furniture, and so all the stuff that goes into it that -- our nickel as opposed to the building's nickel. So I think that was probably part of it, and we continue to roll out things like our financial systems with the acquisitions. You have the cost of rolling out the financial systems and other support business systems to those new acquisitions and such, so I think there's a little bit of that in there.
Craig Martin: It is a market that is relatively competitive already. But frankly, I would tell you, most of the Western buildings and infrastructure competitors who are coming to the Middle East, who are coming with a relatively high-cost structure, and that a lot of the work is through service-based pricing. So they bring their sort of historic public-sector pricing to that market. We think that represents an opportunity for some leverage. An awful lot of them are also coming in the market, looking for export business, looking to do the work in their home country, home office. And it's pretty clear that customers are increasingly interested in having that work done domestically. So I think the opportunities are pretty significant there. Now I believe that acquisitions will be an important part of how we'll approach that and get our sort of in-country presence up. I don't think bootstrapping in and off itself will get us where we want to go as fast as we want to get there, although we are making some progress on the bootstrap side. But what we're looking at is largely free from the lump-sum turnkey risk. Like every piece of business that Jacobs addresses, there's always a chunk of that business is lump-sum turnkey, fairly high risk and we just make the choice not to do that part of the work. But in a $4 trillion market globally, we just don't really need to have to do all of everything. So that's kind of our approach in the Middle East. I think it will be successful. I don't see any major impediment to us, being able to drive some significant growth there.
Craig Martin: Let me start on the public sector side. On the public sector, what we're seeing is a lot of uncertainty and delays in terms of expanding CapEx, mostly related to, "Where's the money?" So it's a combination of issues with getting bonds out there and funded, with tax revenues, both gas tax and sales tax at the local level, and gas tax at the federal level. It's a function of the Congress and their reluctance to commit. There's this idea that we did stimulus, so we don't need to do anything else. And frankly, if you do stimulus and you don't do anything else, you seem to just didn't fill up the hole that you left by not doing the things you would have done anyway. So there's a whole combination. Now that's true here in the States, it's also true in the U.K. I mean there's a very significant budget problem in the U.K. as well. There's a move out there that turned down budgets by 20%. That's bound to affect both the government spending and the national government basis and at the county level. And so it's a market where it's really a funding uncertainty. Where is the money going to come from? And to a lesser extent, a revenue uncertainty. How are we going to tax enough money to get what we need that's driving the numbers? On the private sector, I think it's a more just good business or maybe not-so-good business, so maybe I'll call it a crisis of caution or a crisis of pessimism. But most of the customers I talk to have significant number of projects that make financial sense at current oil prices or depends on what market they're in, obviously, but who are going to commit to those projects and very slowly, because they don't have confidence that the recovery is real, and I think we all suffer from that to some extent. We see what the Street and the press, more than media than anybody, is saying about the growth numbers, and you don't feel it in the economy. And so, I think, a lot of our customers are being pretty cautious. I think particularly when you get up in the Oil Sands, you're seeing the customers sit up there that sort of once burned, twice shy. And they are all collectively very reluctant to get all their projects up and going, and find out they're all doing things at the same time and have the market run away from them again. And so, I think, that's also driving a sort of a stepwise approach in a fairly cautious CapEx plan going forward.
Craig Martin: Well, it seems to be driving and it's a state-by-state sort of conversation. But what seems to be driving it is that some states are starting to see a little rebound in their tax revenue, both sales tax and property tax, the kinds of things that drive projects. And that little bit of rebound is increasing their confidence. So a couple of very big states have had very erratic CapEx programs for the last 18 months and those seem to have stabilized, and so that's what we see. And I think in those states, it's sustainable. Now whether it will spread to other states is not so clear. There's reasons to think it would, again, if you believe the media about the markets and about the recovery, then it will spread over time. If you're a little more pessimistic, then it may take a little longer for that to happen. So that seems to be what's driving things. Another thing that's helped is this Build America program on the bonds. So there is some money to be had that otherwise wasn't available if you look back, and so that's probably a little plus as well. But it's one of those gradual improvement kinds of conversations.
Craig Martin: If you recall the notes in our press release, I said we were guardedly positive. That's about as much as you're going to get.
Craig Martin: I can. Let's talk about the billable hours one first. We told you a couple of quarters ago that billable hours, or I guess, last quarter, actually, that billable hours had flattened and it looked like we were in that period of sort of oscillating hours that indicated that change. That's still true. We still don't see a strong uptick in billable hours, but it's pretty clear that the steady downward pressure on billable hours is behind us. That sort of flat, wobbly billable hours is usually an indicator of a positive change upward. But we really don't see that yet in the hours. So there's no strong growth in billable hours yet. In terms of hires, we're starting to see that we're having net hiring as a company, so that also is a positive indicator for going forward. So we're adding net staff for the first time this last quarter or so, and for the first time in a while. So I think that's another thing that gives us -- part of why we're guardedly positive in spite of a weak backlog quarter.
Craig Martin: Well, I think our view is that the business model is working, it continues to work. I think the critical comment I made in the prepared remarks is that it's fairly clear to us that we're gaining share. And while that doesn't necessarily manifest itself in big backlog increases or even right away in the P&L, I think that what it means to us in terms of long-term position in the marketplace is in a very, very strong positive. I wish I could point to how this quarter or next quarter is going to reflect that very strong positive, but we're in a longer game. So we don't think we need to do any significant tweaking to our strategy. We're always looking for a little nuance ways to be more effective, to win more work. But in terms of changing our risk posture or going out there and trying to be another one of the thousands of lump-sum turnkey contractors out there, whacking away for work, that's not on the screen. So we really do believe that maintaining our current risk posture, maintaining our current client-centric approach and just taking incremental share bit by bit will ultimately result in us in a very strong, if not dominant position in the industry.
Craig Martin: It varies a little bit by market and geography. On Water/Wastewater business at this stage, it's largely from competitors of our scale or slightly smaller. But remember, we're starting from such small base there in both in the U.K. and the U.S. that incremental market share at this stage doesn't have to be very much to be a lot as a percentage. So you wouldn't find one of our competitors whining just yet in Water/Wastewater, that we're killing them. On the transportations-related side, that's a little stronger story, where we really are aggressively taking share of percentages that are not any bigger, but more of bigger-base business. And there, I think, it's a combination of squeezing out some of the mom and pops and taking a little bit of work away from the majors. If you don't consider us a major, I don't yet consider us a major. So that's really where that share is coming from in those two businesses.
Craig Martin: I don't have that number in front of me. I would guess if you took all of those things together, they were, I don't know, somewhere in the $100 million, $200 million range.
Craig Martin: Let me answer the second part of that question first. With respect to the downstream market, I'm pretty much of the same view I was 90 days ago or 180 days ago. I still see our positioning to be good. I still see the opportunities. I still see small projects coming back first, and the rate of those things is probably slightly different than I expected, but it doesn't really change my opinion about where it's going or how soon it'll get there. In terms of my overall market view, I said on last quarter I thought we had a bathtub-style recovery here, very slow and gradual recovery. I don't see it any differently. I don't think it's shallow or flatter bathtub, if that makes any sense, nor do I think it's a steeper, more positive bathtub. So I don't think, for the most part, my view of the recovery has changed a lot. It is good to be slow. Our customers are going to be cautious. I think in a couple of markets, they've been more cautious than I expected. In a couple of markets, they've been less so. Overall, it's probably about what we should expect.
Craig Martin: Yes, just to second John's comment. The real leverage on these acquisitions, certainly, when these really start contributing is in that 30 and 36 month kind of time frame. So those that we made in the last nine months are a ways away yet.
Craig Martin: Yes, there were some potentially large transactions out there. Sitting here, I'm not sure which ones are covered by confidentiality agreements and which ones aren't, so I'm not going to name any names, but I can think of six or seven significant-sized acquisitions that could get done. Now whether what happens with who does them and what they cost is something that is still an unknown or an uncertainty, but certainly, there are things that we're looking at.
Craig Martin: No, I think there are significant acquisitions out there in the Private Sector business, and in Infrastructure and buildings, but I don't think the Government Services business. Because so much of it involves national security, our ability to be in those businesses pretty well limited to the U.S., the U.K., Canada and Australia.
Craig Martin: Well, I guess starting with the second part of the question first, backlog has lots of revenue dollars in it that are pass-throughs and doesn't always come down when the work does. Remember, we're first and foremost technical professional services-oriented, and so those adjustments in staffing took place some time ago, and that's why we're in a position where we're rebounding ever so slightly in terms of hiring, and that's part of what gives us comfort. Part of what gives us comfort is the billable hours. Part of what gives us comfort is looking at our forecasts for out quarters in terms of what we think the business is going to be able to do, looking at prospect lists, looking at relative likelihood of our ability to win those prospects and what kind of prospects they are. And then all of that adds together that causes us to say we think it's likely we've seen the bottom. Nothing about the business out there today has certainty around it, however, so we could be wrong about that. We just don't think we are.
Craig Martin: Yes, we only hire people when we have work for them. This is very much a just-in-time hiring environment. The exception to that, obviously, is people who can help us win work, but that's a relatively small number.
Craig Martin: Well, it depends a lot on the market. For the most part, what we're seeing in pricing is what we expected and, I think, what we've been telling the market for some time is going to happen. Private sector pressure on pricing remains high, particularly in Heavy Process business. In other businesses, it's much more genteel. So businesses like Infrastructure and Buildings, there's virtually no pricing pressure. In fact, there is none, I mean not virtually. No, there isn't any. So it varies very much by market. I think we're benefiting in this cycle pretty significantly from our diversity, and we haven't seen the effects on multipliers in the aggregate basis on unit margins that we saw, say, in the early 90s.
Craig Martin: Look, it absolutely is a risk, a continued sort of lack of engagement at the federal level, a continued failure to recognize that stimulus wasn't stimulus and that it's over. I think it could have a negative on state and local spending, and that's one of those risks that is out there on the dark side.
Craig Martin: I'd say the geographic mix of our backlog's not much different than the geographic mix of our revenue, so you can kind of look at one and they'll both be very similar.
Craig Martin: Well, we really don't think of it that way, so I couldn't tell you that we have an internal target. We think there's a pretty significant growth opportunity in the Middle East. We think we can expand our, calling it, in-country presence by a factor of five over the next five years, and so that's going to drive a good business, but this isn't a business that wants a lot of strategy. It's a business that wants to be very client-focused and opportunistic in areas like acquisitions and in what geography you attack, and that's going to continue to be the way we run the business. So we're going to take market share where we can do so effectively and reap the best rewards from a P&L point of view, and that really drives us much more than we want 30% of our business in the Middle East or 20% of our business in Asia or any kind of conversation like that.
Craig Martin: Well, I think you'll see forced excess [ph] (1:08:50), and this isn't a quarter-over-quarter discussion but a longer-term discussion. I think you'll see significant growth in the share that is Upstream relative to the share that's downstream. I think you'll see kind of modest growth in Chemicals, and I think you'll see some significant growth in Infrastructure relative to maybe the other businesses. So those are a couple of years where we see probably above-trend growth.
Craig Martin: Yes, I think that's probably -- heavier is right. I mean it's not going to swamp the Heavy Process business partly because of where all the Construction revenue comes from.
Craig Martin: In a broader sense, it's going well. Integration is good. We've resolved most of the integration issues that we have to deal with. We had seen a modest reduction in their G&A expense that should benefit the P&L, and we think we'll continue seeing some additional reduction. On the prospects and winning work side, things are going well, just right in line with our expectations. So if we were sort of toting it up as okay, good or great, it'd be somewhere in the good-plus range.
Craig Martin: Sounds like we're done. Well, thank you all very much for your interest and attention. We're going to continue to try to build the business that we've committed to over the years, and we hope you'll all see that as a positive and stay with us. Thanks very much.
