Kevin C. Berryman: So, Jamie, sure. First response to the tax item, we did expect that we were going to see some tax benefits over the course of the year, timing of which is perhaps a little bit different. But we did expect that we would be able to see some benefits there. But I do think as we look to continue to drive costs out of the business, certainly the fact that we're able to deliver incremental costs does imply that certainly there is incremental potential pressure on certain of our businesses because of the continuing pressure on some of the commodity prices. So we think and believe that we are able to – be able to offset some of that with our incremental investments in terms of the ability to drive our reduction in SG&A.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think there is a mix dynamic going on, and we don't provide all that specific in terms of guidance relative to that particular issue, Jamie. But we do think that there is in our backlog, as Steve mentioned, there's some good margin going forward. And I do believe, if we think about the balance of the year, specifically second half, we hope to see that burning. But ultimately, we're going to have to be very diligent on the cost side, on the cost management side, because we are in a period of where there are some pressures on certain of our end markets.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sorry, I would just add an additional comment. We continue – in backlog we're not seeing really any fundamental material cancellations that are occurring. We did have some of those early last year. So to Steve's point, we think that's largely played out. And then I think the other part that's appropriate to talk to is again the diversity of the rest of the portfolio, which is going to be we believe an opportunity for us, which will help offset some of the pressure points that you're highlighting in your question.
Kevin C. Berryman: We didn't provide ultimately the specificity to that level of detail, but let me give you a couple points. Through the first quarter, we had spent about $150 million. Last year I believe was the figure, so if you add our current quarter spend, we're in the neighborhood of $220 million plus or minus. We had probably been able to get into our results last year roughly 25% of the expected savings, and you can see the SG&A figures for Q1 were obviously quite good versus year ago, so you can see that that's continuing to build. We are taking actions in Q2, further actions. So the run rate ultimately that we will realize of the number that we're talking about in terms of the savings right now will not fully be seen in 2016 because some of that's going to be done, let's call it midyear by the end of Q2. So we'll still have some incremental benefit that occurs in 2017. But basically by the end of Q2, we'll be pretty close and getting pretty close to the run rate as it relates to our quarters going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think it's much more of the same kind of ideas, with the incremental focus is that we are getting relative to the lines of businesses, they're able to start to focus at a more detailed level across a greater expanse of our business to identify potential additional focus areas and cost reductions in both labor and real estate. And so those opportunities are developing as we speak. And I think there are going to be additional actions, I should say, that will allow us ultimately to realize a little bit better than what the numbers that we ultimately have right now look like.
Kevin C. Berryman: Perhaps some, let me make some high-level comments on the question. First thing is we do expect our cash flow to improve over the balance of the year versus first quarter. And the first quarter typically it's not always the case because, depending upon what the end balance sheet data is, there can be fluctuations by quarter. But generally speaking, Q1 tends to be one of our softer cash flow quarters. And so I fundamentally do believe there will be improvements over the balance of the year. I did make the comment in the prepared remarks that we expect to start to generate some improvements in our working capital efforts, and we do believe that will translate into improvements in cash flow over the balance of the year. So I think that that's the focus area for us on the balance of 2016. And clearly if we make progress there, we fundamentally believe those are sustainable going forward, which translates into our ability to be able to improve cash flows longer term. I don't know that I want to get into much more detail than that. But I do feel the team is focused. The lines of businesses are actually accelerating and supporting incremental focus against the effort. And so I do believe that we're going able to see some progress there.
Kevin C. Berryman: Our discussions with the board is that we would have a measured approach to our share buyback at this particular point in time. That's unchanged. The capital allocation, as we've suggested in previous discussions, is that we will look to finalize our strategy. That work is ongoing, as Steve outlined, and that will ultimately provide some additional clarity as it relates to what the growth opportunities look like and what the cash needs associated with those might look like and consequently what any potential revised capital allocation strategy might look like. So more to come on that, and I think it's ultimately got to be intimately tied to how we'll expect it and finalizing our growth objectives longer term.
Kevin C. Berryman: But the ones that we talked about and actually highlighted were at the beginning of 2015, and we really haven't seen material changes at this particular point in time since the perhaps first and second quarter of last year, as I recall. It could be off a quarter there.
Kevin C. Berryman: But certainly, we haven't seen those dynamics. And again, to the point that Steve was alluding to earlier in our comments, we think we've settled as it relates to some of those dynamics, and hopefully there will be upside going forward at some point in time.
Kevin C. Berryman: There could be some leakage that will go beyond because of items that, as I've always said, there will be some areas that because of certain efforts in terms of employees and notification and whatnot, some of the processes that are entailed relative to that, which could leak and/or a real estate play. There could be some beyond, but I think the bulk of them will be executed through the end of Q2.
Steven J. Demetriou: Sure. So look, let me first say, I think the quality of our backlog is strengthening, where the business that we're winning is higher-margin business as some low-margin backlog gets worked off. So I think generally, as we're analyzing our backlog, we're pleased with that. We did refer to a major chemicals prospect and we did announce that with the BASF project recently, and so we're going see the benefits of that now start to hit as we start earning some of that benefit. And we do have some really interesting prospects that we hope to lay out here over the next several quarters that contribute to the backlog. I mentioned the $250 million Aerospace & Technology wins that we have not put in the backlog because we want to finish up the protest activity, but we're very confident that that will hit the books here in 2016. So we can't give any specifics on where the backlog is going other than we're pretty excited about our prospects. And as I mentioned, it's all hands on to start getting back to growth.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yes. I think you're focusing in on something that we're spending a lot of time at Jacobs, is to make sure we're doing a much better job of measuring what we call our underlying margin. So trying to look past some old write-offs that hit the books and really look at what's happening to underlying pricing and how we're improving the mix to drive margin improvement. And there are a lot of moving parts to that, and mix is a big piece of what happens at Jacobs because of our diverse portfolio. But all in all, when we start to really analyze, and we'll have more information that we can share starting in the second quarter when we report line of business results, we're pretty pleased with how margins are holding up. We're maximizing our high-value execution center in India, and a lot of our customers are locking in on that. So we can have a win-win with our customers on sharing the benefit of work share between multiple offices, including India. If I look at Aerospace & Technology, for example, a lot of the new business that they're winning is higher-margin long-term business, and it's replacing lower-margin business that's falling off the books. And I'd say, all in all, every business line is doing an excellent job on managing margin. And I'd say they were fairly flat to modestly up in most cases in the first quarter.
Steven J. Demetriou: I think clearly if you look at the last four or five quarters, most of the major movement downward in the backlog clearly was driven by our Mining & Minerals business line. And we think that's now stabilizing at the bottom and don't view that we're going to see a material change now driven by Mining & Minerals because it's come down so much. And in fact, as I mentioned in my remarks, of the few major projects that are out there, we're actually expecting to win the majority of those. And so that will start positively impacting our Industrial group's backlog. And as you mentioned, we're excited about the life sciences. That's clearly been an offset to what I just talked about, to be able to hold up the Industrial backlog where it is. And so I believe as we start looking forward in Industrial, we're going to see at some point a positive turn in the backlog.
Steven J. Demetriou: Again, I'm not going to be much more specific than that, but I would say my remarks are relatively near term.
Steven J. Demetriou: Right, our business in the U.S. is both buildings and infrastructure. Clearly, we're seeing positive momentum on the infrastructure side, some specific initiatives being driven by the fact that the federal spending outlook is more positive than say it was a year ago. And with the recent budget approval, we're seeing more certainty, especially at the state/regional level around our infrastructure side. Some of it is very regional. We're seeing strong demand in Texas, the West Coast, Florida, for example, on the infrastructure side. When we look at the whole market, mission-critical is something we're pretty excited about and strong and believe we have excellent growth. And part of it though is the timing. We were impacted in the first quarter in mission-critical, and it was just simply our customers making some decisions on timing that were different than our expectations, but we expect to play it out as the year unfolds. So we're pretty diverse in Building & Infrastructure, as I outlined, and so there's lots of activity. This is clearly a business that is a lot of small wins that add up to what we believe is something that could be very positive as we unfold our strategy. The infrastructure comment around the Middle East I would say is net positive. Yes, there's a concern that in the Middle East as oil prices have dropped that there could be some delays in infrastructure spending. But we're starting from such a small level that generally we see that as a positive over the near term in the Middle East.
Steven J. Demetriou: I would say both, but clearly from a Jacobs standpoint we see a very large opportunity in the Middle East. And even as maybe some of the activities get delayed, we believe that we're going to have growth in Infrastructure over the near term in the Middle East.
Steven J. Demetriou: Yes, as I mentioned first of all, a very strong piece of our global Petroleum & Chemicals business is sustaining capital and maintenance. And the team has done an excellent job on really focusing in on that starting several quarters ago, and we're getting a lot of wins. And one thing that's happening on both the oil and gas and mining side is that there is still pretty strong production, even on the mining side, as prices have collapsed, there's a lot of production. And so we're seeing a lot of sustaining capital in maintenance and safety, environmental across the globe. And we are one of the major players in that sector, and it is a big piece of our business. And so that's enabling us to hold up in a very difficult environment. Specifically refining, we're doing a great job on the independent refiners who are benefiting from the lower crude oil and are spending at maybe a higher rate as compared to the integrated players, and we've got some good wins in that sector. And I think our new focus with the line of business in Petroleum & Chemicals is demonstrating some early success in that arena. And on the Chemicals side, as a lot of these ethylene initiatives and cracker initiatives are going up, there's going to be a lot of byproduct activity in specialty chemicals and derivatives, ethylene oxide, ethylene glycol, et cetera. And that's in our sweet spot, and we're pretty positive about what's going to unfold there as it relates to Chemicals. So the downstream has been a good offset for us in a very difficult upstream environment.
Steven J. Demetriou: Again, I'm going to be repetitive here. But when I look at the backlog and analyze it, the big hard hit areas, major spending in the mining and upstream oil and gas for the most part has played out in our backlog because in today's backlog, there's very little represented there in those two hard hit sectors other than our sustaining capital and maintenance position, which we think we could even grow in a difficult environment because that's where those sectors are spending. And then you add on top of that that in the past we were somewhat over-dependent on key large players in those sectors. In the past year or so, there's been a big push to diversify and spread our wings across that industry. And so we are gaining a lot of new customers that we haven't had in the past. And as I mentioned, with the downstream focus and the size that we participate in maybe as compared to some of our competitors where we tend to be in more of the smaller mid-size range and not overly dependent on cancellations or deferrals of big large projects, we feel like, although visibility is not very clear because of the uncertainty of what's going to happen in the industry that based on the recent activity, at least we haven't seen signs that we're missing something from a lag effect or a lot of the recent announcements, but we'll see.
Steven J. Demetriou: Look, pricing pressure is happening everywhere. And it's not surprising, the world's getting smarter, there's more attention across all businesses. But as I mentioned earlier, we're mitigating that with several things. One is a real good focus of understanding where we're differentiated, where we can make money, and shedding some low-value businesses and therefore getting an upgraded mix in our sales activity. And it really is starting to play out as we analyze each and every one of the four lines of businesses. And I as mentioned before, the Aerospace & Technology, which is probably our most differentiated business, yes, there's a lot of protest, but a lot of that is just the nature of the way relationships have changed in that industry over the last several years. And we believe that our reputation, our differentiated offering, our capability, experience that we're actually going to be able to see general improvement in margins there and in growth. Clearly, in places like Petroleum & Chemicals, that's where there is the highest level of challenge on pricing, as you would expect. But I think the combination of our cost improvements, including our variable costs, and then the work that we're doing with our customers to look at ways to drive down cost, including the India work share, as I mentioned, all in all is helping our mix and margins, and we're pretty pleased with the way that margins have held up in that business.
Steven J. Demetriou: I guess I'd just want to add to that. I just want to say yes, you heard it correctly that opportunities continue to come in and be assessed for further efficiency and cost opportunities, and I think that's a high expectation around all of Jacobs that there's more to come.
Steven J. Demetriou: I can just give you some general data that would help you, and then see what you can figure out on your own. But it's approximately 600 people involved at Jacobs for that. We're supporting the entire lifecycle of studies, design, construction management, operations, maintenance of the projects there. We're going to be supporting the decommissioning. And so these are framework contracts with periods of up to 10 years, and so it's going to be something that's going to help us for the long term, and it's a pretty important part of our whole nuclear strategy there.
Steven J. Demetriou: So the line-of-business reorganization has been implemented. And so we're off and running now, managing under these four lines of businesses. And it's going extremely well, a lot of excitement coming out, especially as now for the first time, we have these four business presidents able to have a clearer picture of how these sectors roll up globally and the opportunities to drive efficiency and cross-office market strategies among several other things that we believe are going to lead to improved profits and growth over the long term. And so I would say generally it's been impressive on the speed and execution. Everybody is locked in on it, and I think it's going to help us clarify our strategy now over the next several months as we undergo strategic review on each of the lines of businesses. And each of them are dissecting their portfolio and seeing some very interesting things that hopefully we can impact in the short term. So I would say, without trying to overly hype it, it's hard for me to think of any negative lessons learned in that generally everybody is building momentum. And the main reason that it's moving so quickly and building momentum is, as I came into the company, as I mentioned before, this isn't something that I decided that from my past was the right way to run the company. It was just an overwhelming set of inputs to us that we need to move in this direction, that we have tremendous opportunity if we can focus and better integrate and hold accountable global lines of businesses. And so I think that's the main reason why I'm pretty positive about the way it's unfolding.
Steven J. Demetriou: No, no, not at all. If anything, clearly, if you look at each and every one of the lines of businesses, geographic expansion will most likely be part of the strategy because we're very strong in certain geographies, but have left maybe potentially on the table some interesting opportunities in the past that we now just need to seriously consider. And we'll be selective and make sure we can win, and it needs to be profitably growth driven, not just growth. So more to come on that.
Steven J. Demetriou: Let me just frame the answer around how we're responding to that uncertainty, because we don't know, and we're not experts on being able to predict the oil markets or what's going to happen to copper prices or iron ore. But again, what excites me is as we have everyone now focused, more transparency, more rigor, more accountability, as big as we are and as diverse as we are, there's a huge opportunity of growth just based on, in many of the cases we're starting with small shares, and yet we're very strong in where we have those small share of businesses. And so even in this difficult environment, it feels like there's good opportunity out there. But clearly pressures that we have to manage through and a changeover in our backlog, for example, that is working off some old business as we get out there and execute the type of things that I'm talking about. And so, I think it's uncertain. We're not banking on oil prices going up or mining prices going up. When they do, we're going to be positioned extremely well because of our more efficient and even more efficient cost structure in the future. And so we're excited about when that happens, we'll be positioned well. But as we talk now in the near term, it's all about going after opportunities that are in front of us, and it feels like those opportunities should also allow us to see some modest growth as we execute them over the near term.
Steven J. Demetriou: Unfortunately, in my entire career, I've always faced some irrational competitors. But just putting that comment aside, again, in our business where we have longstanding relationships and have a very strong reputation on our various capabilities, it's all about execution. It's all about being more efficient. It's making sure that we're raising accountability and expectations, making sure we're upgrading the talent and all those things we're doing. And it all started even before I arrived, and we're accelerating it with the new lines of business. I'm not sitting here today worried about irrational competitive behavior. I'm more excited about that there are a lot of things in our control to improve this company, both top line and structure. So that's what we're focused on, and so it's not the top of mind with regard to what you're concerned about.
Steven J. Demetriou: Look, I'm confident that we can get back on the growth track. I don't want to give any specific guidance on backlog or timing other than I do expect to see the backlog reverse at some point in the near term, and it's just based on what I've talked about before that most of the hard hit areas, specifically upstream and mining, represent a small portion of our backlog. And I'm pretty excited about some of the prospects that we have in some of the better growth dynamic businesses. And so hopefully that's going allow us to see a trend positively in our backlog at some point.
