Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Roko. Good morning all and welcome to Jacob’s Q3 earnings call. Before getting into the details on the call, I would like to pause and remind you all regarding our safe harbor statement. I guess I pulled the short straw this morning, so I get to read it. The company request that we point out that any statements that the company makes today that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on management’s current estimate and expectations and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results of the company to differ materially from what may be inferred from the forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors, which may occur that could cause or contribute to such differences, the company request that you read its most recent earnings release and its annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 26, 2014. Including Item 1-A, risk factors, Item 3, legal proceedings and Item 7 management’s discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations contained therein. And the most recent form 10-Q for the period ended March 27, 2015 for a description of our business, legal proceedings and other informations that describes the factors that could cause actual results to differ from such forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. So turning to our next slide, a quick outline for our call today. Noel will kick it off with some comments regarding the exciting news about the recent appointments of our new CEO. I will then go over the financial highlights. Noel will then discuss the benefits of our diversity and then call on George Kunberger, Andy Kremer, and Santo Rizzuto, who will each cover up the outlook relative to our end markets. Even though the lineup has changed a bit, unfortunately this morning we received some sad news relative to Terry, our new Executive Vice President of Sales, Terry Hagen, who has had a family emergency and I believe he is probably on a plane right now taking care of business. We certainly wish him well and our thoughts and prayers are with him. Of course, George is more than excited to fill in. His swan song as it relates to his last earnings call prior to his retirement. And finally Noel will then finish with some closing comments. And with that Noel, I turn it over to you.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Santo. I’m going to move to the summary slide. Diversity, as I said earlier, both of the portfolio and the geography, remain a big strength. The backlog is solid. We have plenty of backlog. I want to comment on cost the reduction efforts. The guys have done a really good job positioning us for 2016. As I keep telling people, if you've got your costs really under control, you tend to control your market. And so I think we are in that position right now. I think, in our forecast for the rest of the year we got a range of $3.11 to $3.31 and that includes the tax benefit. And so with that said, I’m going to turn this over to you guys for questions.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks for the question. And good morning. I will tell you that look you are getting at a question that specifically gets to what as a view of our 2016 earnings are going to be and clearly, we will provide that color and detail at the end of our Q4 earnings call. So little too premature to talk about that. Clearly though, there are two dynamics that we are driving towards to, to fundamentally allow us to have an appropriate margin profile. One is the day-to-day operations, mixed dynamics, cost reduction initiatives, which is day-to-day work that is done every day. And is hopefully result in our ability to offset any potential competitive pressures or cost pressures expected from our customers, and so on, and so forth. This restructuring is more about our overhead. And ultimately, we believe that we will be able to see, or reduced levels of G&A in 2016 versus 2015. Now will the full amount be seen on the P&L? Probably not. As I outlined in the call, in my prepared comments, certainly there’s going be some expectations that we want to make some investments in our G&A, which will help support our ability to drive growth longer-term. So certainly, the short answer to your question, yes, we expect actually some P&L benefits and we expect that to help support our bottom line. But it is too premature to talk about specifics as it relates to that for 2016. 
Kevin Berryman: No, I think there is a series of dynamics that are occurring given market conditions, which are having some impact on our backlog. Certainly, I think that the situation on protests and whatnot is relative to the public speech and our federal government certainly is creating some more volatility than I would have expected originally, relative to how backlog gets in and stays and how options are renewed and so on and so forth. And clearly, the oil price dynamic has impacted various parts of our business as well. So other than that, I think the dynamic and the robustness of our discussion on a quarterly basis is robust. And I think that that translates into what Noel characterized as the backlog is there. And so it’s really a matter of us working through some of the transitory issues. Chemicals being one of them that I outlined, where you see revenue currently being down, but our backlog looking really positive there and we expect that that’s been transitioned to an improved revenue picture in 2016.
Kevin Berryman: Those are – that’s a mouthful their Jamie as it relates to the strategy going forward. Certainly with our new CEO, Steve coming in, those are going to be things that certainly we’re going to be discussing with him. Relative to your color though request on geographies and what not, I would certainly characterize this as – across the geographic stand, we have seen opportunities to create greater efficiency and alignment and simplicity throughout the organization. So I would not characterize there being any particular area of focus. Certainly, there are some markets that are seeing greater pressure today versus two years ago. Given the dynamics associated with oil price and so on and so forth, which George is already characterized and talked to. So those are certainly areas where we’re paying attention to. But other than that, ultimately, I wouldn’t really characterize it being specifically and addressing a strategic initiative per se as it relates to the other kind of questions you’ve asked. Those are certainly things we will discuss and work through with Steve when he comes on board.
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think, back to one of the questions that was asked earlier one of the as I ramped up on the business. One thing that is certainly very clear in my mind is how the backlog ultimately transition and the timing of such into revenue. Certainly at the longer than I would have certainly originally anticipated. And that’s probably exacerbated by the dynamics that I’ve already alluded to. I think at the end, we really fundamentally feel as if there is the strength in backlog. And as we project in the balance of the year, the timing of some of our wins in sales could be impacted by our friends in the public space government. And so, we would certainly say the prospects are there. The benefits are there whether they end up getting booked this year or they leak into next year that’s an item of – kind of volatility that could impact the year end numbers. But we feel good about it. I think that results in our backlog. So I'm not maybe growing above the record backlog figures that we had at Q1, but certainly continuing to be quite robust, especially given the impact of foreign exchange.
Kevin Berryman: Okay, this is Kevin. I will take a stab at the pricing dynamic and perhaps Noel wants to make a comment on the Motiva situation. Look on pricing, certainly the end markets where they’re seeing some pressures, which is in the oil and gas space obviously that is certainly an area where we are seeing some pressure from our customers and ultimately that’s required us to negotiate and ultimately look towards it, refocusing our efforts and restructuring to ensure that we maintain our gross margin profile longer-term. Having said all of that, the gross margin number that we’re seeing in the quarter specifically is kind of trending at the full year 2014 level. And as I suggested in the comments, prepared comments, in the first half of 2015. So we are able to offset that through the normal course of just being good at running the nuts and bolts of the business. So certainly, there is some pressure in certain areas, other parts there are less pressure but that’s the normal course of the business and we’re looking to ensure that we’re able to drive a certainly an offset to some of those pressures in our gross margin levels going forward. And perhaps, Noel, I’ll turn to you for any comments on...
Kevin Berryman: Would not characterizes deemphasizing, but certainly it is part of our business. And consequently, we have not made any decision to deemphasize it obviously. And its incorporated into our growth algorithm going forward.
Kevin Berryman: We didn’t provide the specifics and details relative to that. But certainly the bulk of that is going to be 2016. And it depends upon ultimately, how the actions ultimately – when they actually result in final kind of efforts. And, as you know, if you look at the total costs versus the cost that we have incurred to-date on the restructuring, a lot is happening over the next six months. So probably seeing some benefits in 2015 – the bulk of it is really going to be driven into 2016. What that characterization of percentages certainly well above two-thirds, I would say. And other than giving you additional clarity, versus that number, I think we will just stick with that. And certainly, tell you that whatever we have embedded into 2015, certainly is incorporated into our estimate that we have given you for the full year of 2015. I should also make the comment that didn’t actually make any comments in the prepared remarks. But you should be aware that we actually have an additional week this year. So we have a 53 week year given the dynamic of our catch up on every year – several years or so. We have a 53rd week. We don’t think of it as being a material impact. But it is incorporated into our expectations for the full year.
Kevin Berryman: Well, I think in national government, the larger proportion of it is going to come from the defense spend, that we are seeing – the defense and security. Some of those DOD priority that we were talking about. The numbers that we have seen, talking in terms of capital investments or in a things opinions – a number of years. We expect to see good growth in 2016 in that space and beyond. And similar comments to the nuclear market, both in cleanup and in new build in the U.S. and in UK.
Kevin Berryman: The timing, Andrew, as it relates to the restructuring – really we had a really small amount of money that we spend in the second quarter of this year. That is ramping up. We spent a little bit more in this third quarter. And then of course, given the timing and the magnitude of the cost estimate that we’ve highlighted – that means a lot got to happen in this quarter and next quarter, for us to ultimately finish by the end of the calendar year. So this is really going to end up being – largely, I would say a three quarter initiative – leaking into the first quarter of next year. So second, third and fourth quarter. And of course there may be some lingering small things that could leak into beyond the calendar year. But I think that that is kind of the framing and the bookend as it relates to how we’re executing against the costs.
Kevin Berryman: There is variability – there is obviously Andrew because you got to work through work councils on labor issues, you got to work on realigning the organization and actually getting out of real estate that ultimately is going to be part of the restructuring. That just doesn’t happen overnight.
Kevin Berryman: Look I think we are getting proactive as it relates to addressing this particular cost item. And proactivity translates into, I think, our ability to work the number down over time. There are certain other things that are working against us. Certainly, if we have more business in the U.S., that translates into higher tax rates and so on and so forth. Ultimately, we, and I, specifically, believe that there is an opportunity for us to drive that down over time. If taxes are an area that are volatile in nature because you will find things that come out of the woodwork, whether it is chances taken by regulatory authorities or tax authorities around the world, which can give you a plus or minus, which is difficult to predict and understand. But, I do think, if you take away – kind of the discrete item that we talked about, in terms of $0.19, the year-to-date kind of operational tax number is different than what you would have seen a year ago, for example. And we think that we are going to look towards trying to drive that going forward.
Kevin Berryman: Okay. So the total cost is somewhere in the $160 million plus to approaching couple of $100 million, We've done about a little less than $60 million. So the math is pretty easy to compute. So it’s a pretty big number over the next couple of quarters.
Kevin Berryman: ISA-84 is – it’s not a law in the United States just yet. But it is a policy that says listen, if you are running a refinery or chemical plant, you need to look at the safety overall of your facility and to be sure it is incompliance with standard OSPA policies and where the industry is going. So capital decisions are being made on – do we go ahead and upgrade the safety of this facility? Do we take the risk? Because there might be an event – public exposure or public outcry as a result of chemical event increasing as it should. And so a lot of our clients across the board are making decisions to go ahead and look at their facilities and upgrade from a safety perspective, a process safety perspective. This is a law and other parts of the world. Say as an example, in Singapore, where it’s regulatory driven. So the pressure is on actually regulatory in the U.S. as yet. But certainly there is strong social and political pressure to go ahead and spend us money. And some are big clients, Chevron being an example, now have announced some big spends and big programs to go ahead and look at their facilities. So that’s an element of the refinery spend as well as the upgrades on the crude space and flexibility on the crude space that I talked about earlier.
Kevin Berryman: If you look at the numbers, Chase, through the first half, we were kind of in the range of 31.5%. And so if you take the benefits in the quarter, I wouldn’t suggest that the quarter itself is a sustainable number. But, if you look at our year-to- date, excluding the discrete item that we discussed, it is approaching the 31% number. Whether or not we’re going to get all the way to the 31% number, there is some volatility there. But certainly we believe we can get it down versus the 31.5% that we saw over the first half of the year.
Kevin Berryman: No, we – it’s a good question Jeff. Thanks for it. Yes we’re investing in our systems right now, as a matter of fact. It is an area that I think we can collectively we can improve upon and help support the incremental simplicity and alignment that we’re looking for as part of the restructuring. So there certainly are investments that continue to occur.
Kevin Berryman: Well look, the guidance is what it is, if anything, I would say – it is tending to be more narrow than what Jacobs has historically provided. So I think we’re actually giving more closer to a figure, but I think it is a positive.
Kevin Berryman: We’ll look all of the things that you have alluded to. Certainly are items that can impact the number. Certainly the pull through on revenue. Certainly dynamics relative to the effective tax rate. Certainly dynamics relative to foreign exchange. Certainly all of those dynamics timing of ultimately when we’re able to execute against the restructuring and where we might assume that there is something that occurs now and it ends up getting delayed for another month. The savings associated with the restructuring don’t ultimately come into the numbers until later on in the quarter. All of these are factors that would contribute to the range that we have alluded to.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, I think it would be appropriate to utilize the terminology that was used, i.e., it’s a three year term.
Kevin Berryman: The majority of it is SG&A. there is some gross margin benefits of which we have not disclosed, but certainly the bulk of it is G&A related.
Kevin Berryman: This is mine, okay. Steve and I talked about this earlier in the week. I think when Steve gets on board and he gets totally up to speed, we will be looking at the capital structure. And certainly, we will take a look at share repurchase versus dividend, does it make any sense? What are we doing? I think that will be a subject for some time during 2016, that the board will thoroughly address.
Kevin Berryman: Okay. So I think probably at this point in time, we will cut it off. Not sure whether we have anyone else in the queue. But we have gone a bit over. And certainly, I will turn it back over to you Noel, for any final comments or clarity, points of clarity that you would like to make.
Noel Watson: Hi, folks. The really good news is that we have a new CEO, Steven Demetriou onboard to 17 of this month. We have got a brief summary of the resume on this slide here. And you will see that he’s got a strong background in several of our key markets. He has got a really solid proven track record, but putting all that aside for a minute, the main thing that attracted us to Steve was his great leadership skill. And maybe the best reference I got in all of the effort I went through on this thing with a guy that used to work for Steve telling me you know, he made me a much better executive. And that is a really good testimony to Steve. We’re really glad to have them on board. And I am really going to go back to being non-exec chair. And with that I am going to turn this back to Kevin to talk about the finances.
Noel Watson: Hey, thanks Kevin. Let’s go to the end-market diversity slide. I was looking at this yesterday and thinking about the history of it. Back in the middle 80s when the business went through a dramatic recession and we basically operated in refining and chemicals in those days, and the business really went to tank, we decided as a company we would never get caught again in a single market downturn. So what you see on this slide is the end product, which is still an unfinished agenda. Less than half of our business comes from our origin s, which would be chemicals and refining and 55% more comes from other businesses. We have created a very diverse company, which operates in a wide variety of markets. And a slide that you don’t see here is over a wide variety of geographies. So the company’s diverse and markets are diverse and the geographies are diverse. This means as we have said many times before, we will never be hitting on all cylinders, but if we just hit on more than half cylinders, we are going to fine. So what I want to do now is turn the heavy process over to George.
Noel Watson: Well, I think in the downstream marketplace in the U.S. there is a lot of variables that are playing into capital investments in our client’s heads. I mean, first of all I think just the instability of what was really happening as a result of the oil prices and what was happening to the price of gas and what was happening to the light ends, what was happening to the shale oil business as far as feedstocks into the downstream business was moving pretty rapidly at it during the first part of this year. And I think we saw a lot of clients hesitate as far as putting money into their plant that’s progressed or until they understood it. As I said now, things seem to be starting to stabilize. I don’t want to over characterize that. But starting to stabilize as far as understanding the economic and therefore clients being able to make capital decisions with a fair amount of confidence. Today, the drivers are really increased margins, improved security and safety and improved efficiencies of these individual refineries. And they have – they are generating a lot of cash especially in the independent side. And so, they have the money to invest, driven mostly by the margins and our opportunities to make profit, which is a little different than what we’ve talked about earlier, which was cheap feedstock, light-end feedstock for export purpose. So that the basic fundamentals have changed a little bit and they seem to be stabilized.
Noel Watson: Perhaps I can characterize or reemphasize the characterization I made in the comments, preliminary comments. Certainly, we’re focused on our overhead related costs and there are real estate and labor related targeting reductions there. Specifically, I would say that we’re looking at – I’m going to call it in the neighborhood of 15% impacting our overhead infrastructure in terms of labor, as well as probably of around 10% of our real estate related activity. So those are areas that we’re focused on. We believe that we’re going to be able to deliver against the savings, which I’ve already made some comments on about how much of that will help support our earnings growth going forward. And really, effectively, we’re kind of facing this on positioning ourselves for the future growth that we know we need to drive. So we’ve actually had some realignment of our businesses, which is creating additional simplicity in our business and ultimately providing an ability for our teams to focus more on driving the business versus managing the metrics that we have in our organization. So all of that is good stuff, which ultimately would translate into our ability to drive incremental growth going forward.
Noel Watson: Yes, let me talk about the Motiva thing is about as well explained in the date as we’re going to make it. Nobody at this table is in a panic over it. It will go through the normal course of events. But I don’t think it is appropriate to say a lot more than that because we spent a lot of time writing what we wrote and giving absolutely full disclosure.
Noel Watson: Let me do that. I get to answer a question. What I would say generally is that, the first thing in the cost savings – I think Kevin said it quite well. We will get some kick out of that. I don’t think there is any doubt about that. I think as far as the margins go, I think the margin rates have stabilized. Certainly, the business seems to be much more stable then it was six months ago, when we had oil going from 100 to 110 who knows where – back up and down and it stabilize. So that’s giving our customers a little more certainty.  And it is not that they can’t deal with $50 oil. It is hard for them to deal with the uncertainty. I think as we move forward in the 2016. I think the early part of 2016, we are probably going to see margins a little more flattish. I think getting a kick out of the savings and we are getting out of the restructuring. But I do expect most of our markets – and some of these markets, particularly infrastructure and the public and institutional markets are quite strong right now. So I think as we move through 2016 we’ll see a nice recovery. And uptake you know probably won’t make a point around 2016. But I don’t think we know at this time, it goes right in the middle of 20%. And that is probably the best answer we can give there.
Noel Watson: Well, as characterized in the comments, the – the professional services relatively stable year-over-year. But you got to remember there are $700 million of foreign exchange impact. So the underlying constant currency build is real. And I would characterize that in the professional services as well.
Noel Watson: So if you give the split of the business, that is relatively close, close enough for government work as it relates to the split.
Noel Watson: Yes. The only think I would add there, we still have a – almost a record number of proposals outstanding. They are going to get adjudicated over the next, I guess, three to six months time guys that probably will be….
Noel Watson: There is – there are a lot of prospects out there it’s kind of went through and the defense spending doesn’t seem to be going away. No, and we certainly have an opportunity to grow that piece of business.
Noel Watson: Yes, well that’s good. I think it is an interesting conversation. George talked about it. Maybe I talk about it a little bit. The commodity price, unless if you want to call that, copper 235 or whatever it is an oil at 50 or whatever it is – has made a lot of customers particularly the non-government type thing. And when they think, they slowdown. As they tried to get certain on what their end markets will go. There is no logic on Earth, for instance, for there to be any effect on the chemical business with the drop in oil price, in my mind. Except a lot of the companies, they are suffering cash flow problems are big in chemicals. And so when you look at it like that, these guys have got to sort out in their own minds where they are going. So even though the direct result is on oil and gas, maybe on refining somewhat, it has to spill over in chemical. And I am convinced we got spilled over in other places. So as we get little more certainly into the world, I think, these customers are going to be more confident – more confident in their ability to generate returns. And I think we’re going to see neat update, as we go through 2016, providing the world doesn’t fall apart somewhere else. But I do believe at this point in time, as George said it best, they are already coming back to a single, maybe we want to restart this. What do we do with this? And even though we’ve got some really big wins in the chemical business, some of which we haven’t even pressed. We’re moving on a phase at a time. And so there is dip in the revenues where some of the work got worked off. We’ve got a whole bunch front end packages that we are positive will get built. But we’re getting released a piece at a time. And so I think that’s what’s going on in 2016. So I don’t look at 2016 as being a barn burning year. But I certainly look at 2016 as being an up definitely.
Noel Watson: Yes, I would say it will be early at first quarter 2016. Of any significant increase in backlog because as Noel said, even these projects are being released Phase by Phase and we are relatively conservative on what we backlog on to make sure these projects are really going to go forward before we commit to them. Well I would say be more early 2016 than any other major second quarter 2016 from a backlog perspective.
Noel Watson: Thanks for the question, Anna. But we’re out of the cancellation and disclosure mode. We don’t want to talk about it anymore.
Noel Watson: Let me deal with on. We have had it on hold. We made one little bitty acquisition during the first of the year. Something we have been working on for a couple of years. They have got the design license in China. We’re just waiting – Steve has got to get in here, he’s got to look at the business. Certainly, at some point in time, we will be back in the acquisition business. But I would guess that it will take Steve a quarter or two, as he looks at the business, decides what to do. But certainly, at the board level, we know we got to go back and I think as Kevin said, the pace of the stock repurchase is going to be, at least now, considerably less than the last one. And so, we’re really looking at spreading that money over the three-year period, unless something dramatic happens.
Noel Watson: So, you know, and part of that is we’ve been able to take that mining business in Chile, and we take it into the sustaining capital and we made it very successful. So we don’t need a lot of new big cap projects to make our business in South America work well. And that’s just a general geographic spread.
Noel Watson: No, this is global. We are reducing cost everywhere it makes sense to reduce cost in the restructuring, taking us back to being very competitive. Because some of this – maybe a whole bunch of this goes to the bottom line.
Noel Watson: Okay, hey, thanks folks. It was a good session. The questions were good. We enjoy your interest. And we look forward to continue working relationship with you. Thanks a lot.
George Kunberger: Good morning everyone. Well certainly it’s a tragedy that Jerry is off dealing with the emergency that he is dealing with today. But on top of that, I am disappointed that you are not getting a chance to meet Terry [indiscernible] a phone, my young protege who have turned this sales department over to. I have lots of confidence in him and leaving the go to a very nice retirement, very confident in my backfill. But for now you will have to deal with the old guy coming out of the bullpen. So let me try and adequately fill in for Terry. As we look at the process area, we find oil and gas and chemicals as we traditionally make it up. I would characterize that area as good. The market, not robust and euphoric certainly, but good, and more importantly I would say stabilized. An indicator of the stability of the marketplace say as compared to last quarter and the quarter before is that all of the major projects we had in all of these areas going into the third quarter of this year have not been canceled. They have all progressed through major financial reviews within their own organizations and have gone on to the next step. And so that’s a very good sign that our client base is starting to get comfortable and understand the current economic conditions globally in this area. And indeed, there have actually been projects that were put on hold back a quarter or two ago that clients are calling us to restart and to think about get going and that’s particularly notable in the refinery states. Quickly jumping down to the refinery area, you know, there is a general uptick in that area. Those refining margins around the world are up as I’m sure you are well aware. There is a number of economic factors that are driving that. There is some growth and demand overall. There is certainly some opportunities in spot markets and taking advantage of low crude and track crude around the world particularly in the independent refineries, but also to a large degree even in the integrated oil company. So we’re starting to see projects that are being put on the floor, to work off of, from a prospect perspective, that are going to drive I think continued growth in this area over the next certainly year. So I am pretty bullish about that. In addition, there is some ongoing stuff that our refiners have to face relative to safety, energy efficiency, et cetera that are continuing to drive project. So that space is good I would say and we will continue to relatively good going forward. The oil and gas, which we basically put in upstream and midstream type of projects, obviously we all understand the economics of oil prices, but again those are starting to stabilize. And one important area for us, of course, is in Saudi Arabia and so the Kingdom has continued to invest in their social economic programs. And so they’re producing oil at a rapid pace and they are committed to – continuing to do that which is of course driving lots of midstream projects for us with Saudi Aramco. Even though areas like Canada and the oil sands continue to be very weak from a pricing perspective and large capital projects are certainly going to be few and far between, the sustaining capital markets for us is continue to be good. And more importantly being a very strong maintenance provider and craft service provider in Canada. We are actually growing that marketplace and continue to take market share. It’s not going to move the needle tremendously, but it’s certainly provides good stability in that marketplace for us. And of course of the fundamentals of the chemical business, despite Kevin talking about a little bit temporary softness in the marketplace, quite frankly the underlying fundamentals have not changed globally, driven by gas prices, they continue to be there. We’re going into, as you well know, under the third – third round of methane crackers. There is a lot of ammonia and those type of projects out there. Now, Jacobs, as you well aware, plays secondarily in those things in OSDLs and derivative type of projects, which I will tell you those projects are pretty ample on our prospects slate. And actually while we have not announced some of them. We have actually been successful in – some fairly large projects in that space even in the last couple of weeks. So in the secondary chemical space, things like our Montana project that we did announced this last quarter, which is a significant project, the fundamental economics of those projects are very, very strong. And so we expect, certainly that the stuff we have not backlog, to continue to go through and – again as Kevin said, to drive the mostly construction type of revenues in 2016, but our prospect list continues to also be refad. And so I am pretty bullish overall in the process sector. I’m not euphoric, but I am also pretty comfortable that it is going to be a strong part of our business for the next years to come.
George Kunberger: Yes, I’ll just add, as I said earlier, if you look at the first half of this year, of our fiscal year, again the instability of the decision-making process with our major customers caused a lot of projects to be either canceled, delayed, or certainly slowed down. And so that added to what Kevin was saying. I mean, that has started to stabilize. I mean decisions are now going forward as the projects that are – that we’re decided to go forward are going forward that ones that we’re canceled or being reconsidered I would say. In some cases, starting again - more in the refining space and the chemical space. So it’s more that. And that stability and the understanding of the economics going forward, I think is a more comfortable space for our clients and I think we’ll see more steady continued growth in that area.
George Kunberger: Yes, no I think that’s – that is Jamie, asked the question a while ago. That’s the one area in our prospect plays there. I think we talked about this before in this conference call. That has some variability from a timing perspective and intensive decision making except for a – I would like to talk about and give the answer decision making particularly in the U.S. on some of those growth prospects that you talked about here now. Those definitely slide fourth quarter or first – fourth quarter, first quarter next year talk about placement time that is the one variable.
George Kunberger: Well, we learned our brand is good. I would say that, I mean, it was kind of night during the executive search for – came back and they did come up with good candidates who are really interested in the job. Ultimately Steve is really interested in the job. We were really interested in Steve. And so it is going to work just fine. I think we learned a brand in Scotland. You all know with something a little bit. I think that what's going on today with restructuring, it going to put us back in position of being a really solid cost for this year and going to allow us to control the market like we like to. And so we can go get what we want to get and still make money. And that is where we are trying to position the company. I think the board feels good about it. Even in the engagement of Steve. Every one of the board members interviewed Steve. And every one of the board members wanted to hire him. So he's got a big onus on his back. I know he is listening to this. So anyway, that’s what I know, Mike.
George Kunberger: Yeah in refining. So as I said, it’s a wide variety of things, I mean it certainly is – we look at the Independence, trying to take advantage of low oil prices, captured crude that they can get cheap on the spot market, their own inventories that they build up and being able to take advantage of that. That’s certainly an impact of it. As they go ahead and decide to spend the capital on some of these crude flexibility types of projects, they are going ahead and spending the money on energy efficiencies, upgrades, as well. And then as we look at the ISA-4, which is going to be a pretty broad spend over a long period of time, not just in the downstream refining market.
George Kunberger: Listen, I think that – excuse me. Fundamentally, we will strive to run our business from a cost perspective to make good business sense and to drive value to the shareholders. It is not necessarily in response to the competition. We would make these decisions independent of the competition. As Noel said earlier, as we continue to keep our cost and that’s been the entire legacy of the company, at a low level, it gives us a lot of flexibility in a competitive world. But it is not necessarily to drive the decisions that we’re making here today at all. It is just good business.
