Claudia Jaramillo: Thank you, Kevin. Turning to Slide 12, I have now been with Jacobs for just over one year and look forward to formally succeeding Kevin next week. He has been a superb partner throughout this transition period and I feel privileged to help lead this company at such an important inflection point in its history. As EVP of Strategy and Corporate Development, I've overseen the rollout of our strategic stand-up management office at the center of the CMS separation. Our goal is to continue to serve our clients without interruption, optimize both companies operating models and to effectively manage risk associated with the separation. Due to the hard and tireless work of our teams, we have made significant progress towards effective We can also confidently reinforce that we intend to eliminate separation-related stranded costs. In addition, we have identified value levers that we believe can lead to continued productivity gains at independent Jacobs. Last quarter, we outlined independent Jacobs target operating profit margins of 12% from separation alone. Yet, we believe there is further upside, and it is our goal to further expand margins post separation. We'll have more to say about that over time. But one of the most exciting aspects of the separation is the opportunity to drive further growth and profitability with the streamlined Jacobs. Jacobs has a recognized sustainable business model with a strong foundation that aligns purpose with both growth and value creation. I, like the rest of the Jacobs team, am absolutely committed to Jacobs' purpose-led vision. Our vision underpins our commitment to deliver superior results for our shareholders, employees and broader stakeholders. I look forward to meeting more of our employees, clients and investors in the weeks and months to come, as I assume the CFO position. Thank you, and I will turn the call over to Bob.
Claudia Jaramillo: So thank you, Jamie. On the first one, the cost opportunities. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we see the opportunity -- day 1 is just to start. And with a more streamlined strategy and the business model, we see lots of opportunities for more efficiencies as we can also leverage more our global delivery platform. So efficiencies, more focused strategy and the agility that, that will bring. So lots of opportunities on the cost optimization front. On the capital allocation structure, we are -- we said it before, we are very happy with the opportunities we have, our portfolio. We are focusing on our organic growth, and we see it. We've building this portfolio over time. We see the opportunities to invest in ourselves to continue delivering this growth. So we prioritize that and returning excess cash to our shareholders. So those are the priorities and all that really on a risk-adjusted basis.
Claudia Jaramillo: Yes. Thank you, Sean. So first, I want to say the work is under with way, right? So part of the separation is understanding the entanglements and all that. So just -- and we will be sharing a lot more as we progress in the process. So to explain it is, one, there are many functions or tasks and processes that you have when you put different factors together, and so that applies to different functions. Is it support functions? Is it workflows and so on? So Sean, you can think of finance put in numbers to that, is it HR, is it the delivery model and so on. So as you simplify and streamlined, you see those efficiencies also the ability to share data depending on where you operate. So it really goes at multiple levels. And as I said, we will be sharing that as we progress in the process and the work is underway. And it's a very well structured process and the standup management office that we have. To give you an idea, it's around 25 work streams that we have all the different functions and in operations and everywhere where we operate. And as I said before, one key element of that is our very strong model of the global delivery platform. So that allows us to extract further efficiencies as we maximize the use of that platform.
Claudia Jaramillo: And what I would add to that, Andy, is we use the cash conversion as a key metric for us. So it's really important to show is the cash conversion and we have shown the strong cash conversion. So all these numbers is to help our investors understand the numbers. Hopefully, that helps to analyze the numbers. But the cash conversion remains very strong, and we are very committed to maintaining that strong delivery.
Claudia Jaramillo: Yes. So the PA comment is really focused on PA and it's more aligned with the end markets that PA has. So they have a lot of strength in specific markets and then is more aligned the resources with that strength in some markets and then what they see in the other markets that are more flat. So that's really PA related. And then CMS is more the connectivity with -- between CMS and the rest of the company and the comments that Bob made about our efforts looking at our operating model and all the efficiency gains and productivity that we see as we have cost reductions with a more streamlined strategy and execution.
Robert Pragada: Thank you, Claudia. Turning to Slide 13, due to strong year-to-date performance and forward indicators, we reiterate our outlook for FY '23 adjusted EBITDA to a range of $1.42 billion to $1.47 billion and adjusted EPS to $7.25 to $7.45. We will provide guidance for fiscal year 2024 in conjunction with our Q4 earnings release. Turning to Slide 14, in closing, I would like to express my tremendous appreciation for Kevin's contribution to the transformational success of our company over the last 8-plus years. Kevin is a great personal friend and has been a fantastic business partner. I am privileged to have his continued support as my special adviser. We are very fortunate to have Claudia as a critical leader on our team. I look forward to her continued accomplishments and contributions building on her success to date. Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Mike, thanks. I'd say right now, the margin improvement is coming from a couple of key drivers. First is around the mix. We are finding a larger part of our portfolio in the consulting advisory component. And when I say that, I'm not saying exclusively PA, that's across the board, even on our infrastructure engagements right now, we're hitting jobs right at the front end where kind of got a higher-end, higher-margin consultative service component. So mix is definitely a driver. The second component on current margin expansion is around the operational discipline that we've been working on for quite a while. And so our project delivery as well as the stability in our offering has continued to evolve. Moving forward, as far as the continued expansion, the digital enablement is starting to come through. You can't quite see it just yet, but it's becoming a larger part of our portfolio, and this is broad. This is broad across the enterprise. And then the global delivery model. We've been talking about that for several quarters, but that global delivery model is paying some real fruit, and we see that continuing to rise moving forward.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Andy, unfortunately, we can't. That's -- right now, I've just mentioned that the interest is strong. We're evaluating. And we can't go into any more detail on that. I apologize.
Robert Pragada: We do. We do. The IIJA component is really kind of in the -- I'd still say it's in the early innings, but we're seeing that flow through Andy, we actually got in front of that with the grant component and assistance in the grant applications. That now, coupled with the formulaic based funding that's flowing, has really helped. So yes, we do see that legislation-driven funding, not just IIJA, but also the other legislation that's been passed and that moving forward is going to continue to be a big piece. The other thing that it's done is it has -- it's kind of stimulated other legislative acts around the world. I think there's an EU Chips Act that we've now seen some of the components to as well as infrastructure stimulus coming out in other parts of the world. So kind of the world is getting behind this.
Robert Pragada: Sure. Yes, Jerry, that's a great way of looking at it. The short answer is yes. We see it as a larger part of our portfolio moving forward. Backlog is robust. And I guess what really gives us some confidence in the continued growth, and Kevin mentioned that it was -- it's been six quarters, but just kind of step back, we've been in growth mode in this business for probably the better part of the last four years, is what's happening in the industry You talked about re-shoring, but specifically in life sciences, and it's been well published, the level of technology coming out was really driven by oncology in the past, but now we're seeing things with regards to obesity and then the obesity drugs that are having a positive effect on heart disease, we're seeing that in our pipeline and in our backlog with the Tier 1 customers that we've been doing work for ages. That coupled with the Chips Act and all that's going on in the EV world, we got -- the tailwinds would give us confidence that, that is going to be a bigger percentage of our portfolio.
Robert Pragada: I think right now, the indications are, yes. But the visibility that we have, we have visibility from a project standpoint probably six to nine months out. What we're basing our confidence in is the continued trends in technology. So the short answer is yes.
Robert Pragada: Sure. We stuck to the [ 6% to 9% ] long-term top line growth rate, and that was what my comment was referring to. And right now, we've got some nice tailwinds behind us. So the higher end of that range is where we are.
Robert Pragada: Sure, Chad. The pipeline within the water sector, and I'm talking globally, is probably the fastest-growing pipeline that we have in the business, and that is in the 30%, 40% year-on-year growth in the pipeline. So very robust, being driven by a infrastructure EPA regulations in the states as well as just the need for water, the drought infested areas of not just the U.S. and all that's happening around climate change and then our climate response is driving the need. This need is being funded in a whole variety of sources. I mean these are user fees, these are supplemented by certain government actions that are happening around the world. So all of kind of the drivers are strong and they're not going away. The need is high and governments and state and municipal areas are standing behind it. So we're -- and we're right in the middle of it. And as you know, Chad, we've been a leader in that sector for decades, and that's really coming through.
Robert Pragada: Yes. I'd say margins right now are above kind of the mean margins within the sector today. I think there's some room there. And I think that it's going to continue to be a major part of our overall enterprise-wide portfolio moving forward.
Robert Pragada: Yes. Steve, I think that from a sustained standpoint, we've been vocal that we could drive double-digit growth from a bottom line perspective. I think there was an earlier question around mix. So we're going to have events where we might get some pops in the business. But I'd say on a sustained go-forward basis that double-digit growth in the sustaining area where it's at now is the way to think about it.
Robert Pragada: Yes. I'd say a couple of things, Steve. One is that we have been very deliberate over the course of several years. And Kevin and I have talked a lot about it over the last years and now you're hearing Claudia say the same thing is that we feel comfortable of those end markets that we are acutely focused in on, have got strong tailwinds. Wouldn't -- nobody is going to say that they are resilient of recession. But those tailwinds aren't going anywhere and are probably less tied to inflation than other consumer-driven type of areas. And even in the area that we have some exposure to the broader consumer, these are now in the world of life sciences and chips and broad-based manufacturing that is tied to geopolitical as well as geoeconomic kind of reshaping of the world. So from a portfolio standpoint, we feel strong. And wherever the economy is going, those tailwinds, we feel confident in. The other is around our operations and our cost posture. We're doing a lot right now on the operating model and how we run the company and how we go to market, and we're using this inflection point with the separation of CMS to even accelerate that component, talk a little bit about in the prepared remarks. So that's creating more internal resilience. And then the last I would say is something that Claudia spoke about earlier, and that's cost optimization. We have known us -- Steve, you've known us for a long time, for decades, we have been a company that has been very acutely focused in on cost and cost management and that's in our DNA, and we're going to continue to do that as we continue to look at the leaner structure prospect.
Robert Pragada: Yes, Andy, we do. And part of that is, if you look -- if you kind of dissect Divergent, as we've talked about in previous quarters, the area that's growing at the fastest rate are those platforms that we've developed around transportation and water. And those are growing very fast. Now the reason why we're not necessarily seeing that at the top line is because these are platforms that are driving growth at the bottom line for Divergent and creating margin expansion in P&PS, part of that digital enablement of an earlier question, too. So from a bottom line standpoint, the answer would be, yes, we see that visibility, and it's being driven by infrastructure, transportation and water, and we're getting those platforms now into the energy sector as well. So more to follow on how that's going to continue to catalyze P&PS.
Robert Pragada: Sure. Sabahat, it's really the early phases of the early innings have been probably indexed more towards transportation. So we're seeing more in that. But now we're kind of starting to see the front end of different -- I mentioned the New Orleans job where we're doing some green fleeting of the bus systems and the other transport. So under the guides of transport, with now some clean energy components that are tied to it, and we'll start to spill over in some IRA application as well. I would say on the larger, whether it be some of the lead-free work or -- I'm sorry, the lead pipe and the lead topic work as well as some additional support of some of the larger water infrastructure, we would expect to see that coming up, too. So transport first, moving into clean energy and the energy component of transport and then down the road water.
Robert Pragada: All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining and look forward to continued growth and success. Kevin, thank you so much, and welcome Claudia to the future. Thanks, everyone. Look forward to talking to you next time.
Kevin Berryman: Look, I would say it's a variety of things: good execution, certainly good growth as it relates to those businesses that we've already discussed in our prepared remarks. And so I think it positions us well to end the year well and ultimately continue to drive forward in 2024.
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, the cost actions have been taken. So we're expecting on a go-forward basis that, that will improve the margins. we have been talking about utilization and rightsizing the business for a while. And ultimately, the management team got to the point where they decided to proactively go after it as opposed to grow into it. And so we're excited about the ability for that to have taken place. Really good work by the management team. And so that run rate is effectively being embedded into the business going forward.
Kevin Berryman: Maybe -- thanks, Andy. But let me take a stab. As Claudia suggested in her prepared remarks, we're working through that right now as we speak, relative to the CMS separation efforts. And so it's premature to really give any perspective on that. I think the bottom line relative to your cash comment for 2023 is basically correct. And so at the end of the day, I think the other point that you asked, is it going to be -- it's going to drop to the bottom line or be reinvested? I think that Claudia has made it very clear in her comments that the stranded cost opportunities are, we believe, of substance, and that's going to take a lot of hard work to get after it. But I think we'll leave it there. And fundamentally, I think what the plan will be is that we'll give some additional color, Claudia and Bob will give some additional color when we talk in our Q4 earnings release and outlook for 2024.
