Noel G. Watson: Thanks, Kevin. Now why don't we go to Slide 6. And kind of we're going to talk about the relationship-based business model, but we'll do that when we get to 7. Kevin talked to some degree about the market diversity. And most of you know I've been around a long time, and it was many decades ago when we decided -- thank you, we decided in the last real bad downturn in the '80s that it was important to be in more than a single market. So over the decades, we have leveraged our diversity both in a wide variety of end markets that George will talk about, and we have also -- have a geographic spread that really crosses the globe. And so those 2 things we're very thankful for today because we do have headwinds in a couple of markets. When I signed on for the job, I didn't dream I was going to have $45 oil and $2.50 copper, but we do. So it is a fact of life, and we have to deal with it, but many of our markets are very strong right now and George will talk about that. The cash position is good. And by the way, in a market like this, it's a good opportunity to drive down cost, and we're going to have to do that. Now when we get done with that, we move to Slide #7, our relationship-based business model. This slide has been around about as long as I have, and it hasn't changed. And it all starts with our relationship model, our drive to service a smaller group of clients, service them well, know their businesses as well as and better than they do and do outstanding performance for them. And when we get that superior performance that comes with understanding them better than almost anybody else will, we get a continuity of business that is staggering. And the trust it builds, and the repurchase loyalty it builds, the lower-cost G&A sales that go with it is a huge strength for our company. So even though Craig has moved on into retirement, nothing is going to change with the model. So we're putting a lot of effort into steady earnings growth and recapturing the 15% that we talk about over the decades. And with that, I'm going to let George talk a few minutes about market diversity, which is Slide 8.
Noel G. Watson: Thanks, George. Go to Slide 12, guys. I keep forgetting to turn the mic on. I apologize. Slide 12 on acquisitions. Well, we have a history of getting about 1/3 of our growth out of acquisitions. And long term, we'll continue to do that. At this point in time, we're slow doing acquisitions. We're digesting what we have. We're focusing on organic growth. And we're going to be harboring our cash for the next big deal. But right now, the acquisitions are basically on hold. But long term, we do need to make acquisitions to get to double-digit growth. Go to Slide 13, and I'll give you the sales pitch. Our model works. It's good. We will continue with it on my watch. All you have to do is see the kind of relationships we got with many big clients and really the successes we had in faraway places like Saudi Arabia, where we have an extremely strong relationship with Aramco. And you can see the model works, and we're not deviating. Our diversification is a godsend right now. Let's not kid ourselves. If we were 100% in oil and gas, we'd be dead. No we're not. And so with the success we've had in some of the businesses, particularly the chemicals George talked about and then on the public and infrastructure businesses, we don't need to have all 8 cylinders working. If we get 5 or 6 out of 8 working, we do just fine. And we have that working today. The balance sheet is good. We will use the current crisis going on with some of our clients to focus on cost advantage. We will be cutting cost. We're not going to do anything draconian, but we are focusing on getting the cost out of the system to make us more competitive, particularly in the heavy process business where that's going to be a necessity. And with that given, I think we're going to open it up for questions.
Noel G. Watson: Yes, they were basically in the oil and gas [ph] process industry, and they're about $400 million out of the revenue stream.
Noel G. Watson: And I think another thing, Jamie, in that area. The same resources do a lot of this work, whether it's refining, heavy process, those type of things. And so it's very transferable knowledge.
Noel G. Watson: Well, what we'd say, Andrew, is this. Right now, as George said, that the prospect list is really good. And so sitting at this point, we expect the backlog to grow. I know with all the headwinds, things could change, but as we look out over the next 3 quarters, we frankly expect the backlog to grow, not shrink.
Noel G. Watson: Well, you know we can't give you a lot, Andrew. Some of the markets that we're in, the oil and gas market certainly, the Canadian market and some of those, the customers are going to be relentless in driving our cost down and their cost down. But if I look at it on balance, I frankly, personally, don't expect to see much of a significant margin reduction this year. That's the way we've kind of looked at the data. Because while George talks about the process business, the margins may come down in refining and oil and gas, but they'll come down some, but the margins in the chemical business should stay strong, and the margins in the public sector business is going to be good. So I am not looking at a drop in the margins on average.
Noel G. Watson: And Steve, the other point I'd like to emphasize is that some of the short term is really oriented around some of the cancellation, not necessarily the burn going forward. So you get $400 million of cancellations, you got the project teams in place, and when those cancellations come through, you have to be proactive in making sure your costs get realigned.
Noel G. Watson: As you know, Mike, and as you've known us well over the years, we're going to continue to focus on mid-cap sustaining work, those type of things, and we got the system working really hard at that. And there's going to be a lot more of that work around than there is the elephants. I think we know that. There's going to be some elephants offshore, but there aren't going to be many onshore. And so that kind of plays to our strength. It means it's going to be a dog fight because competitors are going to come down and want our piece of the pie. So they're going to come after us like gangbusters, but we are well positioned. And so I would say that, right now, I think you used the word downturn, we're not classifying this as a downturn. We got headwinds. We got some markets that are really strong, Mike, and we think they're going to carry us through quite nicely.
Noel G. Watson: Well, we like to say it's all going to go to the bottom line, but that's probably not right. I think what we're going to see is a combination. Certainly, in some of the areas, particularly the big oil guys, they're going to pressure us for price reductions, and we may have to give a little bit. What we do believe is some of these cost reductions will go right to the bottom line. Now whether it's 50-50 or 70-30, I'm just not that smart.
Noel G. Watson: Well, I've got to be really honest with you, Tahira. I'd say we did a lot of detailed work and then we threw a dart, to be very honest with you. I mean, it's that kind of task as we tried to nail down the forecast and figure. And we finally decided we can't because there's too many moving pieces right now. And remember, we're only a couple of months into this decline. And so where it's going to land, where it's going to stop, how long it's going to be. I've got the Vice Chairman of Chevron sitting here with me, and he kept telling me to generalize. And I think the real question is, how long? And by the way, he's not smart enough to answer that, so I'm certainly not. So I think that's how we got at it. I mean, this was not a precise exercise. We tried to make it, and we couldn't do it.
Noel G. Watson: Well, we're not smart enough. This is Noel again. We're not smart enough to know the difference. We don't think the mix impact is going to be measurable.
Noel G. Watson: Yes, let me answer that. Yes, we view SKM as a big success. Obviously, they had a big mining business, and it's being impacted by the $2.50 copper and all of that, but the infrastructure side of the business is singing [ph]. And we have been able to do a fair amount of synergies. We have a pretty good airport business in North America and the U.K. And what we've been able to do, we've been winning airport work right and left in Australia recently. So we view that as a big success. And there's still things to do in terms of the integration. And that's not totally complete, but it will complete this year.
Noel G. Watson: Yes, I think even if you go into Morocco, where we're just finishing about $6.5 billion worth of work, and we got another big phase starting, that work is moving forward nicely. And so the demographic issues or geopolitical, however you want to name them, are very different across the world.
Noel G. Watson: Well, I'm wondering when you were going to ask that. I'm having too much fun, and we canceled it. No, that's not right. The reality is, we've started. We're having weekly phone calls. We're getting into the meat of really getting on with it. And so I would say, by the next phone call, which is 3 months from now, we ought to be pretty well complete. I hope so anyway.
Noel G. Watson: Yes, I think you got to remember, if you go look at the budgets within the individual states, they're up fairly dramatically over the last 3 or 4 years. So even here in California, our governor found a way to have a lot of money to spend. That's -- we taxpayers don't like that, but that's a fact. As a business, we do.
Noel G. Watson: Hey, guys, we're going to have to terminate. We've got a board meeting we've got to go do. We've got people standing in the hall. I'm sorry we can't answer all the questions, but Kevin is here, and he'll take all your questions. So just give him a buzz, okay. We thank you for all your interest. We're excited about what's going on. We feel good about what's going on, obviously. We're a little disconcerted about some of the unknowns, but we're going to power through all this. So thanks again and have a good day. Bye now.
Kevin C. Berryman: All right, Jamie, nice to hear from you. Just a couple of follow-up comments on your question. As it relates to the Q2 versus the balance of the year, I think it really translates into the fact that with the cancellations, we have to realign our resources, and so there is a short-term pressures, until which time, all of that is in place. The restructuring that was done last year, we've been able to deliver against that, and we have embedded into the results the expectations that we originally had in terms of that. So we're not talking about another substantive restructuring, but we are talking very disciplined, very focused, very targeted opportunities to make sure that we reduce our cost in order for us to be successful in any market environment. And certainly, Noel emphasized that as well. So I think the commentary is more about Q2, which probably indicates that seeing EPS growth versus -- in Q2 versus the balance of the year is more difficult, but we won't give necessarily any guidance specifically by quarter but give you a perspective that year-over-year growth in EPS is more challenging in Q2 versus the balance of the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, if I knew what the FX rates were going to be, I probably wouldn't be working here. I'd be on a beach somewhere with an umbrella in my drink. But notwithstanding that, look, the dynamic and the strength of the dollar certainly is having some implications for us in terms of what our reported earnings are going to be. We have some of that already embedded and expected in the outlook that we have provided, but certainly, the dollar has strengthened significantly over the course of the first quarter. So I think what we're talking about is in the neighborhood of $0.05, $0.06, maybe $0.07, $0.08 for the full year. So it's not a huge number, but it is a number that we're going to have to pay attention to and make sure that we drive our operating agenda to ensure that, that effect is minimized.
Kevin C. Berryman: It's pretty simple, Steve, and nice to meet you over the phone. It is really about the burn rate in terms of our ability in the new business that has been booked and our ability to burn it when that starts and how ultimately some of the cancellations impact us in the short term. So clearly, this is something that Jacobs is used to and managing. But ultimately, it's really not about anything other than how the burn is going to go flow through the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure. A couple of comments. First, the operating cash flow characteristics of the company remains strong. And I think that one of the areas that we are, will be and have been focusing on is on the accounts receivable side. You'll get the Q, I think, over the course of the next few days, but you'll see in there that our accounts receivable were basically in line with previous levels. And it's certainly an area that is a big investment in our company, and we need to make sure we continue to be diligent and drive that number down. That's a focus in the company. So hopefully, we'll be able to see some improvements from that perspective over the course of the year. As it relates to other uses of cash, really, CapEx is not a big number for the company. Acquisitions, we're going to be, I would say, thoughtful in that process, as Noel suggested. So -- but we still have the flexibility to execute against that. And the balance of the operations are well on hand. We expect to see good cash flow. And of course, we will be -- at current share price levels -- more aggressive on the share buyback.
Kevin C. Berryman: Tahira, I would augment that to -- basically, the collective -- with some of the team, we've had a lot of discussions over the last 3 weeks, and I think Noel is entirely accurate in his representation of, there's been a lot of key variables that we need to keep track of as it relates to what the momentum is in our business in certain end markets, and look, we feel comfortable with what we're telling you. Certainly, could it vary from what we're talking about given the dynamics in some of the end markets, of course. But we're going to be diligent most importantly in terms of our management of our fixed cost structure, which will allow us to be successful in any of the environments going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, the question. Three weeks in, I would tell you that it has been very exciting to jump in with both arms and legs to learn the business in. I certainly feel as if I'm getting a good grasp of some of the core tenets of the business and some of the challenges and some of the opportunities. I do believe that, collectively, the team is having a good pulse on what's happening in the market and things that we might want to be considering in terms of driving improved levels of performance. I would tell you, it's too early for me to give you any serious and discrete things that we will be talking about in the future, but I do believe there are opportunities. And it's certainly why I came in my opening comments, and I think the team believes the same. As it relates to the guidance, look, it is what it is. We are comfortable with that at this particular point in time, and we will update it as we give more information over the course of the balance of the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: So just a quick comment, I would say, roughly, the number is 65-ish percent, and so we feel pretty good about the momentum behind some of the backlog that has been communicated in some of my comments and George's as well.
Kevin C. Berryman: Hi, Anna, nice to talk to you over the phone. Look, much of our cash is outside of the U.S., but we ultimately have the ability to bring cash in to certainly fund what we expect to be doing as it relates to our share buyback. So we're not feeling incremental pressure as it relates to that. In terms of the leverage factor going forward and where are we comfortable. Certainty right now, at a net debt level that's approaching 0, we're certainly not overlevered by any stretch of the imagination, and we're comfortable that we have the firepower to execute against any acquisitions that may occur, even though we will be thoughtful relative to that and any share buyback work that we're executing against.
Kevin C. Berryman: Certainly, that's part of it. The very strong level of sales, bookings that we had in Q1, kind of the strongest sales level that we had in, I don't know, probably 6, 7 years would be my guess in that quarter. So very, very strong. And so that will ultimately allow us to finish stronger in the year than the beginning of the year. So that's certainly a part of it. And then the other part is what we've already talked about in cancellation of some of the projects and the realignment of resources back against where we're seeing momentum. And that just puts some pressure on the short term. The other dynamic is, we are going to be reducing our cost structure, our fixed cost structure to recognize some of the headwinds, and that will kick in later in the year as opposed to earlier in the year. All of those things add up to the commentary and the kind of directional guidance we've given, and that's basically it.
Kevin C. Berryman: I don't think that ultimately the cost savings were disclosed in the discussion relative to the restructuring, but we have realized our run rate at this particular point in time in Q1. And we expect that run rate to continue through the balance of the year. If you look at our SG&A cost in the quarter, it was really driven by a full quarter SKM in the numbers, and effectively, our restructuring benefits were able to offset all of the other inflationary costs and other dynamics that we have to manage in a $13 billion company.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, I'll reemphasize what we just talked about. Really, the driver to SGA was the full quarter impact of SKM for the first quarter of 2015. As you recall, SKM came into the portfolio of Jacobs right near the end of the first quarter last year. So that really is the driver to the figures. We don't give specific guidance as it relates to the SG&A numbers going forward. But clearly, we're going to be taking steps to ensure that we're disciplined in the management of those costs, again, because we want to make sure that we're going to be able to be successful in any environment which we're going to need to be competing.
George A. Kunberger: Okay, yes. So certainly, the prospect list for the second quarter and third quarter outlook, which is about as far as we can legitimately see it well, is very robust, as robust as it's ever been. I would characterize it that way. That being said, certainly, even in the last couple of weeks, we've seen a couple of prospects that we had out there that have been postponed for a long time. Those have been in the areas where I was talking about where -- just, say, like methanol or some of the projects that could get postponed as a result of the compression of naphtha prices and natural gas prices. But on the other hand, the secondary chemical marketplace around the world is very strong and continue -- new prospects, new opportunities continue to come onto that list. So yes, certainly in the upstream, a little bit in the midstream and then the refining area, a little bit of pull back, but -- and the chemical is more than offsetting it, at least right now. And we'll see what happens after these -- all these companies announce earnings if either they're going to go after that, but that's certainly where we see it right now.
George A. Kunberger: That's correct. And also on the public space, while not all of it, some of the public spaces are long-term 5-year contracts, especially with the federal government. So they have a long burn rate on them. That's more true in the federal space than it is true in the state and local space, where those have the tendency to be more book and burn. So it's a little bit of a balance, but there's some of that long-term stuff in there.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, this is George. Well, so what they say is they want institutional changes that help them improve their overall capital efficiency, but what they ask for is lower pricing. So a little bit of both as the lower pricing is easier -- well, it's not easy to respond to, it's easy for them to ask for it. The institutional changes and how they execute their work and their capital efficiency is really where the answer is. And so they really are, in fairness, looking at both of those things, to be honest with you. The short-term impact, of course, is putting pressure on us to lower our prices, but they're also trying to figure out how to be way more efficient in their overall capital utilization for sure. So a bit of both.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, the national government. Well, I'm having a hard time understanding where you get that data exactly. The national government business for us has been stable. That's for darn sure. And our building sector ties into the national buildings business, definitely been uptick-ing. And I'm getting help here from Andy Kremer who's been responsible for that. Andy, why don't you just go ahead and answer.
George A. Kunberger: Yes. I know, absolutely. So in the process world and balancing the process in, say, public and institutional, it's, I'd say, slightly favored, but only slightly favored in the public sector. And then when you would lump in the -- with the process world, the other sort of related process industries, like pharma, et cetera, it's probably a 50-50 balance right now.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, I think that's a very good question. And that is accurate. I mean, if you go around the horn, I mean what's happening in Canada is very different than what's happening in the Middle East relative to this marketplace, dramatically different, right? And so and then if you go to Southeast United States, which is predominantly a lot of chemical business and Northern Europe, which is chemical, as well as some upgrading of efficiencies within refinery. So yes, it is different geographically in how the clients are responding to it, for sure, for different reasons. I mean, what Saudi Aramco does versus other major oil companies, have different motivations behind their capital expenditures and why they're doing these projects. So yes, it is quite different for sure. And fortunately, we're positioned well in most of those plays.
George A. Kunberger: Well, okay, so I mean, I think the oil sands business, I think we all understand. I mean, oil prices are down. And if you look at the Middle East, the Middle East can pump oil out of the ground much more cost effectively than other places in the world. They have a lot of social infrastructure ambitions that they need to fund and want to fund on behalf of all the citizens in that part of the world, so they'll progress with projects in order to drive those -- that development regardless. And I won't get into other geopolitical considerations, it's beyond my scope of knowledge. But I think you'll understand what I'm talking about there as well, but yes, very different.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, but also just with cheap gas and people driving more. I mean, the dollars per gallon that goes into the federal coffer stays the same, and so there's more money going in. So whether they get a transportation bill passed or not, there's certainly more money going into their coffers which is getting spun back out into these projects around the countryside.
George A. Kunberger: Yes, well, so we've been talking about Tier 3 spending for quite some time, and it hasn't, as you well know, manifested itself fully as we anticipated. That was primarily because of delays in the compliance space that a lot of these refiners were able to take advantage of, as well as being able to trade credits off. So it has been pushed out. We've worked on a lot of those projects in the study phase and some actual projects, but it will just be more stretched out over the next 2 to 3 years. And so the aggregate of the concentrated spend that we once anticipated. But I'd say, it's been offset by the ISA 84 spending for sure, and -- which I think in the long run is actually going to be a greater amount of spend, and we're even better positioned to do that work quite frankly.
Andrew F. Kremer: Yes, I mean, a part of what we're seeing is reflected in the FNS acquisition, George, which has had a significant contribution this quarter.
Andrew F. Kremer: We had -- FNS was a significant contributor. That was a fair-sized acquisition, and it caught [ph] into afterburners this quarter. It's been a terrific result for us.
Andrew F. Kremer: So the -- yes, the answer is yes. We're seeing recovery on the transportation front in a number of areas. One, the improvement in state budgets, as well as a little bit more certainty in the budgeting process in Washington with the midterm elections behind it.
Joseph G. Mandel: We announced a major award in the downstream space. As Noel said, we will go from early engineering, and it'll be towards the middle of next year before we start going to the field and doing a lot of procurement. But when we see these cycles like this and you see our clients starting to cut some jobs and reduce cost, historically, that's been favorable for us. We've picked up market share with this brownfield work and the sustaining capital, and we've been seeing that. We've been really focusing on that, and so you should see a steady book and burn with the exception of some of those major projects that are 3, 3.5 years long.
Joseph G. Mandel: Well, again, we're in the sustaining capital and brownfield, both on refining and chemicals, a large part of our business. The small cap project, it's our sweet spot. And so with the exception of the big CapEx projects, it's pretty consistent as well.
Joseph G. Mandel: As Noel mentioned earlier, some of our skill sets are transferable, and so we are starting to shift some of those resources from the oil patch to our sustaining capital business in downstream. The projects that are underway in the field, they're not canceling those. They may slow down the rate of spend with those construction resources, but they're not getting canceled as much as the projects that are in the study phase or the FEED phase. But long term, it should create some lower pricing, but it's still a tight marketplace. There's a lot of craft shortages out there, and it is escalating. So it's going to be tight for a while.
Joseph G. Mandel: I think probably one of the biggest reasons for the decline year-on-year is we had a very large field service presence and business in the oil sands that's been reduced somewhat with the CapEx reduction. It's somewhat offset with our growing focus of maintenance services, both targeted at turnarounds and brownfield work. But in terms of taking it from FEED to construction, it's pretty much the same ratio we've been experiencing for the last year, 1.5 years. These are large projects, and they take a while to get through the engineering phase and the procurement phase to mobilize the construction. It's probably going to be the same. Although you'll see incremental growth in our maintenance business, we are taking market share. We've announced some, and there's others that we can't announce, but we are growing the number of sites that we're providing maintenance on.
Joseph G. Mandel: I would say that while the oil sand spend, the CapEx is down, there's still a lot of sustaining capital work there. So we have a significant presence. Plus, our focus is to taking more and more sites within the chemicals and refining. This is happening. So it will be the same more or less mix that we've had. It's not going to be a huge shift. We're redeploying those resources.
Andrew J. Wittmann: Just looking at the trajectory of field services revenue over the last few years, we saw it starting to ramp up. And in this quarter, it's down. Looks like it's down organically year-over-year. I guess just from the cycle point of view, you guys made it clear that you don't think the cycle is over, but where are we in the cycle? Are we reentering a period where we're going to stay in long periods of FEED and not make investment decisions that can lead to the field services construction work? Some of your thoughts around that, I think, would be appreciated.
Andrew J. Wittmann: Got you. Okay. One of the questions that was touched upon earlier was some of the federal contracts being longer in duration. I think a few quarters ago the Sellafield one was one of the more notable contracts you guys had booked. At the time, I think the funding level of that contract was not fully funded or it was substantially unfunded. Has the funding for that work been coming through? And are you doing work on that one today? Curious on your thoughts on that one.
Andrew J. Wittmann: Got you. And the second quarter comment that the year-over-year growth might not be very significant. Was that based on the adjusted EPS of $0.82 or was that based on the GAAP EPS of $0.63? I just want to make sure that we're clear on that one.
