Marc N. Casper: Ross, thanks for the question. I guess, a few thoughts. One is, the FEI acquisition is performing very well. The integration is an intensive effort, and the team really has not been distracted, so they're doing a good job of integrating the business, but they're also delivering good growth and good bookings. And that's a testament to the strength of the team and the proven integration processes we have, so that's obviously a positive. As I look towards the end markets just broadly in terms of growth, at a high level, we finished the first half up 4%. Each quarter was 4%. We maintained our guidance at 4% for the year. Obviously, we're going to strive to drive to the best possible performance. If I'd say what are the catalysts from here in terms of stronger momentum as you think about 2018 and beyond, or even second half and beyond, it's going to be, let's get a U.S. government budget in place for 2018. It was good to get the 2017 budget. It was good to see NIH funding increased. We'll continue to educate Congress, but I feel good about that process. So if we can get – skip a continuing resolution, get a budget in place, that would clearly continue some momentum in academic. And then, at least from our own perspective, we don't really wait for the end markets; it's the actions we take. So we have a lot of effort around product development that put us in a position to be in the higher ends of our growth targets. So that's how I would think about it, Ross, at a high level.
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, let me give you a relatively comprehensive view on pharma and biotech. I know it's an area of interest. First is, pharma and biotech is our strongest end market. We performed very well in the quarter. We grew a couple points higher than the company average serving that market. In terms of what drove that growth, first, as I mentioned last quarter, our clinical trials business was impacted by the discontinuation of a large Phase 3 study, and that headwind will sunset in Q4. Bioproduction growth was a bit more muted this quarter, and you've seen that across the industry. The super important point to highlight is that our business is serving the research customers. Biosciences, chromatography and mass spectrometry, and the channel, they all grew incredibly strongly in the quarter. So it was another great quarter for us, and our value proposition continues to resonate very well with the customer base.
Marc N. Casper: Sure, Tycho, thanks for the question. So, when you look at Life Sciences Solutions, we had 7% growth in Q1, 3% growth in Q2, 5% average for the first half. I would focus on the 5% average. And when you look at – Easter played a little bit of an effect with a little bit of a benefit in Q1, obviously a little bit of a headwind in Q2. And when I look at the outlook for the business, it looks good. When you get into the details of why was growth a little bit slower, particularly in Q2, holding aside timing and those things, bioproduction was a little bit more in line with where the industry was growing in this particular quarter, and the biosciences business continues to do very well. So that's really the factors from Life Sciences Solutions.
Marc N. Casper: So when you look at the performance of the Cryo-EM, that continues to go extremely well, with strong growth in revenue and strong growth in bookings. The material science business, which includes basically everything else, semiconductor and all the other applications for electron microscopy, clearly is continuing to be very strong. And you're seeing the benefit of a strong pipeline in semiconductor as well as good performance in material science applications elsewhere. So that business is performing at a very strong level.
Marc N. Casper: From our perspective, our number one priority is to run the businesses that we have and run them very well. And we're excited about our portfolio, and we're looking forward to closing Patheon and successfully integrating that and creating value for our customers and our shareholders. We continue to have an active pipeline of smaller bolt-on transactions, and we'll continue to look at those transactions. And should the right ones make sense, you will continue to see us do a modest level of M&A from that perspective.
Marc N. Casper: Derik, it's a very good question, so let's delve into Specialty Diagnostics a little bit. It was low single-digit growth in the quarter, consistent with what we've seen over the last few quarters. The two businesses that had very strong growth were our biomarker business and our transplant diagnostic business, and every other business in that portfolio was stable and all grew modestly. So if you look at it from a product range perspective, two really strong growing businesses and then the rest of the portfolio stable and modest growth. When you look at geographically, really it was Europe that was not robust. North America is fine. And when you look at the activity, it seems that there are many bright spots in Europe, but it seems that healthcare was relatively modest from that perspective. So I wouldn't be reading too much into the ACA and PAMA and those things. That's not really been a big factor. We are taking a number of actions to strengthen the growth prospects of that business. Obviously, our Specialty Diagnostics business is incredibly profitable. It's been incredibly stable. It has great brand and customer allegiance, and it's all about taking low single-digit growth and making it faster. You probably saw that we introduced but did not launch yet our Cascadion mass spectrometer, and we will also introduce that at AACC [American Association of Clinical Chemistry]. That is intended for being launched sometime during the course of 2018, so it's not going to affect any revenue this year, but we want customers to get it into the budget cycle. So we're making progress but obviously, we were not planning to launch it this year anyway. But we're just working our way through that process, which should help growth over time as well.
Marc N. Casper: The channel was very strong in the U.S. It was very strong in Europe. It was very strong in biotech and pharma, and it was very strong in industrial. There were no weak spots in the channel business. The team is doing a great job. And we take Amazon very seriously and we always have, and it's our job to manage through that. We're making big investments in our e-commerce capabilities, big investments in supply chain, the great personnel we have working in customer labs every day that really handles the hazardous goods or refrigerated materials. And the customer allegiance we have in the channel is fantastic. So that's how I would characterize it.
Marc N. Casper: Doug, thanks for the question. So yes, bioproduction is definitely a lumpy business, and the long-term prospect for bioproduction is fantastic. When you think about the demand for biologics, biosimilars, vaccines in the pipeline, we are very bullish. One of the leading indicators we have is our biosciences business serves the research customer base with those technologies, especially media and sera, and that business is incredibly robust, so the activity level is very strong. So nothing is changing on the long-term outlook. There's some lumpiness. In Q2, while it grew reasonably, it was softer than the very torrid growth that we had the last few quarters, and we would expect that growth will pick up over time there. So that's our view on bioproduction. On the microarray business, really good news, we've always been transparent with everything, and we started out slower after the acquisition of that business. We had good growth in the microarray business. We had good growth in the e-biosciences business. Synergies have been very strong. And when you look at the full-year accretion in 2017, I am really excited that the team has put us right back on track for achieving the deal model goals for 2017 after starting off a little bit soft. This team has done a great job, so very good growth in microarrays in the quarter.
Marc N. Casper: I think Europe – when I look at performance in Europe, Easter is obviously going to be the big swing factor. I just did a review with the team, our European leadership yesterday, and they feel good. So Q1 was strong. Q2 was more modest growth, and then that's really the shift of where the holiday was. And when they look at their outlook for the balance of the year, it's right in line with growth that should be for the full year just below the company average.
Marc N. Casper: So I don't see Europe as a major story. If you go down to the end markets, I would say that the diagnostic business across is a little bit softer than we originally would have expected, and the rest of the segments are a little bit stronger would be the take.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, the Analytical Instruments business, it's a really positive story. And if you think about for a lot of quarters, like many, we've talked about how strong the chrome and mass spec business was and that it was offsetting weakness in chemical analysis. The chrome mass spec business was very strong in the quarter, and it was particularly strong serving the biotech and pharmaceutical customers. So that business is really humming. And chemical analysis returned to growth, which is great. And we saw both our long-cycle and short-cycle revenue to the industrial customer base pick up, and bookings continue to be positive, so that's good.
Marc N. Casper: And then obviously in the fourth quarter, the last week of September and the fourth quarter, the electron microscopy business will become part of the organic growth calculation for those businesses as well. So the Analytical Instruments team is doing a really good job, and the results demonstrate that.
Marc N. Casper: Actually, academic and government, while still low single digit, wasn't weaker. It actually was slightly better than Q1. And, when you look at it, actually North America was a bit better. So I think the fact that you got a 2017 budget, it showed the increase in NIH, that's starting to flow into the results. Geographically, China was good as well, and Europe was a little bit softer, and it's probably mostly timing between Q1 and Q2.
Marc N. Casper: We don't forecast by each of our businesses, especially at that level. But clearly, the trends are positive and I think that's a reasonable assumption you're making.
Marc N. Casper: So we had mid-teens growth in China. We had strong bookings. The outlook is good for the full year, that's been trends continued. Clearly, our customers value our scale and the experience that we create because of that scale. In terms of more color, I would say generally, the business across pharma and biotech, life science research, those typically is pretty strong. Industrial is recovering and growing. Applied is very strong there, as is healthcare and diagnostics. So it's fairly broad-based, right, in terms of what the growth is in China.
Marc N. Casper: As you know, it's our fastest growing market. It has been and it's a market we think the outlook is very strong.
Marc N. Casper: I think that, from my interactions with customers around Cryo-EM, and there's been a number – wow, what an amazing technology. The enthusiasm across the customer base is huge, and it's making them rethink other large investment areas that might have traditionally gotten that funding. So, I have not heard funding. In all of the discussions, funding has not come up as an issue, meaning that this is profound enough that customers will go out and get the money. And in those areas where there's lots and lots of funding, that's one way. And if there are other areas where funding is more muted, they're probably taking it from other technologies, and likely from technologies that we don't provide, so we're not cannibalizing ourselves.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, Paul, when you look at the FEI business, the growth was very, very robust in the life science applications, in the semiconductor applications, and we had good growth in the remaining material science applications. So the business would have delivered strong growth even if semiconductor was more muted, but semiconductor was very strong and bookings were very strong. So that's very positive in terms of how the business is performing.
Marc N. Casper: It's been very good now for quite a number of quarters. Since the beginning of 2015, we've had very strong growth every quarter in China, and the outlook continues to be quite good. We're very aligned with the five-year plan. As you know, China has a big focus on environmental protection, a big focus on food safety, and certainly around expanding the healthcare market, as well their healthcare capabilities. So we're seeing broad-based growth, and we would expect China to continue to be our fastest growing end market.
Marc N. Casper: So I'll do part of it and Stephen will do part of it. I'll do the path to close, and Stephen will do the two financial questions. In terms of the path to close, we obviously got our U.S. clearance quickly. The European Union accepted the filing, which means that they start the regulatory process, which will go on during the course of the summer. And then the last of the regulatory filings, which has a more variable range on when it will wrap up, is Brazil, which we're working through. And then we need to have the shareholder vote and the tender process, which we're working through as well. So we feel very confident that the transaction will close before the end of the year or by the end of the year, and we're just working to work that through as expeditiously as possible.
Marc N. Casper: I was with members of Congress fairly recently. I think the strong support for continued funding of NIH and continued growth in funding, and we'll continue to educate the importance of that. Things like the 21st Century Cures is obviously a positive. To us, what we're focused on is to avoid the continuing resolution, which obviously creates some level of uncertainty and freezes budgets. The House is talking I think a $1 billion increase, and I think the Senate might be talking a little bit more. The exact number to me is less of a focus than an increase in funding and getting a budget done.
Marc N. Casper: So let me just wrap it up briefly. As we reflect on where we are, we're very pleased to have achieved a strong first half, and we're very well-positioned to deliver another great year. And of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you on the Q3 call. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so the last few years, we've started out our guidance for biopharma end market being mid-single to high single-digit growth, and that continues to be our outlook for this year, so no change. And when you look at the first half, we're right in the middle of that range at this point.
Stephen Williamson: And, Jack, this is Stephen. Just to add on the chemical analysis side, we've been seeing that trend for a while in terms of the bookings coming. And it's good to see that both the short-cycle and long-cycle aspect of that business picking up and delivered positive organic growth in Q2.
Stephen Williamson: It's really the drivers are the clinical trials business, the biopharma services, the same drivers as last quarter in terms of the pressure there, and that will sunset by Q4.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, marginally yes. It's not as if we'll see significant margin expansion over time. But yes, that's correct.
Stephen Williamson: Let me just clarify. The $0.065 includes the FX piece, so it's operational performance in Q2 plus the change in FX for the year, and my guidance is $0.02. That gets you the $0.065 increase, and that's offset by $0.05 dilution from the interest cost on the European bond offering.
Stephen Williamson: So in terms of the R&D, the driver of the change as a percentage really is the inclusion of FEI. It has a higher than average across the company spend in R&D. We're continuing to invest in that business, so that dynamic will play out in Q3, and then it will be in the comps in Q4 overall. Actually, among Q3 for FEI, just as a reminder, that we have the stub period, which was a very profitable stub period in Q3 last year, and that will be it in our comps in terms of margin expansion as you look at the second half of the year for the company as a whole, so it has a little bit of a drag on Q3 margins.
Stephen Williamson: And in terms of the financing, obviously we're working to ensure that we've got the permanent financing in place for the timing of the deal close, whenever that may happen. You saw the first part of that being executed last week, which was the European bond offering that we did, so that was $3 billion of a debt raise, so that's just the first element. We've got additional debt to raise and we've got an equity element as well. And we continue to work the rest of those elements, and those details will be public as we execute those. In terms of the guidance, so we actually completed the European bond offering, so it's a known event. So I included it in the guidance for the full year. So that's a consistent approach in the way that we have approached pending acquisitions in the past. So we're treating Patheon and its related financing in that consistent way. So as things will crystallize, I put them into the guidance.
Stephen Williamson: Really, I think in terms of the of the full-year outlook, it hasn't changed in terms of our initial guide. So I think Life Sciences Solutions and Analytical Instruments would be the faster-growing businesses out of the four. So that's really the way to think about the speed of growth for the respective businesses for the full year.
