Marc Casper: Sure. John, as you look at the end markets, let me start with Industrial, and that's clearly a great story. We're seeing the benefit of the gradually improving market throughout the year, and we saw very strong growth in the quarter and for the full year. Organic growth in industrial is well above the company average. For us, we're seeing increased demand for more QA/QC products broadly, particularly benefiting from nice new product launches that we've had in molecular spectroscopy and portable instrumentation to meet the needs of our customers in the industrial applications. Healthcare, which is where you're going to have the most noise in the numbers. If you normalize that for flu and Biosite, growth was in line with the company average, and we continue to do well with our healthcare customers. We're very pleased with how our Clinical Diagnostics business is performing. We're very excited about the performance of B.R.A.H.M.S., which we closed in October of 2009. That business' outlook is very bright and it clearly is -- it was a very good acquisition for us. Obviously, the comps are going to get easier for us in 2011 in Healthcare as we don't have the H1N1 comparison and Biosite will go away in the second half. Academic and Government, pretty consistent throughout the year. We had some very good wins in lab equipment, as our customers are taking advantage of the very broad range of capabilities we have there, so we've done some equipping out of large, new laboratories at major universities. That's been really positive. Probably the only thing I would mention as a reminder is that in the Academic and Government segment, in Q1 of 2010, we had a $50 million set of orders from Japan, in terms of stimulus funds, which will make that a tough comparison. But other than that, we see Academic and Government being pretty stable and consistent. In terms of Biopharma, that was similar throughout the year. Our bioprocess production products continue to do very well, as we're seeing a meaningful transition from a kind of stainless steel manufacturing to a sterile manufacturing environment. That's good for our Media and Disposable Plastics business in particular.
Marc Casper: The specific list is out on our website on our reconciliation package, but yes, the 0.75% is the past acquisitions and divestitures.
Marc Casper: Ross, we're in a good rhythm with the operating margin expansion. If you look at it this year, we increased margins by 80 basis points and still allowed us to significantly increase R&D and Asian expansion. You look at next year's guidance range, were at 50 to 80 basis points of margin expansion again and we feel good about the momentum we have there.
Marc Casper: We don't think too much about these gymnastics, Dan. But we're trying to make this as clear as possible. If you look at 2010, and you just take out flu and Biosite, which is noise in the system, we grew 6%, in terms of organic growth. When you look at 2011, the midpoint of our guidance when you take out the headwind is 5%, so there's a 1 point Delta. What's the 1 point Delta? It's just comparisons, right? If you look at it, the 6% was versus a negative 3%, which was the 2009 numbers. The 5% growth is versus really the positive momentum we had in 2010. So it's a much harder comparison. We're effectively saying that we're going to grow at the same rate. So we're actually getting increasingly bullish in terms of what the end markets look like and what the world holds.
Marc Casper: When you look at the implementation guidelines that are in effect, it's typically about an 18-month window that food producers have to be getting in compliance. So that means that you'll likely see some benefit late this year and into 2012 in terms of timeframe for when would you would expect to see an incremental opportunity from food safety beyond the strong momentum that exist in those markets today.
Marc Casper: In terms of North America, obviously the business grew during the course of the year and we're seeing the benefits of a recovering economy. In a particular quarter, you're going to have flu and Biosite are North American, that's [indiscernible] 100% where that happened, so the comparison makes North America have the headwind, but that's not anything I'd read into. North America is doing fine.
Marc Casper: Only in the sense of the weather is better in Florida where the conference is than it is in the Northeast. But no, to really answer the question, I'm very comfortable with our portfolio. Clearly, gene sequencing, there's a lot of activity going on, but it's a pretty crowded field and it's one that we benefit by being a supplier to most of those companies. We supply reagents, we supply technology and we're happy with our position.
Marc Casper: Yes. I mean, we get a little bit of a benefit from the expansion of sequencing, from the way we participate in that market.
Marc Casper: Yes, I mean, obviously, when a customer segment is going to change, one could view it as negative or positive, for us it's positive. We are so much larger than anybody else with these customers. We have better access. We have more capabilities. Our adoptive capabilities here is incredible. So we help our customers meet those challenges. And as companies are going through those changes, we're working with them to meet their goals. And we have a number of examples where we have active dialogue about helping them meet meaningful productivity goals. And for us, we're very well-equipped to help them do that, and that's a share gain opportunity for us that we're focused on capitalizing on.
Marc Casper: In terms of a theme and Lancaster, we really don't comment on speculation in the press. So I'm going to leave that one aside. And that's just consistent with all of our policies on speculation. In terms of more divestitures and how we think about it, we periodically review the portfolio to make sure that we have the best portfolio and that we're creating shareholder value by owning the various things that we own. And every once and while, we'll sell something that's small where we think it's better owned by somebody else. But we have a good managing process with our good businesses.
Marc Casper: So in terms of the capital deployment strategy, it's going to continue to be a blend of return of capital through buybacks as well as acquisitions, provided they meet our criteria, which has strengthened the strategic position of the company, enhancing our offering from a customer perspective and clearly, creating shareholder value so that we have ROIC's well above our cost of capital, in that metric. Dionex, as I've mentioned in the past, really just is part of one division within one of our groups. So from a management bandwidth perspective, we have plenty of bandwidth if the right acquisitions were available that met our criteria. So if we see one that we feel good about, it will do them. And if there's one that if we don't see a pipeline at that point in the year, we won't. And obviously 2010 was a really good year in terms of M&A. There's lots of good activity and we'll continue to look for the right opportunities.
Marc Casper: So pricing in the fourth quarter was pretty similar to the third quarter: Consumable, stronger; instruments, a little bit more competitive. For the full year, for the company, we had just under 1% price. For 2011, were looking and anticipating very similar market conditions to 2010.
Marc Casper: When you look at where we're focused, we've been building out our Asian presence pretty dramatically, and that's China, India. China is our biggest priority, then India. A number of the other Asian countries, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia are three examples where we've been building our presence. In terms of outside of that, probably Brazil is the only other one that's significant in terms of opportunity. The economy's obviously very strong. There's a big focus on alternative energy sources. When you're doing alternative energy production, typically, you're a large consumer of instrumentation, which is good for us. So there's not a long list of other countries you'll see us talking about in terms of emerging markets, but I think Brazil, at this point, merits inclusion with that group.
Marc Casper: So when you look at the healthcare customers, which is primarily our Clinical Diagnostics business. Once you normalize for flu and the Biosite transition, we see that as a mid-single digit growing business. We didn't see any significant effect from patient volume on the downside. So if that happened for other companies, I don't think it's going to be a big factor one way or another for us in 2011. We're looking at pretty stable trends in our healthcare customer base.
Marc Casper: When we look at our detailed plan for China, we feel good about the outlook for 2011. So obviously, you get some big orders in different parts of the business, but there's a good pipeline of other big orders going forward. So I feel like it will be okay in terms of our outlook there.
Marc Casper: First, on inflation, we're not seeing a big impact in our ability to offset any inflationary pressures. Our track record is good here, so we feel comfortable with the inflationary environment from a cost management perspective. From a snowstorm perspective, that's obviously not a positive. At this point, we're nothing seeing it being significant. It's obviously been an unusual first four weeks of the year if you leave in the Northeast, as certainly kids are spending a lot of time at home. That hasn't helped, but it's very early in the quarter. So I'm not worried about it at this point.
Marc Casper: It's just the timing. You can't wait until the last second to close. You have to have the money in advance. So you're going to be out in front of it a little bit, Derik.
Marc Casper: So really if you think about where we benefit from their presence is they have a very strong presence in environmental labs, right? So effectively, every environmental lab is going to have outlying chromatograph. And 30% of environmental labs are going to have a Thermo Scientific ICP. So there's 65% of those labs -- and by the way, every environmental lab has an ICP. So there's just some natural -- you've got a new customers set that you're going to be able to call on and over time, show our exquisite technology to those customers. That's a very obvious example. On the flip side, we're down. It's just going to benefit us, obviously, we have a huge penetration into all of the HPLC customers. They have great technology in HPLC and we'll be able to leverage that presence to help expand our HPLC business.
Marc Casper: So, NIH seems to be relatively protected. We're not obviously expecting a robust funding environment, but not big changes in '11 versus '10, that's how we're seeing it.
Marc Casper: In terms of product launches. I mean, we're very excited about the ASMS Conference in the middle of the year for mass spectrometry. We expect it to be another great year for us. We're always launching new products all the time, so across the broad product portfolio, you're not going to go a month without something exciting. But I think ASMS will be a really great year for us, in terms of product launches. So let me just make a quick closing comment. First, thanks for joining us. 2010 was a great year, financially and operationally, and our performance positions us well to achieve our goals for 2011. Our industry leadership, coupled with our unique combination of growth investments, operational excellence and a strong balance sheet gives us many opportunities for creating shareholder value. Thanks again for joining us today and I look forward to updating you on our progress in subsequent calls.
Peter Wilver: Well, the biggest variability really comes from the top line. The productivity initiatives that we drive, that is something that we're doing no matter what's going on in the economy. So we're driving that and that generates around 2% or 200 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year, and that offsets the inflation that we see in the investments that we're making. And then the rest really comes down to pull through on organic growth. Certainly, if we saw differences in the top line, the investments are, at some level, discretionary, obviously, so we could manage that. But primarily, the productivity is offsetting inflation in investments.
Peter Wilver: Ross, we haven't really changed our view on the financing. We said we would fund it with debt and the interest cost would be something in the range of 3% to 3.5%. Those assumptions are still consistent. We, most likely, will prefund the acquisition just to make sure that we lock into the current favorable rates.
Peter Wilver: What that means is, we have, over the last four years, consistently grown with our large accounts, faster than the company average. We've learned a lot about how to do standardization programs, how to utilize our very deep set of capabilities. We're going to be using those capabilities for a broader set of customers going forward. We've experimented with a number of things over the years. And as I talk about performance in 2011, I'll be talking more broadly, not just about top customers, but how we're doing in the marketplaces and gaining market share.
Peter Wilver: In terms of gross margin, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, I gave 50 to 80 basis points as the margin expansion for EBITDA. So the midpoint is around 65 or so basis points. The way that splits out is about 100 basis points of gross margin expansion, so comparable to what we did in 2010, and then probably about 20 basis points of dilution in SG&A. Again, I mentioned the run rate of the expenditures that we put in place in 2010 and about 15 basis points in R&D. So that's how it splits out to the three categories. The key drivers in gross margin expansion, as I mentioned, are really PPI, PPI Lean, low-cost region manufacturing, global sourcing, low-cost region sourcing and restructuring, all the things that we normally do to drive our productivity. So a lot of those benefits fall into the gross margin category.
Peter Wilver: I would say the second half would be in the higher end of the mid-single digits to the lower end of high-single digits.
Peter Wilver: Flu was about negative $20 million and Biosite about negative $35 million when you offset it against the alternative supplier.
Peter Wilver: Yes, it's still a little bit additional decline above the $50 million of Japan. The reason we're calling out Japan is because it's $50 million in one quarter, so it's a pretty significant impact. Overall, stimulus is down more than the $50 million, but we are assuming that we'll make that up with other orders.
Peter Wilver: The outlook for gross margins was about 100 basis points of margin expansion and there's not really any one-time effects in Q4 in gross margin.
