Marc N. Casper: So, Jon, U.S. was slightly stronger than the first quarter, but not materially so. So U.S. is hanging in there with low-single digit organic growth.
Marc N. Casper: As we look at the second half, basically, when we started the year, we looked at organic growth being around 3% for the full year. We have -- staying with that guidance, so we had 4% first half organic growth, so that implies a 2% organic growth in the second half, and that basically implies a little bit of a slow down. But that's more likely to be in the U.S. and Western Europe than it is really in Asia-Pacific. So it's probably slightly slow in the second half, but we don't really forecast by geography. We typically forecast by our businesses.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, the way that we think about it is we're always looking at our cost base, right? And that last year, we specifically put in $100 million program that we've been executing against. But in addition to that, we've been looking at selective cost actions, and those programs are not -- those actions that makes sense and have the right result for the mid- and long-term health of the business. We're taking those actions as we go. So it's probably incremental to it, but it's not under the banner of some incremental programs. It is more good management of the business.
Marc N. Casper: So Ross, thanks for the question. Welcome back to the conference call. A couple of things. Actually, if you look at the results, and we do actually look at all of those reports, and we do read all of the competitor reports pretty much realtime. Actually, this quarter is actually very consistent to the last 2 quarters. So 3 quarters in a row, our organic growth has been very strong relative to the peer set. So I actually think you're seeing a nice consistent trend of us delivering very strong organic growth, 5% in Q4, 4% in Q1, 4% in Q2 and relative to the share gain initiatives we had. But I'd say where do I feel -- I think the teams are executing extraordinarily well. They're very focused on -- we have great products and are very focused on serving our customer needs. Our value proposition is incredibly relevant in today's environment, right? Our customers are living in a tougher world. They need productivity. They understand our scale. They understand our depth of capabilities. We've been at this for 5 years in terms of -- since the merger in building those capabilities and you're seeing us harvesting those hard work, and it's showing up in our organic growth results. So it's less about a particular geography or a particular product, it's really about a value proposition that resonates in today's environment. We feel great about it.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Ross, in terms of guidance, the world isn't playing out, at least, the first half as we expected and articulated in February, right, when we set out our original guidance. So we expected Europe to get weaker as the year went on. We expected sequestration would not get resolved during this year. We factored those things into our guidance. So when you think about us sitting with good execution at the first half, and the world playing out as we laid out back at the beginning of the year, we don't see a big change in those expectations. When you look at the various actions that we've taken, we've kept the organic growth guidance the same, and which means that we are -- we have a couple of points deceleration in the second half, which is a cushion if you will, right, versus the way we've been trending. But we think that's realistic, given the market outlook. And when you look at the fact that we're doing an incremental buyback, you look at the fact that we closed a nice acquisition in Doe & Ingalls, those things are net positives even offsetting the headwinds from FX. So the $0.02 increase to the midpoint is, we think, a good reflection. And we always focus on the midpoint of our guidance, so we feel like the low end protects for a much more challenging world if it unfolds.
Marc N. Casper: No, we looked at that. And when we do our guidance, we factor in through the first 2 weeks of the quarter that we're living in as well. So we feel that the guidance that we've given is reflecting those trends. We didn't see big changes in June or anything that would lead us to believe of a very different trend and a change in trend or trajectory. So fairly consistent throughout the quarter.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. When I look at lab products and services, we saw another good quarter in our Biopharma Services. The clinical trials outsourcing business is doing well. Our channel business is also performing well. So we like the trajectory that we're on in our lab products and services segment.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, when you look at organic growth, we would have had as a company about 3.5% organic growth if lab workstations was in the numbers. And we had 4% organic growth with lab workstations out of the numbers. And we would have had $0.02 lower adjusted EPS if lab workstations was in the number versus what we did, as Pete highlighted. So the decision on lab workstation had nothing to do with any of that stuff. It was more a decision that we made as a management team that we really want the best owners for this business and decided that we were going to sell it to a business that could really help it thrive and grow for the future.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So academic and government really didn't change very much, didn't really change at all in Q2. Consumables, broadly did fine, which means it's logical, right? Customers, they're working, right, so they're doing research, so therefore, they're consuming plastics, reagents and so forth. Instrumentation really was more aligned with how differentiated the technologies were. So in particular, our mass spec business had a very nice quarter. But things like lab, equipment and more routine instrumentation would be -- would really be a little bit softer and more constrained.
Marc N. Casper: No, within Analytical Technologies, we have our BioProcess Production business, which had another terrific quarter. That was there, I would say, on the instrument side of the business, so it was kind of an okay quarter in terms of Biopharma. It was up, but it was not probably as strong as some other quarters.
Marc N. Casper: I didn't really see any particular regional explanation. I think, generally, Europe was pretty soft.
Marc N. Casper: I think when we get to -- we'll do that really in the February guidance. I mean, at a high level, our capital deployment strategy hasn't changed, which is a portion of our capital is going to get returned to our shareholders. A portion is going to be used for M&A that meets our strict criteria and in any given year may vary based on the environment. We're comfortable with our leverage ratios hovering between 2.5 and 3 at year-end. They should be relatively close to 2.5, so I don't -- I wouldn't assume major changes in the capital deployment strategy for '13, but we'll figure that out and communicate it crystal-clear in February.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of the divestiture process, it's ongoing. In terms of the gains and losses, I don't want to speculate on that because I want to wait til we actually have the buyer negotiate, and I don't want to handicap or really comment on the valuation. But I think the write-down is a reflection of what we think was an appropriate accounting at the point of time of the decision to divest it.
Marc N. Casper: Doug, so we're not contemplating any material divestiture. So if you want to define material, anything nearly as large as lab workstations. So we always do tiny little things and we'll continue to do that. But we like the portfolio. Our strategy is clearly working when you look at the organic growth that we're delivering over the last few quarters. That's because the package of businesses we have today fit together, work together and are valued by the customers. So I wouldn't expect really much more on the divestiture front. And if you think about it, you go back over the last 5 years, the ones we've divested are very logical and they've been telegraphed, if you will. We've never liked competing with our customers, so we sold our 2 testing labs, which is Athena Lancaster. And lab workstations has been a business that is a very heavy manufacturing business. It's very different than what we do. And when we look at the long-term fit, we think there are companies that have a better ownership with it than we would.
Marc N. Casper: That's a good comment, not much more to add, Doug. I like the feedback. I would say it's an area that we're focused on, and I think we're doing a better and better job of representing our solutions-based capabilities for our customers. And I still think we have a lot of work to do and a lot of opportunity ahead. So it's still young, if you will, but we've been working at it and our customers understand the value of it. I actually think when customers are more constrained and customers are trying to make sure they're successful, the broader your capabilities and the deeper your applications are, the better off you're going to be, and I think that's really paying off for us.
Marc N. Casper: So there's no pure -- each company is a little bit different. So when we look at our mix of analytical technology, it's different than the other companies. I do think we have a good share gain in mass spec. I think our biosciences business is doing well and generally I view that the performance is strong. Pricing has -- was up slightly in the quarter, but it wasn't a big change from what we've seen. So I don't think price is a big factor one way or the other in the performance.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so Tycho, let me give a more holistic update on both acquisitions that we are almost at the one year anniversary. I think it's a good question. It hasn't been asked. So when you think about Dionex, when you think about Phadia, let's look at it in the 3 criteria that we look at which is how is the integration going, how's the business performing short term or what's the long-term prospects. Integration for both businesses has gone extraordinarily well. It's Thermo Fisher, I mean, at this point, both of them. They're very well integrated. The culture is very harmonious, and it's very positive. Synergies are ahead of plan when you look at accretion, which is now the reflection of the full package or performance. In 2012, accretion is going to be better for both of those acquisitions than the acquisition model. Phadia, in particular, will be very meaningfully more accretive than we articulated back on the $0.30 that we had talked about. When you look at the short-term performance of the business, both businesses actually have more European exposure than the company average. So both of them actually are growing slightly less than the company average in terms of organic growth. But if I look at the longer-term prospects for both businesses, we're very, very bullish on what both bring to our company and feel good about it. So generally feel good, but European exposure hasn't been particularly helpful.
Marc N. Casper: We have a terrific team of employees in that business, and they work very hard to make it the very best business that it can, and we gave them significant resources to try to make the most of it. And when we look at it today, we just think there are companies that it's more core to their activities than ours and we decided that that's right thing, so it's a decision. It's a tough business but at the same point, we think it has good prospects, and we think the right owner will bring it to its full potential.
Marc N. Casper: So when you look at the comps, industrial gets harder both in Q3 and Q4 and obviously in academic, the comparison is easier. When we laid out our guidance, we obviously don't do quarterly guidance. When we laid out our guidance, we assumed that academic and government would be down low-single digits for the year. It's down low-single digits in the first half, and that sort of implies that it's going to be still down off of an easy comp. I mean, that would be what the math would imply, although, we're not -- we don't really sit down and say what's Q3 exactly going to be versus Q4 but hopefully, that helps you think about modeling.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, I think, Derek, you know us well enough and following this stuff which is it's not going -- it's not big enough to make a material change, but it was the right decision to sell it, so we're selling it. But we're not sitting here and trying to change the gross rate by 0.10 point one way or another. It's just -- in the scheme of things, it doesn't make a difference.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so let's focus on China. China was very strong in excess of 20% of growth organically again. When you look at it, we had very good performance widely across the business, and I think a nice example is we talked about the 5-year plan and the focus on healthcare, the focus on environment, so it's not a surprise that our Specialty Diagnostics business is doing very well and growing rapidly in China, in particular, because basically there's a big healthcare availability opportunity in China, where they're trying to create more capacity, if you will, to serve the population. The other area that's doing incredibly well in China is our environmental business. There is regulations called PM2.5, which is basically breathing in particulates in your lungs, and the government has actually decided to accelerate on implementation of those regulations, and we're capturing about 70% share of all of the air monitors that are being used for that particular application. So it's really -- it's not taking share from the New York Stock Exchange listed competitors, taking share from companies that might be local or really, we don't think as much about. So the business is performing very well, and we continue to be optimistic about our outlook in China in particular.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, I think the investment focus is straightforward. We're going to continue to support our R&D efforts, and we're going to continue to expand in emerging markets. Those are clear. We'll also make commercial investments around the applications marketing as Doug asked earlier, some things on the website, things that continue to strengthen the company. We will manage our costs tightly on all other areas, right? So we're being prudent and frugal on those other things, so making sure that we're as efficient as we can and looking for opportunities to streamline our cost base.
Marc N. Casper: Nothing that really jumped out from our material perspective one way or the other. We continue to have good momentum in our applied markets.
Marc N. Casper: In pharma, again, we don't cut the business that way. I would say that probably the takeaway message on pricing in Q2 was pretty similar to what we saw in Q1 in aggregate and not really any major changes that we observed. So we pay a lot of attention to it. Obviously, we have a very high focus on pricing. We generally do a good job with it, so -- but we're not seeing anything, Isaac, that on the upside or downside that's material.
Marc N. Casper: No, when we look at China, we've been consistently growing north of 20%. And really, there wasn't major swings one way or the other within the business. So we feel good about the overall performance in China, and actually feel good about the outlook as well. So Isaac, thank you. Let me just wrap up the call and add a few quick closing thoughts. One is that I think our team's executed very well to deliver a strong first half. Their focus on new products, emerging markets and strategic acquisitions is clearly driving growth. We continue to manage our costs tightly in line with the economic environment, and we're confident that we'll deliver on our growth goals for the year. Thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you on our Q3 call. Thank you, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, we added about $15 million of interest and that's to prefund the acquisition, as well as to fund the share buyback.
Peter M. Wilver: So in terms of our quarterly phasing, just seasonally, Q3 is always a relatively weak quarter just because of the vacations in Europe and really around the world, I guess, and Q4 is always our strongest quarter in terms of the year-end push on instrumentation, so probably slightly stronger in Q4. But all that depends a little bit on what happens with sequestration.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so in terms of gross margins, certainly, the acquisitions benefited gross margins. That obviously is going to decrease in terms of the impact throughout the year as we anniversary those in Q2 -- or excuse me, Q3 Dionex will be fully out. And then Q4, both of them will be fully out. But the gross margin improvement is kind of on the core business is really coming from the areas that we continually drive productivity and which is sourcing our PPI business system and restructuring. And the benefit there, it's probably about 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 between those 3 in terms of improvement on the core business.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, I think in Laboratory Products and Services, it's lower than average, and we have the channel business there, which we don't have as much value-added cost that we can actually impact in terms of margin expansion. So there's a lot more direct material costs in that segment. So that segment, over time, will in general have lower-margin expansion than the average for the company just as a result of that.
Peter M. Wilver: So we obviously put whether the $100 million restructuring plan last year, and we've been executing against that throughout the year. We're always doing some level of restructuring actions in addition to that. As Marc said, it's not kind of at the program level, it's more the one-offs, so I wouldn't necessarily read anything into that other than just normal actions that we do throughout the year.
Peter M. Wilver: The results in 2011 were relatively weak, but the numbers are so small that the accretion dilution on both organic growth and the margins is pretty minimal. For this year, it didn't really even affect our guidance taking the numbers out, so it wasn't so materially off of the averages that it was making a big impact.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, in terms of pricing in diagnostics, I mean, that's not an area where we generally get a lot of price. So that's consistent with the past. It's basically flat overall. I don't have a lot of data by market segment in relation to the price, but in overall, it's about flat.
