Marc N. Casper: Ross, good morning, thanks for the question. You know, when I look at the lens from an end market, I'd say pharma and biotech continues to be a huge strength for the company. As you know, we have a very strong competitive position because of our scale and our unique depth of capabilities. We have great relations with all of our pharma and biotech customers, and that's positioned us to do well. That end market was stronger than our expectations in the quarter also, so we were able to deliver very positive growth there. So that's an end market look. If you take another lens on the same question, which is more of a product look or a business segment look, it's an area we pay a lot of attention to. Very strong start to the year. And all my comments on this is really normalizing for the days as well so that you're getting a kind of apples-to-apples look. You know, our Lab Products business and our channel business, very strong performance. Certainly our bioproduction business not only benefits from a really good end market, but the business is performing extraordinarily well. So that clearly has been above-market growth. Our chromatography and mass spec business, that combined business, had a very strong start to the year as well. So those would be some examples where you take a product lens looking at that and say, how are we doing? That's a nice cut on products, and by the end markets, pharma, biotech, and finally China. Geographically, we're growing very, very strong, continuing the strength there.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, when I think about the high-level comments there, China has been, for a number of years, our strongest growing market for the company of any significant market, and we continue to be very positive on the outlook for not only the short term, but for the mid- and long-term as well. India is performing well. Reasonable performance in Southeast Asia and Korea. Obviously, real pockets of weakness in Brazil and Russia, and those are very small markets for us. In aggregate, together, I think the two of them represent about 1% of our revenue, so it's not material. So it's always a portfolio. The good news is that the big ones are doing well and the ones that are very small have weakness. And you take a long-term view, those markets too will turn better, but certainly not a 2016 factor. Thank you, Ross.
Marc N. Casper: Jack, thanks for the question and good morning. In terms of Lab Products and Services business, you look back over the last number of quarters, we've delivered very strong growth. And that's been a blend of first, our biopharma services business, or our clinical trials and outsourcing business, where we don't really have much in the way of external competition. You have – the customer choice is primarily do you do it in house or do you outsource to us. And that business has performed very well for a long period of time, and that trend continued again in the first quarter. The channel business also has been doing well, really benefiting from strong demand in the biotech and pharmaceutical customer base. So that business has been a strong performer, and our self-manufacturing business within that segment, Lab Products, also did very well, where we're the largest provider of lab consumables and lap equipment in the world. That also is benefiting from strong biotech and pharmaceutical end markets.
Marc N. Casper: Jack, in terms of academic and government, what we're seeing there has been consistent with the last few quarters. Adjusted for – normalizing for days, it would be low single-digit growth. If you don't normalize for days, it would just be under the company average. We continue to be encouraged by the more favorable environment in the U.S., right? So U.S. improved in Q1, so you're starting to see the release of NIH funds, and that should continue in Q2 and Q3. So that's really been a positive, and it should be a reasonable end market from our perspective.
Marc N. Casper: Sure, so in terms of the growth rates, you had strong double-digit growth in China, and when you adjust that for the days, it's going to be in the teens. When you look at Europe, it grew pretty much in line with the company average in terms of growth. So it was a good, good, solid quarter in Europe as well.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, Tycho, thank you for the question. In terms of the end market, we had our easiest comparison in the first quarter. So we had a very strong start, better than we expected. As you look at the outlook for the rest of the year, we expect that the growth will continue to still be very strong, but a little bit less robust rate than what we saw in the first quarter, in terms of the biopharma end market. But it'll be our fastest-growing market for the year; that's our expectation. In terms of strategic M&A, we have a really good M&A pipeline. Bolt-ons primarily, but we consider many different transactions, and if the right ones line up, you'll see us be active. So that's kind of the normal course for us. We're always thinking about and taking actions to strengthen the company's competitive position.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, Jon, we're really excited to have the business as part of Thermo Fisher and have welcomed our new colleagues. And they're not only running the business well but actively looking at how do you maximize the impact with our customer base and the competitive position? I'd break it into two different themes. One is a product theme, and one is a geographic theme. The geographic theme is quite easy, right? Where we'll be looking for upside is really the commercial reach around the world. Thermo Fisher has incredible reach, and Affymetrix was a much narrower company, so that will help over time, focusing on accelerating growth and capturing revenue synergies. And over time, we'll obviously drive to the upside to the most extent possible. From a product fit, the reason the acquisition is so compelling is really the way you framed it. Which is, it was a whole company, but really it is two great product lines that fit so incredibly tightly with our Life Science Solutions business, and we're able to combine our flow cytometry and antibody businesses and the biosciences business, which gives us a much stronger competitive position. And we're able to add the micro-array technologies to our large genetic sciences business, which really puts us in a very unique position, because we will be truly technology agnostic for solving customers' problems, because we will be the only company that has next-gen sequencing, Sanger sequencing, microarrays, and qPCR with leading positions across that array of technology. So that a customer will say, here's the challenge I have, and we will give them the optimal work flow. And these are very complementary fits. So with good execution we'll obviously focus on delivering what we committed to, and then always looking for the upside. So – from an accretion perspective, as we announced when we announced the deal in January, we see the $0.10 in the first full year, which translates to basically $0.06 this year, $0.04 in Q1 of 2017. But, as you know, as time unfolds we'll be looking for opportunities to drive to the upside. That's probably more of a 2017 benefit than a 2016 benefit.
Marc N. Casper: The specifics doesn't matter as much, but the next-gen sequencing business is approximately a couple percent of revenue. And the chromatography business, kind of order of magnitude, just shy of $1 billion, it's a little under that. So NGS is a small business growing rapidly. Chromatography is a pretty-good sized business growing rapidly. And that really, to me, I like the chromatography business, because what you saw was Thermo Fisher, years ago, having a strong niche position, Dionex having a strong niche position. The combination is a very strong business, and the two businesses together are growing faster than what the individual businesses were growing as standalones. So that's the kinds of capabilities that Thermo Fisher Scientific brings when we combine businesses because of the very strong advantages we have from scale and depth of capabilities.
Marc N. Casper: So, in terms of Specialty Diagnostics, we are investing very significantly in areas that will create a brighter future for the growth rates in that business, right? And they don't have a big short-term impact. Very large programs in the next-gen sequencing area. Very large programs in mass spectrometry. Obviously they're driving some level of growth, but they really are positioning for the long term, right? So that's one thing, which is why, when we take a long-term perspective on the business, we're very, very bullish and optimistic about the long-term growth prospects there. In terms of the performance of the business in the quarter, a better quarter strength across really all of the businesses within the portfolio. The seasonal businesses really were no effect one way or the other, so there was no special causes. And we didn't have to talk about OEM contract and all that other stuff that was – again, had a lot of talk, but in the scheme of things wasn't that material. So it was a reasonable quarter, and really we're taking the actions to make sure that in the long term that business is a good, fast-growing business for us.
Marc N. Casper: Doug, that's a great question. So one of the things in the metric, which is kind of fun, which is we use a very short window on momentum. So the metric was down slightly year over year, and that's primarily because the Orbitrap, one of the Orbitrap derivatives that had unbelievable success, which still has that same great momentum, came off the two-year anniversary, so they don't consider it a new product, right? So you have the ebbs and flows on the metric. When I look at the dollars of products that we're deriving from – dollars of revenue – that number's been pretty solid for the company. The actions we're taking to create an even brighter future from innovation, we have a great Chief Scientific Officer and a very strong team, and you'll get that – a little bit of a highlight of some of the things we're working on at the analyst meeting in less than a month's time. So reserve the date. I'm sure Ken has sent that out. It's the best day in New York of the year, as I know – at least from my perspective. And so you'll get a sense of it, but we're very confident about the investments we're making. And in fact, two weeks ago, I was out with 300 of our leading scientists at the company, at a symposium we were doing, where they were actually working on new business ideas and new technology ideas, leveraging the strengths of the company. And I came away just so unbelievably energized by some of the things our teams are working on. We have incredible talent within R&D. So (53:24).
Marc N. Casper: So I'll start. When I think about the instruments business, and you look at it, very little revenue effect from days. About 6% organic growth in the quarter, in terms of how the instruments business did. Which, when you peel that back, you have a large chemical analysis business serving some very weak sectors of the industrial market, and then a very large chromatography and mass-spectrometry business. So, when you think of that level of growth, it's very strong performance, and that's been like, that bifurcation of weak industrial, weak chemical analysis, very strong life sciences, mass spec, and chromatography, has been a continuation trend. So that business is good. From the consumables mix – and pretty steady on good performance, right? Our channel business has done well; Life Science Solutions has done well. When I think about profitability, it's not a huge driver. We make a little bit more money on consumables for the self-manufactured portion, but embedded in there is the channel business. So, as you know, we don't manage the mix that way, but generally I'm not concerned by sort of the rates of growth in the businesses. In fact, the consumable growth shows that we have pretty steady, stable performance in the end markets.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so we pretty much expected the funds to flow from NIH in the first three quarters. And as you alluded, probably the strongest in Q3. But it should be reasonable in each of those three quarters during the course of this year.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So in terms of the services portion of the company. About 14% of our revenue is services, and that's split between our biopharma services or our clinical trial services business and the Unity Lab Services, which is basically a combination of supporting our instruments and equipment and doing some outsourcing of that for our customers as well. Both of those businesses have demonstrated good growth, and growing at or above the company average in terms of performance. And the competitive set on the Unity Lab Services side really hasn't changed much. You have a couple other companies that are in that market. And each have their own strategy. We feel good about our outlook there.
Marc N. Casper: So, let me wrap it up here. Thank you for the interest, and from my perspective, we had a great start to the year, with a great Q1 behind us. We're very well-positioned to deliver a strong 2016. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter and of course, seeing you in New York City in May at our Analyst Day. Thank you, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: So, good morning, Derik; I'll take the question. So obviously we pay very close attention to the tax regulations and changes there, and there's regulations across the world as well as domestically, and we have a great tax team. Recently, the Treasury Department laid out kind of two new tax regulations. One set of regulations is very concentrated to reduce the impact, the benefit of inversions. And those just simply don't apply to the company. The second set of regulations were targeted at limiting U.S. companies' ability to tax-efficiently repatriate cash from overseas. And when I think about that impact on our company, our existing tax structures, which aren't impacted by these regulations, provide pretty substantial cash repatriation capacity in a very tax-efficient way. So, at this point, I don't see any material impact from the regulatory changes on the company for the foreseeable future. So bottom line is we're comfortable with the tax rate and the corporate tax planning strategies that we have in place across the company. When I think about the tax rate going forward, we'll probably talk more about this at the Analyst Day. Just to remind you, the messaging form last year is the tax rate – the earnings that accrete going forward over and above the earnings we have today generally come in at a higher marginal tax rate than the 14% that we have in place on average for the company. So, absent any other changes in terms of our structuring, the tax rate will creep up slightly. We've done a pretty good job of making sure that that doesn't happen over time. If you look back over the past three years, I think we've effectively navigated through that. Part of that comes from some structures that we can put in place with acquisitions that we do. But the rest of it really comes from just good management of our tax strategies and just thinking about the different regulatory changes. So more to come at the Analyst Day, but that's kind of a recap on how we've seen it for the last couple of years.
Stephen Williamson: Sure, so yeah, think about the PPI drivers of productivity. It's a group of levers that we use and have continually used since I've been at the company. And it's kind of a combination of – larger type of restructurings where you're consolidating the footprints of the organization in terms of the manufacturing operations and the back office. It's also the micro aspect of PPI. So we're – day in, day out, we're just being better at leaning out the operations and the back office functions and kind of the way that we work. So the combination of all of that is a continual set of efforts. So there's nothing – no major shift in terms of low-cost region plays that we're doing, the footprint optimization, and the use of sourcing and pricing levers. Those are kind of continuing. But the one new thing this year, as I said on the last earnings call, is that we're looking to reinvest the benefit of the medical device tax into some longer-term projects. And one – a set of projects around the footprint and more complex footprint changes in terms of manufacturing, and then being more efficient in our financial back office. Those projects are underway and are progressing well. So I think it's just a continuum in terms of the impact of the PPI business system, and then we're kind of stepping it up a little bit in terms of using the opportunity to reinvest the medical device tax.
Stephen Williamson: So it's the usual areas around improving our commercial capabilities in some specific areas, particularly around service infrastructure, as well as some specific R&D new products introduction and product launch-type of investments. So it's – the growth areas for the top line are what we're focused on.
Stephen Williamson: So, Doug, I don't want to take any shine off a good quarter, but just to remind you that the organic growth that I gave in my script around the segments were the reported organic growth and not the days adjusted. Days adjusted is still good in that segment, so it's about the company average. So I'd just try and remind everybody that those percentages I gave out are non-days adjusted for the segments.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. So it's a dynamic we see pretty much every year. It's very front-end loaded in terms of interest and cash tax payments, as well as we pay bonus – bonus payouts come out in the first quarter. And then, generally, there's a depletion of working capital, an increase in working capital. And there's a decrease at the end of the year, an increase at the beginning of the year. So it's a pretty similar seasonal dynamic that we've seen play out for the past many, many years. So actually I feel good that we're ahead significantly from last year. We're almost $200 million higher, free cash flow than this point back in Q1 2015.
