Marc Casper: So Jack thanks for the question. Our clinical research business, PPD has really had a really excellent 2021 with 30% growth. And it was broad-based strength across biotech, biopharma, all the very important therapy areas that they're focused on, including work in the support of COVID-19 vaccines and therapies. As we look at the authorizations, we're very strong last year, which gives the business great momentum coming into 2022 and 2023. And we feel good to be able to grow that business in line with our core average of about 8% this year. So we feel very good about the outlook for the business.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Patrick, we really ended the year with really strong performance. And you see that in the 17% organic growth that we delivered for the full year. You see that in the very strong base business growth of 14%. And bookings in the fourth quarter was once again ahead of revenue. So we enter the year with very strong momentum. As we thought about the outlook for the year, obviously we were quite bullish with the 8% back in September with the Analyst Day. And the way that we thought about it was all of the additional revenue in the core; we're basically going to grow that. We're going to keep that and then grow that by 8% as well. And that's sort of what's implied in the guidance. So we feel very well positioned given what our outlook was in September, how the business finished the fourth quarter, the strength of the bookings, and therefore, 2022 should be another quite year for the company.
Marc Casper: Yes. So if you reflect back on last year, right, very active year with 10 transactions, and the bolt-ons about $4 billion worth of transactions, $20 billion roughly for PPD. So actually a really nice year of bolt-on activity. And if this was any other quarter in the fourth quarter, we actually were talking about PeproTech quite a bit, right, in terms of classic bolt-on, great growth prospects, good technology that is already performing well and will flourish under our ownership and the strength of our Biosciences business. So that's kind of the look back, right? And it gives you a sense that there's plenty of opportunity. Our pipeline is busy, right? We have plenty of financial capacity. We'll be incredibly disciplined to make sure that it fits our strict criteria, it creates shareholder value and that it really is additive to the portfolio. But we're actively looking at a number of transactions, and we'll see how they play out. The return of capital is also an important part of our strategy. And as you noted, we deployed already $2 billion on buybacks in the beginning of the year and we're excited to be able to do that for our shareholders as well.
Marc Casper: Yes. I think it's early to see that that changes increases the pool, if you will of potential actionable transactions, right? And because it takes a while for valuation expectations to really settle down. And obviously, the stock market has bounced around a bunch. So it's – I think it will take a while for expectations to change. Our pipeline is busy, right? And we are truly disciplined. And you've heard me say in the past, right, when valuations are more elevated, you're going to think about businesses that have a very favorable risk reward profile. So you don't have scenarios where the businesses that you acquire aren't creating shareholder value. And obviously, if you get in a period where valuations are more favorable from an M&A perspective, then that's going to open up the pool, right? But I don't think that happens in the first month or two of the year. I think it's more of a, we'll see how the year plays out.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about the core health care and diagnostics portion of the business, I look back at last year, we had solid growth in the – in that routine activity or Specialty Diagnostics. What I would say is its better than it's growing again, but there's still some level of noise in terms of volume disruption, right? So it's not at the consistent growth that you would have seen in 2018, 2019. You lose two or three weeks because of Omicron that has some minor effect. It's fully baked into our numbers, and it would be truly in the noise level for us in terms of what our outlook is. But you're not yet at sort of maximum diagnostic growth outside of COVID testing until you really have no capacity utilization in the hospitals.
Marc Casper: Let me give you the 80,000 foot and I will not bridge you and Stephen will. We increased our operating margin outlook from the Investor Day. Actually, I think at the Investor Day, we did a really nice job of explaining, you bring PPD in at a lower margin in year one and margins expand. We talked a little bit about how the COVID would unwind, but also actually the longer-term view. So, we're kind of in a way, so let's go to the endpoint in the next three-year model or four-year model. And so that you can take all of the COVID out and you see the growth in margins off of that level. So actually, I'm super excited to come here and actually, we've been able to increase it. But Stephen, maybe you might want to add a little bit more.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Derik thanks for the question. So, we had very strong growth in APAC, about 20% for the year and China just below, I think, 19%. So, it's kind of in the same range. When I look at the outlook, China being the largest of the countries in that region, it represents about 8% of our total revenue despite context. We expect it to be and continue to be one of our fastest-growing end markets. Significant investment in pharma and biotech, biotech in particular, in the country. We're well positioned to continue to serve that very well. So, the team in China is bullish about the outlook. There are clearly geopolitical tensions and we'll. Navigate those appropriately. And so that's part of it. And so, we feel good about what the outlook is there. And then we've had really good strength beyond China, right? South Korea continues to perform at a really good level. We played very strong role in India, and that's expanding nicely. The region has been good for us, and I'm very proud of how the team has performed in Asia-Pacific and obviously around the world.
Marc Casper: Yes. So obviously, for the year, with the low double-digit growth, very strong. We had low single-digit decline, as you said, in the fourth quarter. Really, it's the combination, as you said, four selling days less. We also had a very strong comparison in academic and government in the prior year period. So that's probably the other factor beyond any Omicron-type disruption. So, as I thought about it, there was not much to read into it in terms of what the activity level was, what customers are talking about, pipeline stuff seems fairly normal.
Marc Casper: Luke thanks for the question. So, when I think about the demand profile and capacity expansions, obviously, there has been very significant demand across the industry for supporting all of the COVID therapy and vaccine activity. And the industry, obviously, utilization went up hugely, probably unsustainably high. So, some of the investments you're seeing within our own company and sure, across others, is to bring utilization rates back to normal, right. So, that's the first thing to remind. Within our own business, if I think about the investments, I think about the nature of the customer contracts, I think about who the customers are, what else they have in their pipelines, our ability to transition the COVID-related activity to other therapeutic areas is something that we have a high degree of confidence in the ability to do that. You don't do it necessarily in one quarter, right. It takes a few quarters to get all of that smooth out. But we have good line of sight in terms of how to backfill when COVID demand is, God willing, less needed around the world, right, as we all hope that it's something that, at some point, wanes to a certain extent. So, our ability to do that, and you can think about a visualize right, sterile fill-finish activities, really all of the biologics that are used for any indication run through that capacity, right? So, we've added capacity and we're running flat out. And if there's less of a need longer term for vaccines, then you would see that capacity go to other critical areas. So that would be – you can visualize it that way. The capacity is truly generic to all of the indications out there.
Marc Casper: Yes, so you have two different things going on with our rapid diagnostic systems, our PCR, that we acquired early in 2021. You have the long-term menu expenditure beyond the respiratory panel and the COVID-19 test. That's a multiyear investment that really leverages the technology for the long term. And we're excited about that, right? When I think about – the second aspect of it is the role in COVID response, demand there has been very, very high. And while I could say the exact number of customers, you would see it in the pharmacies, is a natural application where it's been used, you see it in the doctor offices, as well as in number of back-to-life settings. I've been to meetings where that technology has been used to clear people to be able to attend the meeting and you get a result in 30 minutes. So, it's an exclusive technology to get a PCR result that quickly. So, I feel good about the acquisition, how the technology road map is developing and how it's performing.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Vijay in terms of the bioproduction activity. So, in that we say the word bioproduction, what we're meaning here is our cell culture media, our single-use technologies, our purification resins. That's part of a much bigger set of production activities for pharma and biotech, which includes pharma services and our bioscience reagents, some of those activities. I called out the DynaDrive specifically because today, when you think about a customer choice for most probably 70% to 75% of medicines and indications that are biologics, you can use single-use technology. That doesn't mean that that's the share that is used, which you can economically and the alternative is stainless steel. And that's a 2,000-liter scale. Our technology allows you to go to 5,000-liter scale. That effectively opens it up for almost all medicines could be made. And it's probably a couple of very high-volume ones want to do a stainless steel. Now how fast customers will ultimately adopt it? Will take some time. We've obviously adopted it in one of our biologics facilities. And we're super excited about the capability because the economics and the quality is fantastic. So, I think the technology is exquisite, and it's unique to us. So yes, I think it allows us to grow our share over time.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, when I think about our biologics, our production activities, I think, it's probably good to put it into the macro context. Roughly $20 billion of our revenue today including PPD serves, pharma and biotech. About half of it is in the production part of the business, right? And in general, the production goes a little faster than the other activities we do in pharma and biotech. And when you look at the company's long-term 7% to 9% core organic growth outlook, pharma and biotech will be the fastest of the growing end markets are growing faster than that on average going forward. So, we entered the year, obviously with very strong momentum, right, with 25% growth in pharma and biotech for the full year, a very special year. And we're excited about the growth prospects we have this year with the 8% core growth.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, one of the things that we get questions – your question we get periodically. So, we try to at least frame it a bit in Stephen's remarks, where we expect in an endemic phase of COVID, about $100 million a quarter, $400 million a year of molecular diagnostics revenue related to the increased installed base, supporting COVID testing, the increased sample prep installed base. So that's a rough number. We'll give it more precision when we're actually in the endemic phase, but that's the view. When that exactly happens, we just assume that that starts in Q3, but that's an assumption, just like all of our testing things. We'll update that as we see how the pandemic plays out.
Marc Casper: Yes, so it's a great question, right. The way we think about acquisitions is really along our criteria, right. We start with is it strengthen the company strategically? Would our customers value it? And ultimately, does it create shareholder value? We start with the return on invested capital, the internal rates of returns. Before we get into the EPS or any of that stuff, we just say, is this a good long-term investment, right? And if it is, then we'll look at the shorter-term financials and say, is that an acceptable risk reward to us to take the activity? So, as you know, if you think about the many deals we have done, we actually haven't focused on, is it accretive to our organic growth or we've actually just focused on, is it a really strategic fit that strengthens the company that will create shareholder value. And we have an incredible track record of accelerating the growth of the businesses we acquire, right? So that's the cool thing. And you've seen us where over the years, we bought businesses like Life Technologies that was growing slower than the company average. Obviously, it's been unbelievable in terms of how fast it's grown in terms of at scale. And we're excited about PeproTech, which is a higher growth business, and we're excited about the prospects around PPD. So, thank you for the question.
Marc Casper: So, let me wrap up and thank everybody for participating. We're obviously pleased with how we performed in 2021. We're in a really great position to achieve another excellent year in 2022. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Jack, so we have been very active on using the pricing lever as part of our PPI Business System, and we have a great team that helps our businesses do that in a very appropriate way. And we've seen basically in the second half of 2021, and as we project forward to 2022, pricing around about 2 times the normal level given the inflationary environment we're facing. So that's in aggregate across the whole portfolio. It's different by different areas of the business, but that's the aggregate result, and we're offsetting the impact of inflation through that pricing activity.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And Patrick, that – the extra – days was pretty broad across the business when I think about the impact in Q4.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, in terms of the long-term model, we said margins are greater than 26%. And that's all incorporated in this guidance as we think about 2022 as the year in that three-year long-term model. So, we raised our guidance for revenue. PPD is part of that, which is kind of mid-teens margin. FX is slightly more of a hurt in terms of the change versus the prior guide. And then the higher testing and the higher core business growth is coming through the decent margin. So that's the kind of puts and takes that gets you the 20 basis point increase. And it's all in line. It's actually slightly higher than what included in that full year model that we gave out at the Investor Day.
Stephen Williamson: And then Derik, just reflecting on the margin – Derik, just reflecting on your margin question, when I think about the additional guide in terms of revenue for testing, that's assumed to come through at the average for the pull-through of the rest of the company as well. So not a significantly high margin profile, so I guess is the [indiscernible].
Stephen Williamson: So, Vijay, good morning. The raise is because of the scale of the business has gotten larger in 2021, and then we're growing that at 8% going forward in 2022. So, the growth rate is still the same as our prior guidance for core, which is a very strong 8%. But the base in which it's growing is actually larger because of the way that we finished in the end of 2021.
Stephen Williamson: In terms of the 2022 version, no. There is an assumption that it's going to contribute – come in the contribution margin around about the company average.
