Marc Casper: Tycho, thanks for the question. When you look at the assumption for the fourth quarter, it remains identical to what we started with the original part of the year back in January and to all the subsequent guidance which is assuming the normal year end pattern budget spending. So, as a reminder, the last couple of years 2017 and 2018, we had above average or strong year-end spend, and you don't get visibility to that, and so very late in the quarter. So, our convention has been normal year-end, is what we are assumed in our guidance and that positions that is the way the year plays out, that we will have delivered a fantastic year. If you get another very strong finish from budget flush, then it will be an even better year in terms of performance. So that is how we are thinking about it and we are not seeing anything in the macro environment that is giving us a change to Q4 from like a negative or conservative viewpoint.
Marc Casper: Yes, so Tycho thanks for the question. So our bioproduction business is doing great. Right. And it really is performing at a very high level. Our customers appreciate the strong positions we have in cell culture media and single use technologies where we are the industry leader. We had a great quarter. So that is continuing. In terms of how we see the market, we have all the companies so we have the best insight, because we have our bioproduction business, which gives you one lines. We obviously have a biologic CDMO which gives you other lines, and then we have these very deep relationships across the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. And what we are seeing is a very robust pipeline of activity. So we feel good about what the future holds. In terms of cell and gene therapy, these are young industry, and you are going to see individual Company volatility, but the promise around cell therapy and gene therapy continues to be very strong and we are very excited about our competitive position, both in our pharma services business as well as our product businesses serving that market. So we feel good about the outlook there. Thanks Tycho for the questions.
Marc Casper: Jack, good morning and thanks for the question. In terms of China, another excellent quarter, right. When I look at how we have been performing very strong. Our customers value the capabilities that we bring to the Chinese market and our industry continues to be so incredibly well aligned with the government priorities around their five-year plan, which is we enable environmental protection, the expansion of the healthcare system, building an innovative pharma industry. Those are all things that our technologies across our industry benefit front Thermo Fisher, as the industry leader, and a very unique competitive position that we have in China positioned us even better in terms of our performance and you see that in our results. In terms of the details of what is going on in China, really conditions continue to be very, very similar to what we have seen in the last couple of years. And as a reminder, the comparisons in our industrial business also play true in China, meaning that we had a very, very strong year end finish, the second half of last year in the industrial businesses globally. So we have a difficult comparison there and you see that in the results across industrial end markets. But you see that in China a little bit as well. So the 30%, very strong growth we are on track to deliver mid-teens growth for the year. So where we will see it.
Marc Casper: Yes. So it's a good question. Jack, in terms of Analytical Instruments. That is the segment where we have our most industrial exposure in terms of our business with most industrial exposure and we had a very strong second half last year in electron microscopy and chemical analysis. So we expected and we have been articulating since the begin the year that we expected the second half in our industrial businesses to have more muted growth because of the challenging performance -- the challenging comps against the amazing performance we have last year. So that is kind of the context. When I think about the more detail below that, the chrome and mass spec business continues to perform at a good level. Obviously, others have not reported in our industry yet, we are first of the major companies. So it's hard to know exactly what our results are versus others, but based on the customer feedback we have, we feel very good that Q3 was another excellent quarter of share gains there. So, that will be validated in the next week or so. In terms of electron microscopy, the long-term outlook for our business is outstanding. We have great interest both in our materials science applications ranging from battery development, semiconductor, advanced materials through the Life Sciences applications. So when I think about where that business is long-term prospects are continues to be mid to high single-digit growth business over the long term. So we feel good about our position in Analytical Instruments and how we are performing.
Marc Casper: Sure. So Vijay thanks for the question. First of all, pharma, biotech is a setback from on how we are doing another quarter of double-digit growth consistent what we have seen now for a number of quarters. The markets are good, but our competitive position is truly unique and we are clearly growing faster than the industry and gaining market share, and that is because our customers understand that we really do have a unique value proposition that helps them to accelerate their innovation and at the same point help them drive their productivity and all of our businesses did well, serving that customer set. So we feel good about that and as I highlighted earlier bioproduction continues to perform at a very, very high level also, so pharma biotech continues to be very good. When I think about some of the other segments Lab Products and Services. And when I think about that across all of the businesses there, which includes our lab products businesses, our pharma services business and our channel business. They all had very solid quarters with good growth. So nothing particularly differentiated between those businesses, they all had strong quarters on the top-line.
Marc Casper: So, thanks. No, in terms of capital deployment. we have a very active funnel, right and it continues to be very active. And the way we think about it is we have a very disciplined process and where we have been really successful is doing the right transactions that is very much valued by our customers, strengthening the Company’s long-term strategic position, and ultimately creates meaningful shareholder value. And when I look at the pipeline, I feel very good about what the prospects are there. And the key for us is that, we have always been disciplined and we always will be disciplined, right. So, we will do the right things. And when I think about this year, what a great year in terms of strengthening the balance sheet for the long term, right. With getting an average duration of 15 years on our new debt. And doing that, have the interest costs that positions us well. It gives us tremendous financial flexibility. And at the same point, we have done one mid-sized bolt-on in Brammer, we have done the Cork acquisition, a few small deals as well, and cleaned up one aspect of our portfolio, which was selling off the Anatomical Pathology business. So, so a very solid year there, we have returned capital as well and I feel great about what the M&A pipeline looks like.
Marc Casper: And offset the tailwinds from Q2 in terms of the revenue that was delayed in terms of shipments there. But not a significant impact overall when you look on a net basis.
Marc Casper: Yes, so in terms of transplant diagnostics incredibly important capabilities that we serve the healthcare community globally, which is we help match recipients with donors and we help clinicians monitor transplant health, right in terms of organ acceptance or rejection, right. So critical part of the medical decision on process there. But business has performed well. It's highly profitable, it's been good growth. And truly an inspirational opportunity. I love what I do, but the opportunity to talk to patients that recognize the role we play, the doctors that make those decisions, the laboratorians that do the work to match the recipients with the donors. I had that opportunity in August when we opened up our new facility in West Hills, which is an amazing set of capabilities. We have hundreds of people attending, it was really an awesome experience. And highlights the competitive advantage we have. Right, there wasn't a customer but didn't leave there saying, okay, this is the industry leader investing for a bright future. We have our next-gen sequencing workflows by the way in transplant diagnostics. So we have made that transition as well and we continue to be very strong performance there.
Marc Casper: It's performing well, it's growing, probably grew around the Company average. Probably a lot higher somewhere in that range, so performing at a good level . [indiscernible] our customers, we wind up with a large number of our colleagues working at our customer site to ensure effectiveness of how they operate their laboratories and making sure they're getting great experiences with our products. And it's a good business in terms of building customer regions and continues to perform at a good level.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Doug, thanks for the question. You know, it's been interesting, right. If you read the sort of popular press about Europe, you have this for quite some time. You have this very bleak view, right sort of everything is slow and so forth. If you then look at our performance over the last number of years. Our performance in Europe is very strong. So, that is because our value proposition resonates, right, there is a big pharmaceutical industry presence there that we are very well positioned to serve. We have strong presence serving the diagnostics market, our high-end instrumentation is valued by customers, and the business is performing well. The high-single digit growth reflects very good performance of the team, and we have been delivering strong growth in Europe. So when we did our reviews with our European leadership and myself and members of our Company leadership team spent time with the commercial team at the end of the quarter in Europe and market conditions where we serve continue to be good, and our share gain momentum is excellent. So nothing really jumped out to me as being particularly surprising. I was just pleased with the job well done by the team.
Marc Casper: Sure, great question. Let me take a shot at that and the first one is , customers do planning later macro environment. something I had a of a lot of doubt actually in preparation for this earnings call. And when I think back over the last two decades here, it actually doesn't feel that there is any more uncertainty or challenges then really the normal level of noise, right. I remember discussing terrorism risk and discussing dramatic changes in FX and sequestration, all of these things and when I sit there and say, yes, there is a lot - we have an administration that is very publicity oriented, but when I think about the big picture issues Science is great. The economy is pretty good around the world and our industry is doing very well. So when I think about planning, I think it's going to be pretty normal in terms of the process across the industry. In terms of, you know, biotech and funding and all of those things, the end market continues to be strong, the science is excellent, if you have a view and it might change [indiscernible], our Company mix has changed, right. If you think about a decade ago, our exposure in biotech and pharma would have been more purely on the research side of the equation, and today you have more of a balance with clinical trials, capabilities, development and production. So, the mix is different in that latter stage is typically stickier in terms of the movement. And then in terms of budget spending and so forth, something that it's hard to have a scientific view of it, our best view of the difference between a normal year and a strong year in terms of organic growth in the quarter, probably two points, meaning that, if you go from normal to strong about two points of growth, additional in that represents roughly half a point of growth for the full-year and that could be off a little bit, but it gives you at least the magnitude of the difference between normal and strong.
Marc Casper: One thing I would add just kind of at one level off, which is - we did refinancing and it really a huge savings in our earnings. Right. And we took the $20 million of Q4 benefit to the bottom line. as I think about next year, we will have another $60 million benefit from the lower interest costs. We will likely reinvest a little more than half of that to continue to accelerate our growth momentum in not per se just in pharma services, but we have amazing prospects given our share momentum. So I think you will see us likely reinvest some of those savings into fueling continued amazing future for the Company.
Marc Casper: Yes, the business, our Orbitrap franchise is performing very well. And when I look at the product launches, we had it ASI American Society of Mass Spectrometry in Q2, very strong customer interest. We have had good order shipments, performing very well and there is always competition, but we are very well positioned to continue to drive growth. Funding in proteomics is very good. Right. It is, if you think about, you have the genomics revolution, proteomics is really where a huge level of funding is right now and looks to continue to have and we are the industry leader and well positioned to drive good growth in that part of our business.
Marc Casper: Yes, so the integration is complete. The business is performing at an excellent level, we exceeded the cost synergies, really driven by excellent impact from our PPI Business System revenue synergies right on track. And interestingly enough, the funnel of wins, which is future revenue. You can see it in the number of expansions that we are announcing across our network that really is driven by revenue synergies, right. We basically have sold out our API network and we acquired the Cork facility. You saw us announce expansion of sterile [indiscernible] and biologics and networks and that really is just a reflection of how strong our customer interest is because of Thermo Fisher's reputation and the excellent performance from pharma services,. The business grew about the Company average in terms of our performance in the quarter.
Marc Casper: So let me wrap up here, with a strong nine-months behind us, we are really in a great position to achieve another excellent year. As always thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you early in 2020. Thanks everyone.
Derik De Bruin: Stephen, I have a question for you. So, ever since you guys bought Patheon, you the street seems to be mis-modeling your gross margin number. I mean, every quarter I get a call that, "Your Thermo BDPS" and I have to have a conversation about how other gross margin numbers came in lower and like that. And so I think there just seems to be some mis-modeling that goes on with this. Can you just sort of walk people through the dynamics on the gross margin line and sort of how the mix and plax everything like this. And it's ultimately it's a question on how should we think about on any one quarter, sort of like year-over-year gross margin expansion or how to look at it like that. Because there is consistently this, this debate we have every quarter on what the right margin number is, and sort of like how to model it.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can continue. Since you mentioned transplant diagnostics, which is haven't really talked about that for a while. As I think back, there was a time a couple of years ago when people were worried that One Lambda was going to get waked from next-gen sequencing coming into the market. And obviously you are now opening new facilities. Can you talk about how sort of that has expanded. I'm just very curious to see that, because I remember that was a debate we had several years ago with people.
Derik De Bruin: And then, I just one follow-up. Since I will to take advantage of being on the call here. You know one of your competitors has been making a big push into the third-party services market. Can you sort of talk about your Unity Lab Services business and sort of like the dynamics and industry, and what is going on with it. It's one of those areas we are just, we really have a lot of visibility. And so I'm just sort of trying to reconcile that with, with some of the, some of the trends and commentary from some of the other competitors.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Derik. Thanks for the question. So we will take a long look back. So, yes, so Patheon is a scale business with significantly lower gross margins on the average for the Company. So to the year the anniversary is back into our numbers that you saw that for a 12-months, over four quarters of some pressure on reported gross margins, still a good business performance on the line that in the Pharma Services business. And then the mix of our revenues been such that the lower gross margin businesses in the Company, but lower cost to serve below that, there is still decent profit margin businesses have been growing the fastest. So bio-production and then the channel business and then pharma services is also growing very well, as well. So that is a continued pressure on reported margins, but still very good in terms of generation of adjusted operating income dollars. So seeing that dynamic play out. And recently we are investing fairly significantly into our Pharma Services business for future revenue growth. So that is the one other elements. And then this quarter, and you will see it over the next couple is, we are selling the Anatomical Pathology Business, that also plus a little bit of pressure on the Company’s gross margins on a reported basis. So when I think about modeling going forward. Well, I expect the Company to get some benefit in terms of margin expansion coming out of gross margins, but not significant, and that it's really SG&A leverage. With the strong revenue growth on the top-line that is really going to be driving the overall operating margin expansion for the Company in terms of the long-term outlook for the next three years.
Stephen Williamson: So, Derik, in terms of the strong performance in healthcare and diagnostics and the strong performance in our Specialty Diagnostics business, we have really broad-based momentum, right in terms of really excellent growth in transplant, in immuno-diagnostics, and very strong performance in our healthcare market channel. So the divestiture of Anatomical Pathology, which was a slower growing business, actually had a minimal impact on the organic growth performance.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Doug. Thanks. So, as we outlined on the last call approximately $50 million of revenue shifted from Q2 to Q3. These orders that are ready to shift to customers right at the end of the quarter were delayed by the system average and then were shipped in early Q3. So that is basically across the line.
Stephen Williamson: Yes [indiscernible] about kind of planning and these environment. It's about being flexible and it's about iterative planning and making sure that you are up to date in terms of how you thinking about operating through an environment with things that change pretty rapidly. So, companies are becoming more and more used to that environment and operate accordingly.
Stephen Williamson: Steve, great question. If you want to think about the pharma services business. We have got great opportunities to capture long-term organic growth with the customers set that we have both large pharma and biotech and more biotech customers. So we recognize that and we are adding the right capacity and capabilities to help continue to fuel that growth for the long-term. So that gets us and we think about our business being kind of mid to high single-digit business and I'm putting investments to maintain at the high end of that level of growth. And if there are future opportunities that unfold themselves, to be able to get great returns and will add appropriately income to CapEx, you will see this year and next year slightly heightened level of CapEx in that business that links to these great, great customer prospects and we will see how that pans out from that going forward. But really, to maintain the great organic growth method .
Stephen Williamson: It's a net pricing continue to be good. So just under 1.5% across the Company and that is in line with how we would be performing for this year. So expect that to continue, however, we are doing a good job of offsetting some of the tariff impact of pricing and being disciplined as well.
