Marc Casper: Yes Vijay, thanks for the question. As I look at the base business outlook, really incredibly strong Q2. The performance, the 27% base business organic growth, the business is really firing on all cylinders, and orders were very strong. The informal dialog you have with customers is very bullish about market conditions and also, more importantly, our role in supporting them, and that gave us confidence that 12% organic growth for our base business activities is an appropriate guidance for the full year, so we feel really good about that. You’re seeing the benefits of the acceleration in our growth strategy investments that we started in the second half of last year. You’re seeing those things start to come into the new products that we launched, the collaborations, new capabilities. It’s really a super exciting time, and we’re excited about it in terms of what the fundamental outlook is for the base business.
Marc Casper: Yes, and in terms of the response revenue and on the testing side of the equation, we took this strategy around de-risking the outlook. We had a strong quarter, actually, at $1.4 billion of testing, felt reasonably good about that, and we actually have a number of orders for the second half. We felt that given how much dialog there is around testing just generally and so much noise, we just felt that taking that off the table felt like the right thing to do, and we’re well positioned, as you know, given our relationships and capacity. If things like the delta variant continue to drive more demand for testing, then obviously we’re going to be higher than the number we assumed in the guidance. 
Marc Casper: Doug, I’m going to give you terrific news, which is we’re going to hold an analyst day on September 17 and we’re going to give some early thoughts about 2022 to help with some of the ways to think about modeling, and not what I would call official guidance for the year but at least some scenarios to help that, and then give the three-year outlook going forward. We thought an analyst day would be the best way, because we think it’s a great question. What I would say, as you think about between now and whatever it is, seven weeks now, as for 2022, the performance of the base business is super cool - you know, 12% organic growth. We’re going to be entering the year with a very strong order book with very strong momentum, and more and more of those investments that we’ve made and are making positions us for great momentum in 2022.  We’re going to play a meaningful role in what our customers need on their response, right? 2022 seems like a long way off, but I’d say obviously vaccines and therapies are going to be super relevant and there will be testing, the question is at what level. We’ll try to do some scenarios to help with that, but nobody knows what the demand is going to be for testing next year, so there will be range of outcomes around that, but I’m excited. PPD, obviously you’d add whatever assumptions for next year to the numbers from a capital deployment perspective, so 2022 is going to be another great year for the company.
Marc Casper: Those would be good two or three-hour long conversations, but I’ll take a shot at it, and Stephen, certainly feel free to add. When I think about the COVID testing demand and what are we seeing, what I would say is we obviously have built--we have and had built during the pandemic a huge installed base around the world. For us, the activities we do across all of the countries is the huge driver of our activity, so a lot of what we read about is what’s going in the U.S., and the U.S. testing demand is definitely less at this moment, although obviously cases are starting to increase, but there’s quite a bit of demand around the world and certain customers are preparing for a respiratory panel for the winter season, and obviously we’ll have that. We’re going to support our customers at whatever level of demand that they need. In terms of margins, I’ll make it sort of what’s the philosophy, and then Stephen, if you want to add, feel free. We’re not thinking about it base business versus COVID, we’re thinking about how do we manage the company appropriately in terms of the profitability of the company and the investment rate for the going forward. I think one of the things that if you kind of do very simple math, and I’ll do it from an EPS perspective, we raised our--based on the very strong outlook for the year and the very strong first half, we raised our EPS by $0.10 in the guidance. We chose to invest another $0.25 in our colleagues, right - the $100 million in the Q2 additional payment is an investment in the future, right, so we made a conscious decision. Obviously margins are very strong and we’ll manage that appropriately. It really highlights the power of our PPI business system. 
Marc Casper: Jack, thanks for the question. In terms of capital deployment, first of all, it’s been an active year between--and I’ll give you an update on PPD in a minute, but it’s been an active year. We obviously announced PPD, we’ve done a number of smaller bolt-on transactions, so we’ve been active. Our pipeline is quite busy. We’re looking at things, we’re disciplined, and because our industry is so large and fragmented, we’re seeing opportunities to continue to build on our M&A strategy and execute against that, so from that perspective things are good. From a return of capital perspective, we felt the $2 billion that we did in terms of buybacks and increasing the dividend felt like the right return, given the M&A commitments we’ve made to PPD, and we certainly revisit our return of capital mix with our board periodically and we’ll continue to do so. But right now, we continue to have M&A as the primary focus.  PPD, I’ll spend a moment there because it’s a large commitment of capital. I’ve been super impressed with the team. I’ve gotten to meet a number of the team because of the integration planning. It’s going very smoothly, the colleagues are very excited to become part of the company. As you see from some of the other companies in the CRL field that are reporting, the end markets are super good, the industry is doing well. PPD as a leader is very well positioned, so this is going to be a really good growth asset.  From the pathway to closure of the transaction, we’ve gotten most of the direct investment, the foreign investment approvals done, still got a little bit left to do there but that’s pretty much done. We’re working our way through the various anti-trust filings around the world, we’re collaborating with the FDC on second request, and we’re looking forward to closing the transaction by the end of the year, so that’s a quick recap on capital deployment.
Marc Casper: Tycho, good morning, thanks for the questions. Yes, our analytical instruments business performed extremely well, grew over 35% in the quarter, and all three businesses really performed very well - chemical analysis, chrom and mass spec, and materials and structural analysis [indiscernible]. When I think about the dynamics here, our new products, they’re very exciting, I mentioned a few of them this quarter as I did last, so the investments we’ve been making in R&D there are really paying off, and the end markets are good. You see that in electron microscopy, both in the adoption of the tools for life sciences applications, so the cryo electron microscopy, but you also see that across the material science applications, including semiconductor, and obviously from everything you read around what’s going on in chip supply and investments there, that bodes well for the electron microscopy business for sure.
Marc Casper: Tycho, in terms of the role that we’re playing in supporting the vaccines and therapies for COVID, it’s quite significant, right, and it cuts across both our pharma services capabilities for the active ingredients [indiscernible] as well as in the sterile fill/finish activities for the vaccines. We play obviously a very substantial role as the technology provider in our bio sciences business with things like enzymes, nucleotides, as well as in our single use technologies and cell culture media, so a very large role. We expect that to be about $1.8 billion this year. Demand is very robust, right, so for the industry it’s mostly about capacity coming online to support the demand, so we look at our momentum going into 2022, we would expect that the vaccine and therapy demand to be very strong given the likely demand for the response to the pandemic, and as our capacity comes more and more online, that positions us very well to meet the strong backlog of orders that we’ve been able to generate because we have the right solutions for our customers.
Marc Casper: Dan, great question. A few different things that are going on. Let’s do the mRNA more broadly first. There has been a huge increase in investments in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry given the success that mRNA has had on the COVID vaccine, so that investment is both in next generation vaccines, combination vaccines, as well as just in the class of other diseases altogether. And yes, we’re in numerous dialogs in supporting those activities across our capabilities, so that’s a wonderful tailwind for our largest segment of pharma and biotech in terms of customers, so that looks very strong. One of the things that we have seen is that in plasmid DNA, there has been a shortage of capacity for some period of time, and we’ve been addressing that by making significant organic investments. We have been able to secure meaningful orders for our new facility in Carlsbad. I had the opportunity to visit the facility in June - it’s awesome and super exciting. It’s open - and we just did the ribbon cutting in early July, and we’ll be producing product in the not distant future there and building momentum on that, and that’s great. The customer base wanted choice and we’re giving them choice, and we’re excited about that. 
Marc Casper: Yes, China is performing very well. When I think about the growth in the quarter of just under 30%, we’ve got 40% growth in the first half. I spent time with the team, activities have returned to pretty much normal. The [indiscernible] five-year plan is being implemented and that has tailwinds for our industry, and Thermo Fisher is well positioned to capitalize also, so I think about China in terms of our outlook and it’s off to a good start through the first half of the year.
Marc Casper: Yes, so Derik, academic and government had a very good quarter, 35% growth, that’s exciting. As you think about academic and government, obviously it was one of those segments of the four end markets we serve that was very affected last year in 2020 because of the pandemic, and in the second quarter, that’s really the place you saw it the most. What you’re seeing now is largely activity has returned back to normal around the world - I mean, it might be different, but actually the activity level is pretty normal, and what I’m encouraged about is two things . One is widespread in terms of the performance across our businesses - you know, bio sciences, research and safety market channel that talks about activity is very high, and electron microscopy really excellent funding, so it talks about sort of the big capital funding there also was strong. Then when you look going forward, that really does look good because there’s so much positive talk around the world about the funding. 
Marc Casper: Yes Patrick, thanks for the question. When I look at the specialty diagnostics business, actually underlying what’s going on in the business actually is quite encouraging. Activity levels are pretty much back to the pre-pandemic levels. You see it in really strong growth in our immunodiagnostics business, allergy and autoimmunity. You see it in our transplant diagnostic business. [Indiscernible] businesses were highly disrupted a year ago when procedures were put on hold, but you also saw good growth in microbiology, you saw it as well in our healthcare market channel, so it’s encouraging. In terms of the--you know, you do see some of the COVID response revenue there as well, and that will have a more challenging comparison in the second half, but I feel good about the underlying outlook within specialty diagnostics.
Marc Casper: No, no surprises there. We’re just working through the process and we’ll work collaboratively and look forward to bringing it to a close at the end of the year. Operator, we’ll take one more question. 
Marc Casper: We really had an excellent first half of the year. We’re on track to deliver another outstanding year and we’re going to enter 2022 with great momentum that sets us up for a very bright future, and we’re looking forward to sharing more about our future during our virtual analyst day on September 17, and of course then updating you in October on our Q3 call.  As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, when we think about the mix of change in our guidance, it brought down the margin profile for the full year down to about 29.7%, which is down about 15 basis points from what I’d assumed in my prior guide. That’s kind of taken into consideration the different mix of contribution margins in the revenue changes. 
Stephen Williamson: Yes, we’re really just focused on that. When you maximize the top line opportunity, invest appropriately for the future, it pays--we’re getting great--we’ll get the right returns off that investment, and then the flow through then comes, so it’s less that we’re trying to manage to a margin expansion number than appropriately manage the P&L and invest appropriately for the future.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, and Jack, one thing to add. When I think back to 2019, the outlook around that use of cash and ROI, we put significantly higher investments in capex. We’ve identified some great opportunities to invest organically, and we’re putting cash to work and getting great returns in really a short period of time as well, so that’s another element as I think about how the company’s evolved over that period of time.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, I think when you look at the world, it’s unwinding from the recessionary impacts of the pandemic, and as a result you’ve got kinks in supply chain and clearly inflationary pressures in multiple different places. How large that impact is and how long it lasts for is still to be proven out. We’re operating on the basis that it will be with us for some time. Our PPI business system enables us to effectively navigate events like this and run our operations efficiently, use our scale to partner with suppliers, and then maximize opportunities, as you mentioned, around pricing for certain products to help protect our margins. That’s not just [indiscernible] really across the portfolio, that’s kind of the scale benefit of using our pricing discipline across the company, and we’ve navigated through this dynamic really well through the first half of the year, and I expect us to continue to do so going forward. 
Stephen Williamson: Tycho, let me cover the margin question. I think the elevated investments are getting great returns, so we’re going to manage the company appropriately, spend appropriately, and have fueled really strong base business organic growth going forward. Should those returns not be in the right places, we’re going to obviously appropriately manage spend, and then as the pandemic response unwinds, we will appropriately deal with the variable costs that go with that and manage the P&L appropriately. We look forward to giving more details when we’re in a better position to do that around 2022.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, we secured some additional orders on the COVID response and it’s slightly higher - it’s about another $30 million to $40 million for the year, and that’s included in that increasing guide for the response revenue.
Stephen Williamson: Then on PPD, Derik, the margin profile of that whole industry is significantly lower than the company average, and knowing that eyes wide open going into this, the investment thesis in this asset is that margin expansion--we’ll get some margin expansion from cost synergies, but it will be lower than the company average expansion year-over-year but be higher than average growth business. When you think about the growth in operating income dollars, it will be very equivalent to the rest of the company, so it’s just a slightly different P&L profile that we’re bringing into the company and you need to factor that is as you’re thinking about modeling the company going forward. It’s a scale business coming in at lower than the average margins, but that doesn’t change the margin profile or the margin opportunity for the rest of the company and doesn’t change the great outlook that we think PPD has, and we’re excited about bringing it into the company.
