Marc Casper: Patrick, thanks for the question. Good morning. Obviously, really outstanding Q3. When I think about the momentum in the core business in the fourth quarter, we obviously enter the fourth quarter with very strong performance. As I look at the outlook for Q4, first, we felt it was prudent to keep it at the same that we did last quarter. There's nothing particularly deep about that. We have -- or less selling days. So when you look at the base business results, it's very similar. It implies about 9% growth, about 5% reported, and about 4 points for the day. You see here about 9% growth. So very similar to what you saw in Q3. And when you look at the other part of core, which is the vaccine and therapy numbers, similar levels of revenue to what you saw in Q3 there. So we felt that was a prudent view.  On the testing response, we kept the de-risk number. We're obviously going to shift whatever our customers need and if you think about how short the true visibility is for testing response, which is we de-risk ed at the end of July. And by the time we got into August, the Delta variant had creating huge demand for testing. So we feel that the 450 number is one that we have incredibly high likelihood of achieving and we'll obviously shift, meaning it could work. And that other customers need it. So that's how we've thought about. And for -- as we talked about 2022, we carried forward the core revenue beat into the year. And as we sit here at the end of January, when we give our full year, our final guidance for the year we'll look at what is the right level of assumptions and make adjustments as appropriate.
Marc Casper: I think given the way your offset by over their questions for us explains what's going on, which is we had low single-digit growth. In the year-ago period, we had an incredibly strong COVID response revenue in China. So that drives there. When I look at bookings which gives you a sense of new orders, that grew about 10% in the quarter. So that activity was good. We have a strong backlog there and reviewing what's going on with our local team. No. Conditions actually continue to be good and the government's focused on some of the initiatives that will drive strong long-term growth. Focus on Biotech industry and food safety, those kinds of things. So I think China ultimately continues to be a nice, strong growth market for the Company going forward.
Marc Casper: Tycho, good morning and thanks for the question. Yes, so supply chain, as you step back and almost start a level above. Thermo Fisher, then get to Thermo Fisher. Now the world is clearly experiencing supply chain disruptions. And it really as the pandemic is unwinding, we're all seeing that and the duration and the impact of that still to be determined, all right? And as I think about our Company, it's really the scale of advantages we have and the incredibly strong execution capabilities we have because of our PPI Business System, it's a real competitive advantage.  All right, and we're well-positioned to navigate these environments better than the smaller or less capable companies. So that's how I think about it. As I think about Q3 there was no material impact in our results based on supply chain challenges. The areas that you see them, they're being managed with things like freight and logistics. Delivery times are a little bit slower. So you have things like that, that you have to manage through and electronic components, things of that sort.  And we're managing through those things effectively. And I have high confidence in our team's ability to navigate it in a very well -- in a very strong way. And I think we will be talking about this in some fashion across the world and across specifically [Indiscernible] in diagnostics, probably into 2022.
Marc Casper: Yes. Tycho, in terms of PPD, it's going well and on track, so we're largely complete with the U.S. FTC process and we -- there's no surprises on the remaining couple of filings, including working with the UK government. So those are all we anticipated when we announced the transaction. So that's all progressing well, and we feel confident our ability to have the opportunity to welcome our new colleagues during the fourth quarter to Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the durability, embedded in our outlook, from a de-risked perspective for next year is $750 million of COVID testing related revenue, and we'll obviously refine that when we give our original we started, start the year and see what the world looks like. There's obviously certain aspects of our response on the testing side that will have some level of durability, but it's a relatively modest number compared to the billions of dollars of COVID-19, the PCR tests and sample prep that we provided. The areas that you would expect to have [Indiscernible] is going to be the increased installed base of QPCR instruments in sample prep instruments, which will get repurpose for other testing. We've obviously developed respiratory panels as well.  So likely for the future you're going to see some level of people presenting with an upper respiratory infection and doctors will want to know whether it's COVID or flu or RSV. So you'll have some of that [Indiscernible]. And customer feedback on the Mesa Biotech technology. It's super positive. It's turned to a large customer, couple of days ago and they did a head-to-head versus some other technologies and basically said the users just love it and are excited about working on developing a broader menu overtime as well.  So those are some of the things that will increase our share of business post COVID, or more endemic COVID phase. And that's business that we really didn't have pre -pandemic. So I think that's pretty cold, but relative to the billions of dollars of revenue it will be more modest number.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack Kevin, you can nitpick anything you want. It's good to focus on the areas that aren't clear. So I actually want to step back and look at analytical instruments. Actually a very solid quarter, very strong performance in electron microscopy [indiscernible] expected very well. We're super excited about ASMS, which is just upon us and exciting product launches are highlighted a few of them on the call with the TSQ quadrupole mass spectrometer. When we updated all 3 on our new UHPLC system.  When you actually look and say you look at the details on the numbers, we saw softness in parts of chemical analysis, that's really what's in there. And you haven't seen the full recovery in some of the industrial end markets. You see great strength in things that are semiconductor materials, financial ladens that shows through across our businesses. But in some of the what I'll call historically core industry. You haven't seen a full recovery over the last couple of years. So that's what is kind of embedded in the numbers.
Marc Casper: Nothing that jumps out at me is being significant, Derik. When I think about bookings were stronger and maybe shipping took a day or two longer or so, it could be some math in that but none of our teams talked about lab not ready shipping delays. No, nobody -- nobody used this is a discussion topic in our deeper reviews with the business. So is possibly, but nothing that jumped out as being material from that perspective. Bookings were strong, so I think that's -- that's encouraging for the upcoming few quarters.
Marc Casper: So when I think about our team, let's start with the Thermo Fisher Scientific team and make a brief comment about PPD. We have a terrific team. They have delivered these spectacular results for year-in-year-out, quarter-on-quarter out, including in very trying times of the pandemic and they make a difference. And we have done a really -- we've been really focused on ensuring that this is the best place to work. And we we've rewarded our teams. We talked last quarter about some of the additional compensation actions we've taken. We continue to do that. Recognize the strong performance.  We've invested in our facilities, training, we are recognized for world-class development training. It's just things that we continue to focus on. And that really has allowed us to have very, very strong retention of our teams. PPD is a very well-run business with a great leadership team that's navigating the environment while the business is performing very well.  There is no disruption to the integration. We're literally is lifting it as it is and running it as it is going forward. And over time, we're going to come up with some great new solutions that'll make a difference for customers, but this is a growth-oriented, customer-oriented, patients-benefit acquisition. The feedback that the PPD team that's getting on their colleagues is super positive and super excited and we're looking forward to the transition to our Company on the -- in the Fourth Quarter.
Marc Casper: We have very scale manufacturing facilities in China for China. And we also import a number of products into the market. And the way you can almost think about it is, if there is no local alternative for the products, you often see them imported into the country. If there is local alternatives, they often come from either our Chinese operations or other low cost regions around the world.  That's the way to think about. It's a 100% accurate as I'm sure there's some things that have low for competition that could shift into the country, but that's the strategy at a high level and that is the [Indiscernible]. We're well-positioned to support our Chinese customers. And in areas where the Chinese customers really want high degree of supply chain assuredness, things like single-use technologies. We built a very scale facility in Suzhou to be able to meet those needs.
Marc Casper: Yes.So Dan, good morning. In terms of pharma biotech, business performed really well. In terms of the growth that we are delivering with a 20% -- better than 20% growth in the quarter. What we're assuming -- this is the convention we use every year. We're assuming an average year-end spend across our customer base and we really don't get visibility until right after the thanksgiving holiday. So we use that convention and that's served us well. I think most years has been average or above average. There's 1 year that it was below average from our collection over the last number. That's how we think about it.
Marc Casper: So, Dan, it's not clear yet and I think that ARFA (ph) age concept is a really important concept for the U.S., right? The way to think about it is you have defense spending, right? And defense spending prepares for all of the what could happen [Indiscernible] invest in different technologies to defend the country [Indiscernible] -H is the healthcare equivalent. It's investments and things to anticipate future challenges, as opposed to typically our researchers solving clearly known challenges that you have now.  And so I think that the fact that we're going to longer-term funding that will prepare for the next pandemic or other future challenges. I think it's fantastic and will spurt great research. How that exactly it's going to be allocated, I haven't seen any available come out, but I haven't seen the details of how that's going to be done, and I know that the U.S. is not the only country that's talking about using vehicles like this. So I think this is one of the reasons that we're so excited about what the Scientific funding is going to be like going forward in our industry and we're incredibly well-positioned to serve that.
Marc Casper: So, Vijay, good morning. Thanks for the question. As I thought about the 2022, we obviously saw strength across our Company in Q3 and -- in the core and we flowed that entirely into the next year. And obviously, very strong performance in pharmabiotech, so that's very encouraging and it is obviously a large driver of that, but we saw, we could -- still could perform actually across the different parts of our business. So I don't want to say it reflects the portfolio of activities that we have is the way you think about the strength with core.
Marc Casper: So the guidance we've given here, it doesn't assume any significant U.S tax reform or other tax reform across the world. And we continue to monitor the changing dynamics closely in DC and advocate for changing needs to happen with the right change happens with -- with but have unintended consequences for the aggression. Revenue raise is being paid for but let's make sure if that's being done in a logical way. Company have a competitive advantage in that tax position versus other well-run companies and we expect that competitive advantage to be continued forward through whatever changes potentially can happen. So that's the best way to think about tax for the Company.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So Dan, thanks for the question. And in terms of the [Indiscernible] is painful for sure. In terms of bioproduction, exactly the opposite of that which is things that are extremely robust and doing very well. So when I think about the -- I'll give it at this the Biotech and pharmaceutical level. With a little bit over 20% growth in the quarter, you had a $510 million of vaccine and therapy revenue. We saw very strong growth, excluding the contribution from vaccines and therapies as well.  When you look to the Outlook, while we don't guide obviously by segment, we would expect that from a Biotech that continues to be very strong and we're expecting a meaningful level of growth coming from that in 2022 as well. The end-market looks very robust. Scientific discoveries are very strong. Customer demand is good, and we're seeing strong interest in our clinical trials. Packaging and logistics capabilities, that bodes well. Especially, the cycle is very good and we're well-positioned to capitalize on.  I think one of the things that maybe investors don't have a 100% understanding of, if you think about what the Company looks like upon close of PPD, we have about $20 billion of revenue serving pharmaceutical and biotech. But half of that is actually serving production. And when you think about that, that's the largest position serving the production market by far. And we obviously have very attractive positions in serving both clinical trials and the research activities as well. So we're well-positioned to deliver great growth into the future.
Marc Casper: You made me smile, which is good. We haven't even gotten into the period yet, which we'll get there right in terms, we're still working on 2021 right now. But when I think about the philosophy around the 7 to 9 is the exact same philosophy that we had when we had the continued increase in growth over time at the Company. Which is you sign up for targets when you are able to do and you demonstrated you're delivering it and you have confidence in your ability to do that. And we have great confidence in our ability to deliver the 7% to 9% growth.  We're not going to cap ourselves at the 7 to 9, right? So we're going to focus on delivering as much as we can and deliver great performance. And we'll look at the strength of our end-markets and what's our share gains look like and set the appropriate annual targets. But we felt that 7 to 9 was an appropriate number. One that we have a high degree of confidence in the ability to deliver and with the goal to work to the biggest possible number we can overtime.
Marc Casper: So, Puneet, when I think about how we've done our outlook on vaccine and therapy, it really is based on dialogue with our customers and orders that they have given us. Some of -- some 100% on work, and some are going to say we are going to give you the work on the paperwork and some of it is in the orders. So it's less about children or boosters are those things and actually what our customer you are saying, the activity that they want. But obviously things like vaccine mandates and booster shots and children adds to the durability of the demand for vaccines and therapies. We're largely operating with our capacity so you don't get short-term swings in the volumes based on new pronouncements or you get them over time. So that's how we thought about it.
Marc Casper: In general, Puneet, we have, in-flight. The activities that we need to meet the anticipated demand. Obviously, we're going to complete a lot of these projects during the course of 2022. A little bit goes into 2023. But it's largely what we have started already. If there are specific opportunities that are part of our longer-term roadmap that makes a difference. You may see us evaluate them, but there's not a long list of those. We've been very aggressive to position ourselves to meet our customers future needs. And the commitments we've gotten and that puts us in a great spot. So, that's how we thought about. So let me --
Marc Casper: Wrap it up here and I want to thank everybody for participating and with a strong nine months behind us, we're in a great position to achieve another excellent year. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to updating you early in 2022. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Certainly M&A in the quarter. That's just continued revenue from Mesa. That business is performing well.
Stephen Williamson: Nice we've continued good performance at business and bookings growth strong in the quarter and outlook for Q4 and '22 look very positive.
Stephen Williamson: Just to clarify, so [Indiscernible] within the guidance rate for next year, it's basically up $250 million, which includes 190 from the base plus $60 million more vaccine therapies. The combination of all of that is 250 for the core and then slightly decreased because of FX, less tailwind. The strength of the base business and back-end therapy that's being carried forward into '22.
