Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, as a reminder – Tycho, thanks for the question. We have three businesses in our Analytical Instruments business: materials and structural analysis which is electron microscopy and spectroscopy; chromatography mass spectrometry and chemical analysis. All three businesses had double-digit growth; very strong quarter. It was great to see continued momentum in electron microscopy; orders were strong. Chromo mass spec really doing a great job. And chemical analysis actually really had a terrific quarter. So great strength across the businesses.
Marc N. Casper: The end markets are fantastic, Tycho, and we see that across geographically, we see it across the four end markets. The company is executing very well. I feel very proud of how our colleagues are working around the world. And we are gaining share across a large number of businesses, and that bodes well for an excellent 2019. So we're super excited. And of course, we look forward to giving the guidance and all the details. We'll do that in late January next year. But outlook is great.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Ross, another very strong quarter in pharma and biotech. And from a business perspective, bioproduction was very strong, chromatography and mass spectrometry, the research channel and our pharma services business, which includes both clinical trials and legacy Patheon, all had very good quarters. And if I omitted any, it wasn't because they didn't have good quarters. We saw excellent momentum across our portfolio. The way I think about the end market is we have very scale relationships with these customers, whether they're smaller companies or larger ones. Commercially, we serve them in a different way. We have great access to the decision-makers because of the scale of those relationships. And every time we bring a new capability in, it allows us for yet another dialog across the whole portfolio, not just what we add to it organically or inorganically, and that has driven great momentum in the business. So, the [objectives] that we outlined in 2006 in terms of how we're going to serve pharma and biotech, it keeps getting better and better in terms of our performance and, obviously, the underlying end market is strong as well.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Jack, thanks for the question. China was very strong and another better than 20% quarter. It's better than 20% year-to-date. Bookings once again grew faster than revenue; positive book-to-bill. Reviewed with the team the performance and they feel very good about the outlook. In terms of pulled forward, we're not seeing anything, nothing that we've noticed out of the ordinary in terms of customer buying behavior. But looking forward, as I mentioned earlier, I'll be in China next week and seeing a number of customers, spending time with the team, (34:20) government, things of that sort. It's a great market and we're so incredibly well positioned to serve the various segments from food safety to life sciences to diagnostics. It's just a great market that's served us well in the past, and we look forward to a great future.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Jack. Thanks for that. This is an important question. Thank you. So, in terms of the outlook, for Q4, what's implied in our guidance is that we increased our Q4 outlook by about 1 point, as Stephen mentioned, organically. So, when I think about what's assumed, obviously, we're a few weeks into the quarter, so we have good visibility into how things are shaping up. And the assumption on year-end money is the exact same assumption that we've used all year, and it's our normal convention, which is that we will see normal year-end spend relative to the very strong year-end spend we saw last year. And if we see a strong year-end spend or a budget flush beyond sort of the normal, then this will truly be yet another just a spectacular quarter and, either way, we're going to have a fantastic year and setting ourselves up for a great 2019. So, we won't know the budget flush numbers until a couple of weeks left in the year, so it's one of those things where normal is the right way to think about how you do guidance and, if it's better, great, and if it's not, then we're well-positioned to achieve our numbers.
Marc N. Casper: Mike, thanks for the question. In terms of share gain, we're growing faster than the rate of growth in China. That's through a geographic lens. I would say we're also growing probably faster than the rate of growth in North America as well. From an end market perspective, we're growing faster from a pharma and biotech than others and, from a product perspective, it's fairly broad-based, but it's nice to see continued really strong growth in chromatography and mass spectrometry, that's done very nicely. Our biosciences business is something I featured in our last quarter's call, continues to have great momentum. So that's another area. And bioproduction, looking at what's been reported in terms of results from a couple of companies that reported so far, we grew faster than those that have reported. So, those would be examples.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Doug, thanks for the question. So, the value proposition has done very well in more than just pharma; biotech business has obviously done exceptional there. It's done very well in serving the reference lab accounts around the world from a diagnostics and healthcare perspective where they're very focused on productivity. That's been a big driver. Your big industrial companies also are big adopters of the methodology; the chemical, petrochemical, those types of customers also. So that's a customer lens. But, interestingly enough, when you think about those other segments, our geographic strategy of leveraging our scale in Asia-Pacific and the high-growth regions, that really has served those three end markets incredibly well because we just provided an amazing experience in terms of service and support because of our scale to those markets, and that's allowed us to drive very strong growth beyond just pharma and biotech.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. We're performing very well. The end markets are good, right? And we're executing well and our customers really value what we do for them and that's driven good share gains. So, as you parse through the end markets, we're clearly growing faster than others and that's good performance. When I think about the three-year outlook, we're going to finish this year stronger than what we assumed in the May Analyst Meeting. So, our jumping off point is going to be great. And the fundamentals of our industry are fantastic, right? So, we are excited about the long-term prospects that we outlined in May and we're very well positioned to deliver those results and continue to create significant shareholder value. If I think about how this year has unfolded and am I surprised? No, I'm not surprised. The team has done a really good job. I think the amount of dialog that we've been able to generate post the acquisition of Patheon has been very good for as, for the whole business. It really has just reenergized excitement in the pharma and biotech end market, which was – been doing really well, so I think that's been really good. And I would say that the North American market is doing better than what we've seen for a number of years, right? And I can't tell you whether that's tax reform or what the underlying driver is, but fundamentally, our North American business is growing at a rate that's better than what we've seen and that really is terrific. So, we feel good about how the year's shaping up. We feel good about our outlook and we're super excited about the midterm outlook as well, as well as long term.
Marc N. Casper: So, Steve, in terms of the growth rate for pharma services, it's an attractive market. It's got good growth prospects. We're performing well; the business is actually growing faster than what we assumed in the deal model and the outlook looks good. I believe that a company like Thermo Fisher, given its trusted relationships that we've built over a very long time, will have a huge impact on changing the dynamic in the industry. The dialog is certainly very positive, but it hasn't happened yet in terms of change in the structural dynamics of the industry at this point. It's more in the early phases of enthusiasm and exploratory conversations. It's good to see that the revenue synergies actually have materialized faster, right? And remember that it's a very long cycle business. So, what we have is not only what showed up in the P&L, but we have visibility to what the longer-term growth is and it looks good, because the customer feedback is positive. So we'll continue to execute to really drive good growth and good profitability into the business. And Stephen will talk a little bit about margins.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, absolutely, Dan. The environment is good. It's nice to see how NIH has been funded. I think it's been 20 years or so since NIH had its budget locked up in advance of the fiscal year. It's a long time. So, having clarity going into the first nine months of 2019 on a budget increase is really excellent. And obviously, we're excited about the cryo-electron microscopy program that got $130 million of allocation earlier in the year on a multiyear basis. So that bodes well for us as well. So the market conditions are good in North America. It's flowing through our business and we feel good about that. And we continue to see a good outlook for academic and government around the world.
Marc N. Casper: So, thanks. Materials and structural analysis had a very good quarter. Electron microscopy, a portion of that business, had a very good quarter. And the materials science applications, which includes semiconductor and all of the other things from batteries to all of the basic materials science research, did very well. We had good growth in the pieces of it. So it's broad-based strength. And we feel well-positioned to serve the semiconductor market, and also because China, in particular, is building up a large infrastructure to support their own semiconductor needs that bodes well for some period of time ahead.
Marc N. Casper: Patrick, thank you for the question. Chemical analysis is probably our instrument business that probably has the best sort of what's going on purely from a macro GDP perspective; very, very strong Q3 and good bookings growth. Won some nice mining orders which will ship in the future. I always like to look at mining because it gives you a sense of sort of what the longer-term outlook is. And when you see growth there, that typically is positive. So the signs that we see are good, right? And it was nice to deliver high-single digit growth in the industrial and applied markets. So, we pay attention to all of the other macro trends, but in our business things continue to look very good.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. It's a good question. So, we provided like super-granular detail on tariffs and it will probably stop at some point because the point of doing that is, this category of products is not the focus of what the tariffs are in China in particular because the Chinese government needs these products to advance their initiatives, right? So many of these categories aren't tariffed and it's not been a huge economic impact. And what we've done is we have increased pricing in certain places. We are making adjustments to our supply chain. That takes a little longer obviously, but we're comfortable in our ability to fully offset that impact in 2018 and then make the structural changes that we need to make, if any, to position ourselves for great success going forward.
Marc N. Casper: We got high-single digit growth in Europe. Business is performing well. I was in Europe towards the end of the quarter; met with customers, met with our teams. They feel good about the environment. I'm heading back in November. And the business is performing well.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, we'll get into more of the details when we close the transaction. It's about a $100 million business; very complementary to our offering in bioproduction. As a reminder, we're the market leader in single-use technologies and in the cell culture media. The supplements, which is what this business is that we're acquiring, used in conjunction with media allows customers to get better yields and reduce variability in the production process. So it's very positive. It's one of those things where it's one plus one equals more than two because you are able to leverage the customer relationships were each company has strength, you're able to optimize offerings, you're able to leverage the expertise of both commercial teams and those relationships. So we're really excited about it and it'll be a nice accretive transaction to the business.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Dan. Thanks for the question. Effectively, every biotech and pharmaceutical customer around the world has some relationship with Thermo Fisher Scientific today. But what we're seeing is that the multiproduct line and service line relationships, we're just getting larger and larger relationships where customers are just working with us and more and more service lines because our businesses are doing a good job of creating value for them, and therefore they want to work with this more closely. And because of the scale of our company, the depth of our offering and the ability to really have very, very meaningful relationships in terms of impact with those customers, they want to spend more time with us and that creates new opportunities. So, that's how I think about it. And we're seeing great momentum across the customer base from that perspective.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, the pipeline is quite busy, so I feel good about it, and I think the short-term ups and downs of the macro probably don't have a very significant effect on the M&A environment. So, it's our job to apply our strict criteria and identify the right opportunities that are going to strengthen the company and create shareholder value. And I feel good about the one transaction we've closed, the two that we're in the late stage of finalizing, and the many interesting ones we're looking at. So we're well-positioned. Interestingly enough, what's nice as we go into the year is we de-levered from over 4.4 times leverage a year ago to 3.1 times leverage. As we enter 2019, we have a lot of firepower and we'll be able to capitalize on that on the right opportunity. So, it's a very exciting time from a capital deployment perspective.
Marc N. Casper: So, let me wrap up the call. With three strong quarters behind us, we're in a very strong position to achieve a very successful 2018. As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter call. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. So, in terms of margins in the current quarter, the business mix is really driven by the very high growth across the company. All businesses grew well, but just in terms of the relative growth and the relative profitability of the parts created some of the mix dynamics. So, Specialty Diagnostics, which had a great quarter for diagnostics, but was significantly below the company average, but higher than the average profit margin so that put some mix pressure on the reported margins. And then in the Lab Products and Services, we got some relatively lower profitability service lines, for example, the channel which had exceptional growth, and that also then created some reported mix pressure in the margins. Overall, we grew adjusted operating income dollars 12%, which is really what counts at the end of the day, but in terms what the noise, in terms of the mix of how that came through. As think about Q4, we're looking at more – a tighter range of organic growth across the businesses, so there's less mix dynamic. Also sequentially, Q3 to Q4, as you said, we've got the pharma services business will be significantly more profitable due to the non-repeat of the impact of the hurricane that we had in Q3 last year. It's one of the largest pieces to that. So those are the main drivers.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. So, in terms of the investments, given the strong market conditions and our strong top line growth, we're taking the opportunity to selectively increase investments in a few of the businesses to help maximize long-term growth prospects. So the additional investments are really in four businesses: biosciences, chrome and mass spec, electron microscopy, and pharma services where we're on great growth trajectory and we believe, by selective additional growth investments, we can continue that business momentum. And so the investments are really made to accelerate R&D commercial effectiveness programs and scale up production capacity.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. So, Steve, in terms of the margins, actually Ross's question earlier about the sequential change Q3 to Q4, I highlighted in 2018 the non-repeat of the impact of the hurricane. The other piece for 2018 and the sequential part in our margins is that, for the first nine months, we've been basically bringing in Patheon's financials into the company, incorporating them into the overall company. That's put a pressure on margins of about 90 basis points in the quarter. We're through the anniversary date now, so you don't get that impact going forward. It's just natural margin expansion from that business and the impact of synergies, plus the benefit of the hurricane. So Q4 would be strong margin expansion. As the outlook for 2019, we think about the strong growth in that business both from a market standpoint plus the additional action of the share gain that we're taking in terms of setting up and the synergies, that strong growth will print at a good margin coming into that business to expand – basically, to expand the margins of the pharma services group. So, you'll see that come in the overall margin expansion of the company in 2019 and beyond.
Stephen Williamson: So, in total, its $0.08; it's roughly $15 million in Q3 and $20 million in Q4. So, we're going to be investing in these businesses appropriately given the top line environment and the long-term outlook. So there will be some continuation going forward, but that's matched with good growth prospects for the businesses.
