Marc N. Casper: Yes. I would say that, as you look at the industrial businesses, Tycho, they continue to be soft for us. We declined in the low single digits, and we didn't see an inflection point in the quarter. So as I look at the 3 months, basically remained weak. Bookings were softer than revenue for our industrial customer base. So it was pretty consistent as a soft end market, so we haven't seen that positive turn yet.
Marc N. Casper: I think we've learned over the years that when you start talking about billing days, it gets in a circle that is not worth doing. Yes, there were some impact from billing days, but you had some things like the flu that helped and other offsets. So I think it's all lost in the noise.
Marc N. Casper: So on the pharmaceutical and biotech customers, this is driven by really share of wallet with the existing customers. It's not about big customer wins. It's about just expanding the impact that we're having with our customers, and we clearly are gaining good momentum. I would say that our value proposition is really resonating quite well with that customer set. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the greatest strength has really been in the clinical trials, logistics and BioProcess Production. We saw some good progress in instrumentation, but clearly softer than those other 2 businesses.
Marc N. Casper: From a capital deployment standpoint, as we highlighted last week, our intention, once we close the Life transaction, is to spend the first 2 years in the mode of debt repayment to get our leverage ratios back to our target of between 2.5x and 3x leverage, and after that, returning back to our more historical returns of capital. I would say that when we look at the world today, if we were right -- if we were through that period of close the transaction, did our 2 years of debt repayment, we would have a higher emphasis on dividends than buybacks. So I think that's -- would be appropriate, but I think given that we're talking probably 2.5 years out, what you're going to hear is a strong commitment on return of capital. As it gets closer, we'll refine our thinking. We plan on continuing to focus on increasing our dividends in line with our growth and earnings in the meantime.
Marc N. Casper: So Ross, thanks for the question. First of all, the big factor is, one way or another, that's going to swing the results off of the midpoint, is going to be the strength of the end markets, right. So if we see a positive inflection point in industrials or negative, that's going to be a major swing factor. And then obviously, if there's ever a resolution later in the year on sequestration of some sort, that obviously can be a positive swing factor as well. So that's -- more of the end markets is going to be the delta. As we went through that process of thinking about guidance, basically, our conclusion was the team executed extremely well. We had been taking restructuring actions, as we mentioned at the beginning of the year. We had some additional ones ready to go, should U.S. government not be able to solve sequestration. So things that we just wanted to get a definitive view on, and we implemented those actions. So yes, I mean, the world has its challenges. The end markets are on the lower end of our guidance. The Japanese yen is a real headwind, but our team is doing a real good job of gaining share in biopharma and managing the cost base well. So that's how we thought about our guidance for the year.
Marc N. Casper: I would say that our customers are clearly looking for ways to navigate their own funding challenges, and that is a huge advantage for us. And as we've said for a while, we really optimized the commercial relationship with our big biopharma customers, and then have expanded it to other customer sets. So I think we're particularly well-positioned to grow with customers that are trying to drive productivity and accelerate innovation. So I feel very good about that. And I think the results there show, at least in the biopharma, show that we clearly are performing extremely well relative to the market, where I would think the market growth is quite muted in that customer set.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, when you look at our customer set, we have industrial and we have applied markets there, right. So industrial was generally soft around the world, softest in Europe of that group, but generally soft. And if you get down to a further level of detail, kind of the basic infrastructure type products that we provide, certain metals and scrap and those types of things, were soft in the quarter, as a representative example. So that's -- basically what we see now for a couple of quarters is a continued soft market. On applied, there were some interesting pockets of strength, which is also consistent with what we've seen. Food safety continues to be very positive and very good, as I mentioned in my thoughts about China, and environmental's doing very well for us. The publicity in terms of the air quality problems in China, in particular, but elsewhere as well, is leading to very, very strong growth for us in a very attractive market.
Marc N. Casper: So when we talk to -- we talk to a lot of our customers obviously, and in the academic and government, we think that as the year continues on, it will get more challenging, because, effectively, we only had 1 month of sequestration in Q1. So when you look at it, we declined just slightly in the quarter, and when you remember back to our February guidance, we said we expect low single-digit declines in that customer set. So we're expecting, as you have the typical 3 months of sequestration in each of the remaining quarters, that end market's a little bit tighter and that's how we've been planning and why we took some additional contingency actions.
Marc N. Casper: So a couple of things. The $10 million -- we did a lot more than $10 million in terms of belt tightening, right. We've done a lot of things in addition, but when we called out the $10 million, that's pure restructuring-type activities. So we obviously manage our costs quite tightly, Steve. But as end markets get more and more muted, you continue to get tighter and tighter so that you're protecting the quality of the company going forward. We have 39,000 amazing employees here. So that belt tightening happens first, and then restructuring is a secondary type set of actions. So right now, we're doing what we think is the right level for the end markets, and obviously if the end markets get to a more challenging situation, we'll do what's appropriate for the long-term health of the company.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So if we look at the 3 acquisitions, clearly, Dionex is, from an ROIC perspective, is moving ahead of schedule versus the model. Phadia is pretty much on track, a little bit softer overall top line performance, which we've highlighted in previous calls, much better cash flow, tax planning, integration work that has offset it. One Lambda is doing quite well, is on track, and that integration has gone very smoothly. So I feel good about, in general, how those acquisitions are proceeding.
Marc N. Casper: That's a great question. I would say that if you look at our current spend, the majority of our R&D spend is in our analytical instruments businesses. We spend substantial R&D dollars to support our chromatography and mass spectrometry portfolio, and as you know, it's done very well over the years. We obviously have a number of R&D programs that are significant in things like developing next-generation biomarkers, our new novel biomarkers and a number of technologies across Specialty Diagnostics. When you look at our Biosciences portfolio, there, we obviously have a smaller level of spend, and we'll look at ways to take the best thinking between the combined companies with Life Technologies over time and the integration, to develop really interesting novel products that make a difference for our customers. I would say that the integration teams will work to optimize how we want to spend R&D going forward, and we're looking forward to kicking off that process, really in earnest, starting next week.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, order of magnitude, $800-ish million business, in that kind of range. It's growing consistently high single digits well into the double-digit growth, is what we've been experiencing there. We don't really have much competition. We're probably 3x to 4x the next largest competitor. Mostly, it's about customers taking in-house activities and driving that activity to us. Why this business is doing so well is, effectively, we've used our scale to build the highest quality, lowest-cost provider of these services. So we simply are able to do this more effectively than the in-house capabilities, and more and more of our customers are relying on us for that activity. So it's been a really excellent organic growth story for us for quite a number of years, and we feel good about how our team is executing there to build out that business.
Marc N. Casper: Nothing that jumps outs particularly, either on the positive or negative, in terms of what's going on with our CRO base.
Marc N. Casper: So, Doug, in terms of when we get to major milestones, we'll definitely provide updates. So as we get through the major ones, we'll do that. In terms of the customer feedback, basically, the message -- I've spoken to a number of customers and the feedback is they're really looking forward to working with us once the transaction closes. So it's very good.
Marc N. Casper: We had very strong growth in Q1 in our life sciences mass spec business so I think our team is executing very well.
Marc N. Casper: I think it's a little too soon to tell how that's going to -- if that's going to -- bifurcate is going to happen or not. We didn't see a particular pattern. Obviously, our scientific advisory board is made up of those folks that come out of the really premier universities, and I have a huge amount of dialogue with them. And they articulated that they are feeling some of the pressure as well. So I'm not sure that we have haves and have-nots. I think people are being mindful of their budgets.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so in terms of our lab products and services segment, it's made up of 3 businesses: our channel, our lab products business, our Biopharma Services business. Clearly, Biopharma Services, which is the clinical trials outsourcing business, is doing very well. The other businesses are doing fine, but feel more pressure from the academic and government muted spending, so they feel that pressure, and I think that they are doing a good job of executing in that more challenging environment. The combination between the 2 companies is really more focused on the higher tech aspects of our business. It's really the combination of the strength of our Specialty Diagnostics, our Analytical Technologies and Life Technologies creating an innovation powerhouse. There obviously are some customer benefits. It's very powerful to have the leading e-commerce channel, which we have from the broad catalog view with the leading e-commerce channel that Life Technologies brings from a customer application view. Having that all in one company is incredibly compelling, and our job, once we close the transaction, will be to really bring that benefit to life, no pun intended, for our customers, so that they can shop by workflow and buy what they need or they can shop a broad set of capabilities through our channel and get it that way. So it's more of the holistic view of putting the companies together, is how we thought about it.
Marc N. Casper: It's less of a cost savings in that particular case. There are other things that will drive our cost efficiencies, but it's more about giving customers the easiest way to buy things. And I think maybe to make the example most real is, there's a lot of shop by experiment, shop by application capabilities within the Life Technologies e-commerce platform, and there are many things that we produce at Thermo Fisher, in our chemicals and in our lab consumables, that are very naturally used in those workflows, which Life Technologies doesn't make today. So you can imagine a customer just adding different things to their shopping cart simply because that's how they want to do the experiment, and I think that gives us a really nice share gain opportunity over time.
Marc N. Casper: No, not really. I mean, if you think about the relationships that we have, I mean, customers like working with us. We have great relationships. A lot of the calls were inbound, just congratulating us. A few of them were outbound from [ph] me as a courtesy, but it's more about their enthusiasm post-close to talk about this stuff. On the sequencing side, it's obviously -- it's an exciting business, but we're not getting into that level of granularity. We're still 2 separate companies and focused on each running our own businesses.
Marc N. Casper: The answer is yes. I mean, it is gaining traction in the U.S. as well. Interestingly enough, the uptick in China is spectacular, and I think it's a matter of really trying to triage patients very quickly in the ER setting. We had very good success across the country of getting the opinion leaders to just go from hospital to hospital and basically articulate why the sepsis screening, right up front for a very sick patient, why dealing with it that way makes sense. So we've seen huge demand. In the U.S., we're going through the traditional market development process that we have for all of our other -- our assays, and we clearly are seeing good growth as well.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. What I would say is, in my commentary specifically, that the bookings continue to be soft, means, especially given the lead times of this, that certainly, the conditions here are going to continue to be similar, at least for the next quarter, and it's a little less clear if we're going to see an inflection point for later in the year. We haven't assumed one in how we thought about our guidance so -- but we haven't seen any signs yet that we're seeing a positive turn.
Marc N. Casper: That business is growing. Rates right now are similar to what we're seeing in China. So it's a much smaller business, but doing quite well.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, we did have a good quarter, in terms of the Japan pollen season was stronger certainly than last year. We do have large exposure to Southern Europe. That's been a headwind for us. So I think we are factoring in for the rest of the year, Southern Europe continues to be soft, but the key growth drivers continue to develop positively as the year unfolds.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap it up. First, we're very pleased with the start to the year with a very solid Q1 performance. I think our teams executed very well in spite of the challenging economic environment. Our growth strategy's clearly working, and it's helping us to gain share. We're clearly very excited about our pending acquisition of Life Technologies and the new opportunities that the combination will create, and certainly welcoming our new colleagues to the company after the close of the transaction. And as always, I'd like to thank you for your continued support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and we're looking forward to updating you at our Analyst Meeting in May. Thanks, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: So I'll answer that one. In terms of the end markets, it's basically very similar or the same as what we had in our last quarter call. So pharma and biotech, kind of mid- to high- single digits; academic and government, down low single digits; industrial and applied, flat to down low single digits; and health care and diagnostics, low- to mid-single digits; and then in North America, low single digits; Europe, bordering around flat; Asia Pacific, mid- to high- single digits and the rest of the world, low double digits.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, I mean, there's not a lot of consumable business in industrial. It's a very, very small piece of that business.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, so in the second half of the year, we do have a little bit easier comps. So if it stays at this level or deteriorates, we can basically hold our current organic growth rate in industrial.
Peter M. Wilver: It's about 15 basis points in the quarter, as we had expected. It's pretty much flat across the year, so that's the same number for the full year.
Peter M. Wilver: So pricing is pretty consistent with what we've been seeing, really, for the last couple of years. We did have positive price in the quarter, less than 50 basis points contribution to the growth rate. But it did contribute positively to the bottom line, and I would expect that to be the case for the rest of the year.
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. I mean, basically, the big story was mix. In the gross margin level, it was about 100 basis points of headwind on gross margin. And then as I said, the medical device tax was about 15 basis points, so that was the big impact there. FX didn't actually impact gross margin that much in the quarter. It impacted more on the operating margin level.
Peter M. Wilver: So Marc addressed the dividend question earlier on the call, but in terms of returning to share buybacks, we're focused on paying down debt in 2014 and 2015 basically. So we wouldn't initiate any return of capital other than dividends until after we're down in that 2.5% to 3% range, which should be later in the year in 2015.
Peter M. Wilver: So in terms of the SG&A percent of revenue in the quarter, that's going to pretty close approximate what we're expecting for the full year, so around 22% or a little bit under maybe. And then in terms of Specialty Diagnostics, we had very good margin in the quarter. For the full year, we would expect it to be just a little lower than that, probably in the mid-26s instead of the 27.5%.
