Marc Casper: Yes. We had a very good year in pharmaceutical and biotech with high single-digit growth for the year, and in the fourth quarter was 10%. So, when I think about the fourth quarter, we really had strong quarter across the board, biosciences, analytical instruments, our research channel all did very well; bioproduction was very strong; clinical trials business, logistics business also grew, so really very positive. The way I see, the customers really understand the value we bring and we continue to gain share there. From a bioproduction standpoint, it was a good year for bioproduction, grew above the Company average. And as you know, we’re very bullish about the mid and long term prospects for that business; it’s got great tailwinds from a macro perspective. And we like the way we finished the year with a quarter of very strong growth.
Marc Casper: The Lab Products and Services, really a very strong performance across all of the businesses. Our channel business had a very good end to the year. And sequentially, really one of the big drivers was our clinical trials logistic businesses returned to nice growth, right. As we mentioned a year plus ago, we’re going to have a difficult first three quarters just based on a large study cancelation late in 2016. So, once we anniversaried that, you saw that business, which was great tailwind, returned to nice growth. So that’s probably the biggest sequential change in that business.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, academic and government was very strong in the quarter. We saw a good growth across all of the key geographies and we saw really good growth in our analytical instruments, particularly mass spectrometry and electron microscopy in that segment.
Marc Casper: So, Ross, thanks for the question. And obviously, the end markets are good. And the biggest change really in 2017 was that industrial and applied turned back to mid single digit growth. So, that helps the industry, and obviously we benefited from it. But, we are performing much stronger over the last couple of years, as you highlighted, based on the success of the growth strategy. And when I think about last year, we delivered 5% organic growth and we would have delivered 5% organic growth even if you took out the contribution from FEI in the organic growth. So, we had a really strong year across the business. And it was really good execution. Our channel business had another really good year, when you look at our analytical instruments business, strength across the portfolio, and it was a good year on spend. So, all of those factors contributed to a very strong 2017, and it’s another step up in performance in terms of our strategy.
Marc Casper: We continue to expect that China is going to be our fastest growing major geography within the Company. Our book to bill was above 1 in China and momentum is strong. There is a tremendous amount of interest in the diagnostics area, expanding healthcare and the applied markets, food safety, environmental protection. We’re obviously benefiting a little bit from the industrial recovery as well, but it’s really the alignment with the five-year plan that’s driving the strong growth. And while we obviously will have a challenging comparison in 2018 in China, the team is off to a good start.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, I guess, the way I characterized the quarter, no real hurricane catch-up; we didn’t see a significant impact in Q3 and it might be a small amount but really nothing creating the noise. The seasonal products were very strong. So, that’s probably about half a percentage point in the quarter and then it’s really about year-over-year spending at the end of the year by our customers, was slightly weaker last year, saw a good strength this year. So, maybe, in total a couple of points.
Marc Casper: Derik, in terms of next gen sequencing, represents just under 2% of our revenue in kind of order of magnitude. It’s a business that is growing reasonably well. We’ve had a lot of good product launches during the course of 2017. At the very beginning of this year, we announced a new line of sequencers, two new Oncomine panels, one focused on immuno-oncology, which is obviously very important; and one focused on liquid biopsy. The early feedback from customers on all of the new products is very positive. We’re also launching in chemistry for our sequencers. Terms of Illumina obviously they have a very large install base of instruments. And our amplification chemistry is very well regarded. And we made the decision to supply them with those chemistries so that they can mark it on their install base. And we felt like that’s a good growth opportunity. And given the fact that we continue to launch new products, we were comfortable with that combination of moves.
Marc Casper: Yes. We’re open for business and being here time, we’ve never been closed. But, we have a very active pipeline. And part of the reason the way we financed the Patheon acquisition was we issued some level -- modest level of equity as part of that, so that we would never take ourselves out of the market at this point in time, because the Patheon integration really is only one narrow part of the Company. So, we felt like we had the management bandwidth to push through good opportunities. And so, we’re in that mode. We really have a substantial amount of capacity. So, I don’t feel constrained financially in terms of deal size from that perspective. In terms of ROI on transactions, as you’ve heard me say in the past, when valuations are higher, we always have used the criteria that we don’t do bad transactions, meaning that we really focus on the downside scenario of the transaction and ensure that we’re going to drive good returns, even if something doesn’t work out. So, it does inform the kinds of transactions that we do in this type of market. And if you look at it, we avoided speculative transactions, we bought really great businesses. FEI is a good example where it’s a business that we spent years looking at and thinking about, understanding the business and bought it at a part of the cycle where it was growing around 3%, we were able to grow it in the first year of ownership in the strong double digits. And that’s kind of a nose we have for M&A. So, we’ll buy things that we feel we understand the downside scenario with and are going to make good returns for our shareholders on ROI under all the different scenarios that are possible.
Marc Casper: So, I’ve never heard someone say to answer that question. So, that’s a first. So, Doug, I guess, the year’s off to a good start consistent with our guidance. When I look at how bookings were for the last year, they were above 1. So, we enter the year with a good backlog, and there’s nothing unusual about how the year started that would indicate some sort of customer pull forward or something that was meaningful. So, I think that’s the view. In terms of bioproduction, it’s a business we’ve been in for a very, very long time. We really don’t spend a lot of intellectual energy around quarter-to-quarter movements there because customers shouldn’t pull forward and push out orders all the time. What I would say is that the pipeline is strong, the business had a very good year and the customer activity is really positive. So, we feel good about the outlook for that business for 2018 and feel like the end was a good sign. But, we don’t get too hung up on as a quarter strong or weak. It’s business as lumpy and that’s why I said the mid-term and long-term look really excellent for us.
Marc Casper: Yes. Jack, thank you for the question, good morning. In terms of performance services business or Patheon, the customer feedback has been incredibly positive and we’re having meaningful dialogue with a number of customers. This is a business that doesn’t turn quickly in terms of there’s a long process of getting products, tech transfer and things of that sort. But nonetheless, the early feedback is very good and the revenue synergy work -- we already have achieved some revenue synergies between our clinical trials logistics business and our new pharma services capabilities. So, those are happening and they will ramp up over time. We have really interesting work going on with our bioproduction business and the biologics portion of that business as well. So, we’re very bullish about the revenue growth outlook in the midterm for that business. On the tax side of the equation, I think really the pharmaceutical customers have to think through how does the tax law change their manufacturing strategy because a lot of their older strategies were about putting plants in low tax jurisdictions of which some of the advantages to those are no longer as compelling. And therefore, it’s possible that opens up new opportunities over time. So, that’s something that we will continue to explore with our customers.
Marc Casper: Yes. As we’ve thought about the outlook for the year, we felt good about the 4 to 5% initial guidance for organic growth. And the way we think about it is, as the year unfolds, obviously we adjust the guidance. We felt like -- we like the way the end markets are, we like the way the year ended, we obviously feel good about our orders as well. The things that we will pay attention to later in the year is we’re going to have a challenging fourth quarter comparison because of the year-end. So, we’re assuming in the guidance a normal year-end spend as opposed to the very strong year-end spend. So, that’s one we’re not going to know obviously until the fourth quarter, but that would be one of the factors. And then, obviously, if GDP growth continues to accelerate, which appears to be accelerating around the world that obviously could be a tailwind as well. And you could flip it the other way on what would be things that would be headwinds would be if it goes in the opposite direction.
Marc Casper: So, in terms of looking back, and then I will talk looking forward. Looking back in the second half, we obviously had good new products across the portfolio. So, that’s a contributor, mass spectrometry big beneficiary, electron microscopy as well. The other thing in second half is our chemical analysis business, particularly our handheld portable instruments, which kind of represents short cycle industrial recovery, was very good. So, it was very broad base in terms of the growth and the instruments business throughout the year and in the second half. As I think about 2018 and FEI and how to think about it. FEI had very strong growth; our electron microscopy had very strong growth in 2017. That makes for a challenging comparison this year. We anticipate that the business will be a contributor to our growth and grow above the Company average during the course of this year. So, it’s how we would think about it, based on a spectacular 2017, and we see momentum continuing into 2018, but obviously not as big of contributor because of the comparison.
Marc Casper: In terms of Puerto Rico, we don’t believe that we will see a pickup in Q1 at normal rates. But, the customers effectively had big products they had to source, so likely bought the product form other source at that point. We may see a little bit of uptick during the course of the year, but I wouldn’t think that’s a particularly big factor. Underlying growth for the Patheon business for 2017, if you -- obviously not in our numbers but mid single digit year-over-year growth for that business. So, solid growth here and obviously they had headwind. So, I feel good about performance there.
Marc Casper: Every year we’re always working to maximize the performance of the Company and strengthen the strategic position. And as we go into the year, we feel good about the outlook. And historically, we’ve generally been around 4% as our opening view on organic growth; and this year, obviously, we did 4% to 5%. So, it reflects the momentum. And we’ll drive to the best possible performance. Patheon is not a big contributor to our organic growth this year; it doesn’t flow in until the final four months of the year. So, while it’ll contribute, it is not going to contribute meaningfully to organic growth this year. So, we’re going to deliver four really strong quarters, and we’ll see ultimately where that winds up in terms of organic growth.
Marc Casper: In Amazon, we take it extraordinarily seriously, right? And we’ve taken it extraordinarily seriously over the last five years as they thought about and tried different things in this market, and they’ve largely been unsuccessful, and there’re reasons for that. And I think a lot of the reasons for that is that we’re relentlessly focused on doing a great job for our customers. And many of you have heard me say, we’re the Amazon of scientific supplies. We do a great job of aggregating a complex set of categories, providing a very cost effective way for our customers to drive productivity, world-class logistics, on-site personnel handling very technically difficult products, hazardous fluids, refrigeration, we have great supplier relationships. And at the end of the day, we’ve built an amazing web capability to make it very easy for our customers to transact with us. So, we’ll take it very seriously. We have seen momentum from Amazon. And we’ve had great performance in our channel business the last couple of years and ended on the strong note. So, we’ll continue to pay attention to it, but feel good about our competitive position.
Marc Casper: In terms of the outlook for academic and government for the year, we’re assuming in our guidance low to mid single digit growth. We’re assuming that we will get a budget at some point in the year and that in that there’d be a modest level of growth. And that’s why you have the range for the segment between low and mid single digits, just depends on when a budget gets passed. I did have a chance to meet with NIH leadership recently. And they’re operating under a stable environment and expect over time when the budget gets passed, it should get better. If I think about the other end markets, diagnostics and health care, we’re also assuming low to mid single digit growth for this year; pharma and biotech, we’re assuming mid to high single digit; in industrial, we’re assuming mid single digit. It kind of gives you a holistic view of the year.
Marc Casper: So, let me wrap up the call with a couple of quick comments, the first of which is I’d like to thank Seth Hoogasian, our General Counsel who’s been our General Counsel for more than 20 years, retiring at the end of the quarter. He’s been the silent right hand of the management team for a long period of time. And we wish him a happy retirement and thank him for his service to the Company. And then for the reflection of the year, obviously, 2017 was an excellent year and has put us in a great position to achieve our growth goals for the year. And as always, thank you for the ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And I look forward to interacting with you during the course of the year. Thanks, everyone.
