Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, Tamina, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer and Bernd Brust, our Chief Commercial Officer are available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, David. Because of time constraints, I’d like to ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one followup question. If you have additional questions after that and you would like to ask please get back in the queue and we can take any remaining questions on the post call scheduled for later this afternoon. Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Eileen Pattinson: We actually haven’t given out that level of details in terms of new – revenue generated by new products, but we’ll get into more detail, Quintin, at the analyst day in June.
Eileen Pattinson: Doug, you need to get back in the queue.Doug Schenkel – Cowen and Company: You got to catch on, okay. Alright, I will get back in the queue. Sorry about that and thanks for taking my question.
Eileen Pattinson: So, Jon, we haven’t released any information around those two acquisitions in terms of more than what you’ve already got.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you. This concludes our first quarter earnings conference call. This webcast will be available via a replay on our website for three weeks. As a reminder, we will be hosting a followup Q&A call for investors and analyst at 7’O Clock PM Eastern Time. You can find dial-in information on the Investor Relations page of our website and then in the press release we issued this morning. Thank you again for joining us.
Greg Lucier: Well, Quintin, I think the first quarter shows that even with a lower stimulus spending than perhaps we all envisioned we still grew organically at 10%. And so I think it shows that the teams are executing and that we may be perhaps gaining share, and so as we look at now stimulus being spread out over more quarters than we originally thought, I think what we are counting on and we’ve demonstrated it that we can execute, we can grow, and still achieve the financial estimates that we’ve given you and others for the 2010 year.
Greg Lucier: Well, I think as Mark referenced, we believe SOLiD has a distinct accuracy advantage versus other platforms, and customers that are discriminating are starting to understand that and we think that really allows SOLiD to be a preferred platform for medical applications. And that’s where all our efforts really ever more are focused is this move more towards the clinical application of sequencing. So, that is, as Mark said, why we had one of our best quarters ever in SOLiD and why we feel that while we may have been second, we might just be first in terms of the medical application of sequencing.Doug Schenkel – Cowen and Company: Okay, that’s great. And actually, if can slip one more, and, Mark –
Greg Lucier: Well, we feel comfortable about the organic growth guidance for the year. We’ve reaffirmed that. But in terms of particular amount of stimulus in the ensuing quarters, I will defer it to you, Eileen, in terms of disclosure.
Greg Lucier: Well, we have a goal internally to try to surpass the $1 billion of e-commerce across both the Invitrogen site and the AB.com site, which you know a billion dollars of e-commerce I think in any industry there is probably only a handful that are doing that level of sales. When we combined the two companies, we combined the two e-commerce teams and actually added to them and so we’ve got a very large team and infrastructure now. And as Bernd said, the real work is to add what maybe as some sophisticated features in other industries into this one, and more importantly in some way is to localize the sites into China, into Japan, into other languages to really drive that revenue growth and it’s been very successful for us and so we continue it.
Greg Lucier: Well, as we said in our guidance, in the second quarter, we do plan incremental investments in R&D and so you will see the R&D line tick up going forward here.Derik De Bruin – UBS Capital: Great. Thanks.
Greg Lucier: Well, I think our use of capital hasn’t changed. So, number one use is pay down the debt and you are right, Jon, we want to get between 2.0 to 2.5 times and that we have said we’ll certainly be there by the end of the year. I don’t know if we’ll be there in the second quarter. We also, in terms of paying down the debt, we have a convert that’s callable in August. That’s $350 million. And at the current level of stock we would call that at that point in time. Once we are within our range, and we have been, second use of our cash is to look at acquisitions, primarily tuck-in and key technologies. And then our philosophy still is to return excess cash to shareholders. So, at that point we would look at share buybacks, but that will probably be end of the year or 2011.
Greg Lucier: We will release some of that data as we go through. We haven’t targeted since it’s not a commercial product particularly in meetings but there will be clear experiments we’ll do and continue to share that with the community.
Greg Lucier: You bet. Frederick, Maryland has become ever more of the R&D center for our Cell Systems business. And we have a lot of very talented R&D people there. And so we wanted to centralize the antibody piece of that overall portfolio into Frederick. I would also say that by making it closer to our large distribution center there in Frederick, we can have much more rapid delivery times for the myriad of antibodies that we do provide. Now, in terms of not having disruption, we’ve gotten pretty good at these transfers as we’ve brought together AB and Invitrogen and so the same team that transferred production out of Foster City in 2009 is on the job here in Camarillo and we’ve built up substantial inventories in Frederick ahead of time before we have phased out production in Camarillo.
Greg Lucier: Well, we already do in excess of $300 million a year in molecular diagnostics. We, as I have said to others, have a very strong franchise and the fundamental tools and technologies that go into other people’s diagnostics test. Secondly, we continue to get our platforms, our interim [ph] platforms validated and certified. And as I had mentioned, with the new ViiA 7, that’s certainly our goal with this new PCR platform. So, we will have ever more instruments for molecular diagnostics. And then selectively we are making smaller acquisitions like we did with AcroMetrix around molecular diagnostic controls. So we like our strategy. We think it’s kind of a smart incremental way to build out from our core strength. And it’s giving us nice growth.Peter Lawson – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you so much.
Greg Lucier: You know, Ross, our view hasn’t changed. We actually have remained confident that 2010, ’11, and really as much as anybody can have a portal into the future of 2012 look pretty good for us. And so we think the next couple of years just due to our disciplined execution, our international footprint, and all of these new products continuing to come out of the R&D labs, we feel we can continue to grow above the market, as we have demonstrated.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I can add to that. So, yes, we see it’s a big opportunity, actually $1.4 billion was the number we put out for the size of the market. We’ve just started shipping our first early access units to customers here in the U.S. and shipped our first units into Europe. The reaction has been very positive, particularly around the ability to detect rare events, so the ability to slow the flow down and to do something that other systems can't do in traditional flow has been well received by the market.
Mark Stevenson: The customer reception on EasyBead has been very positive. I mean really that was one of the major bottlenecks they were finding. And so just being able to automate that front end is a big relief for many of those customers who wanted to get into the accuracy, but needed that automation up front. And then on SOLiD 4, really the combination of the new pricing and the roll out of the new software and system in there has been well received. We’ve been very active in this quarter in rolling that out and a good update on the SOLiD 4; we had our best quarter ever as you saw in our results.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I mean so far our demand for the forensic sample analysis far outstretches both capabilities of lab and to some extend funding. So to the extent there is more funding available, I mean this year we were fortunate The Debbie Smith Act here in the U.S. was reauthorized fully at $151 million and that gets trickled down to the states. Clearly, the states are under some pressure, but mostly we see the political pressure and will always still to fund the increased DNA testing both here in the U.S. and as we’ve seen internationally with Japan coming on board and strong growth in other countries around the world. It still is a double-digit growing market for us.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, you will see in the coming pipeline more focus as Greg mentioned where we see these interests in the translational medicine group and TGen is a great example of actually taking what we are discovering about cancer and applying that. And an example again, you saw this last quarter and was in our numbers was the group in BC Kansa [ph] which is really taking a discovery to translational medicine approach. There will be more of those during the coming year and you will see that is announced as we do those deals.
Mark Stevenson: So, we got very good reception from the technical data that we showed at the scientific meeting, the AGBT, just tremendous interest in some of the features of the system particularly in its ability to do recursive sequencing to go back over and improve both the accuracy and the read length. We are beginning now to talk with the early access customers that saw some of these presentations and would expect to more fully engage with them at the end of this calendar year.
David Hoffmeister: Well, I think (inaudible) Greg, this is David, if I can add, in our guidance, in our revenue guidance we’ve said a growth for the year of mid-to-high single digits. And that basically covers that range of stimulus. So if we get more stimulus we’ll move towards that high-single digit growth. Lower level of stimulus that we have we’ll be closer to mid-single digits. And I think no one knows. You know we are watching it very closely. Bernd has a dedicated team that’s following it, but it’s really beyond our control. We’ll just see how it flows out.
David Hoffmeister: Yes, that’s correct. We have the $1.2 billion roughly of converts outstanding that are – have put call dates over the next three years.
David Hoffmeister: No, I think that you know the two things that we mentioned were Japan, which had just a phenomenal first quarter. As Greg pointed out, that team has done a great job. But we don’t expect growth to continue at that rate in the subsequent quarters. And then the other wild card is what we’ve talked about as well is the stimulus.
