David Simmons: Yes. Thanks, Tycho, for the question. I'll start this, and then you may want Chris and Bill to comment on the two follow-up points of what we're looking at relative to financial impacts and then how we see Acurian and our site network through the year. So first, I'd say, it's a very difficult question because we don't know how the recovery is going to come, and we don't feel it would be prudent to try to project whether this is V shaped, U shaped or some other shape. We do think, and in our Q2 guidance, we have the impact that's at its most extreme form that we've faced thus far continuing through the second quarter. So that might be one point that helps. As we see sites coming back on, we probably have the most positive example based on what's happening in China. We don't forecast that Western Europe and U.S. will follow the speed of recovery that happened in China. Maybe that's conservative. In retrospect, we might look back and say it was conservative, but that's what we've currently planned. Let me see if Chris and then Bill want to add anything to that.
David Simmons: Okay. Let me take those two at the back, and then we'll see if we have some examples of collaboration that are going to hit the mark on this. So as we had in the prepared remarks, we do think that there'll be an accelerated adoption of virtual digital technologies into trials to be more patient-centric, to remove the burden on the patient, to be able to take more of the trial to the patient as opposed to the patient having to come to a physical infrastructure. The ability to do that is different across different therapeutic areas and different studies. So I wouldn't look at this as one big general statement. It's going to be very nuanced, but some studies do lend themselves towards more virtualization, if you can accept that term. So the way we look at it in terms of trying to sense the acceleration of adoption, you've hit on two of them. One is the regulators' posture towards adoption of these technologies and deviations to more status quo approaches to trial conduct. Second is readiness of the digital and virtual technologies to be applied to studies. Let me just tick that one off now. That looks really solid. The technologies work. They're able to go. So you give that one a box tick. And then the third that you hit on is clients' willingness to challenge the status quo and adopt these new technologies into the studies. So if I pick that off, let's go with customers first because the number of customer engagements that's been going on with us has not changed pre COVID and post COVID, meaning the volume of interactions we have are just as significant and robust as pre the crisis. They're just happening all over virtual technologies like Zoom, Microsoft Teams, WebEx, things like that. In those conversations, there is a dramatic increase in the volume of conversations around adapting these technologies into studies. Twofold. First is adopting the technologies and approaches into studies that are already actively in process in our backlog. We've got active conversations of changes to be considered being put in on 10% of the active studies that were running in our backlog. So that's a dramatic increase in volume of real discussions to modify the protocols to adopt these technologies. And the conversations have extended into future pipeline for the customers. So on that collaboration, I would give you that volume has increased dramatically from pre COVID to in the midst of COVID, and it's not just related to the COVID studies. It's also related to future pipeline. So that's one of the major reasons we said that we see an accelerated adoption. Now on the regulatory side, the regulators – and we're not just focused on the FDA. Regulators around the world have given guidance during the pandemic to help studies continue and to help patients continue to receive medicines, continue to participate in the studies because it may be part of the practice of care and be very important to them. So they're accepting deviations to the protocols to use these types of technologies. We've had cases of the Italian regulators, when the hospitals were overwhelmed, were allowing patients in a study that couldn't get into an investigator site that was burdened by COVID-19 treatment of patients to go to another site on the study that was not shut down due to COVID-19 treatments and continue the protocol there. So that's an example. It's not technology based. They also accepted the use of televisits for patient follow up. So that's an example of regulators leaning in. The big question we have, and we don't know the answer to is post pandemic, do the regulators continue to be embracing the use of these type of technologies or do they shift back to a more conservative approach of back to the status quo of trials. And that point, we don't know. But given all those three dimensions, customers have clearly leaned into this more and their appetite to apply these technologies is greater. Regulators have shown more flexibility during the pandemic, but the big question is, will they continue that post pandemic.
David Simmons: Not specifically. We're generally on the lookout beyond the partnerships and investments we have as we engage on specific trials and look at the right deployment of digital and virtual technologies onto each of these trials, how much are covered by partners we already work with on the technology and virtualization side. And as we see things that might be missing, and it's not always technology related. Some of it is also nontechnology related to be able to enable the trial going to the patient's home, for example. So we're keeping an eye on this and screening, but we don't have anything specifically that we think we need at this point.
David Simmons: John, it's David. One thing to add – one thing to emphasize what Bill said and then something to add. First thing to emphasize is that colleague and patient safety has come first. Of the three objectives that we're working on, if they ever come in conflict, colleague and patient safety wins. Hence, the very fast decision to shut down the clinics. That's the point I would emphasize, Bill brought up. The point I would add is that customer demand for these services is very strong. So customers are – keep asking us when are we going to be able to reopen the Phase I clinics.
David Simmons: Thanks for that question, Erin. First, I'm going to say that biotech funding looks as robust as it's ever been in Q1. What we're seeing is funding from IPO and debt financing, probably off a little bit or flattish, but funding from venture capital increased in Q1. So the total was a very robust funding environment. So we're not seeing any signs of funding weakness on the biotech front. Second part is we continue to see cash on balance sheets of the funded biotech companies sitting at about two to three and trending to the three-year number in terms of cash on the balance sheet at current levels of R&D spending. So those are those two elements of the amount of capital flowing in and the amount of cash on balance sheets that the well-funded biotech companies are sitting on are both as strong as they've ever been. So that's the first point. The second is, I think, specific to PPD, I would bring out, which is in our backlog, if you look at the authorizations in our backlog from our biotech customers, approximately 80% of that award volume is for Phase II and later stage studies, which tend to be lower risk studies than the earlier stage biotech study. So you got an overall funding environment is strong and then the particular types of work we do in the later stages of development, which makes up on a dollar value, approximately 80% of our biotech backlog is relatively less risky.
David Simmons: Yes. A couple of things to consider, as you think about them is, one, they're fast burning. So this is – tends to be revenue that's going to run this year and into 2021. So that's the first point. Second is, we think that the COVID book of work is dynamic meaning, you've got a lot – the industry has really responded rapidly and are doing a lot of testing of scientific hypothesis around COVID. And some are going to be good hypothesis that will get early data that's positive, and others will be not so good hypothesis. So I would expect with the awards that are coming in, some will cancel, some will expand. And we've already seen some expansions in the work we've won. So we mentioned 39 awards. Another way to think about this is that 39 awards, about 2/3 of those awards are for treatments, 1/3 of those awards are for vaccines. So the first and fastest kind of runs out of the blocks were the treatment programs, and those that had really good early data have already expanded scope. So another thing to think about is as you see awards, they're starting in the earlier stage. But if the data comes out very positively, you can see rapid expansions of these programs. An example of that is we had one treatment program that we were working on, where our original scoping was to enroll approximately 700 patients. Within four weeks and the early data readouts on that, the scope expansion went to well over 6,000 patients. I mean it's just a rapid and massive increase in scope. And Bill talked about our people going 24 hours a day, trying to make sure that we're able to enroll patients and get medicines to patients. That's actually tied to this specific example. Vaccines are lagging a little bit because it's being tested in healthy volunteers. But I would expect that the good vaccines programs are going to see scope expansion start to pop in Q2. Now the question is, you've got this double force, which early data readouts aren't going to be so positive, so there could be some cancellations or just the studies stop after that early stage. And then others where the data is positive is going to be relatively large scope expansions. And then because that's why we do these studies, it's hard to project what the volume is going to be in the future.
David Simmons: Yes. I think there's – you were getting cut off in the question, but I think the question had two parts is what was behind the statement of believing that this COVID experience will have a positive effect on R&D investment. And then I think your second question was around what – how do we see the complexity or challenge of catch-up once we get back to normalcy. So assuming that was the gist of the questions. So on the first piece, the statement on R&D investment levels is not a technically based feeling or belief. It's twofold. It's one, that I think with the pandemic going out, I think society is realizing that in the face of extreme health challenges or risks to health, where does one turn for solutions? And the innovative biopharma and biotech industries is the place that's mobilized on their own at speed and at pace and are having real impacts already. I mean, just if we look at remdesivir's approval and the amount of work going on. So one, I think since all the, maybe pre COVID, you may have seen just the general narrative out in the public being one that's more negative to the industry because of drug pricing and a political focus on drug pricing. I think society is probably seeing very clearly the role that this industry plays. So I think the belief and the importance of this industry to society is pronounced in this. That's the main driver behind the R&D investment levels. I think probably a sub chapter of that is maybe a renewed focus in public-private and what I believe would lead to a public-private discussion on infectious disease preparedness, which maybe was lacking a bit, heading into this. So that's the first piece on the R&D investment side. On the recovery side, this is a really tough topic, and it's one that we spend a lot of time on, and business by business within the total of PPD, it looks different. But fundamentally, we have to be prepared for different types of recovery curves, whether they be V shaped, U shaped or W shaped with reoccurrence of the pandemic. But we do believe that we're going to get back to a point where we're going to have to run whatever time period, let's say, it's fourth quarter. Again, we don't know what it's going to be. Let's say, fourth quarter, where we get back to the requirement where we've got to run the full expected book of work for that quarter that was planned. And then we have all of this catch-up work for delayed activities that have gone on. So resourcing becomes very, very important. And this is why we've been very loathe to take draconian actions on our cost base. Our leaders have done a great job adapting resourcing and reshifting resourcing to keep utilization as high as we can, but it has taken a bit of a knock. And this Choice program has been key. So people are managing their lives better, but we haven't given up that capacity, that flex capacity to come back in. But we do believe when that period of time hits where we have to do our normally planned volume of work and do the catch up work, that we're going to have to ramp up hiring. And the timing of the ramp-up of hiring at or in advance of this spike is something PPD does really well and calibrates really well. And we're going to have – this is going to test our ability probably unlike any other spike buildup that we've seen in the past. I just want to see if Bill wants to add anything to this.
David Simmons: Yes. I want to thank everyone that participated in the call. We appreciate your time and allocation of time to PPD. As you can tell, we're very pleased with the quarter one results, but that's behind us now. Our full focus is on managing PPD and being part of the solution to this pandemic as we go through Q2 and into the rest of 2020. So again, thank you for your time, and we'll close the call.
Chris Scully: The only thing I would add is, I think, David, your comments apply to what we've forecasted for our quarter two kind of business. That doesn't mean operationally that we're not prepared to kind of accelerate kind of things if the pandemic's impacts are slower than that.
Chris Scully: Thanks for the question, Tycho. I think the answer to that is that we don't plan on giving specific guidance beyond what we have for the total company at the segment level. That said, per Bill's comments earlier on as well as some of the ones I made in the prepared comments for the call, we did kind of indicate that our clinical business is more greatly impacted than our labs business. So in our labs business, specifically, we have lower sample volumes in the central labs. However, that's less than 1/3 of the total business. BioA and GMP are impacted by less of a degree. It's likely that they're not going to continue to grow at the same rate that they had in quarter one, given it was a phenomenal growth rate. That said, we continue to expect for them to grow faster than the market.
Chris Scully: Yes. We're not guiding specifically to where we'll end up in terms of CapEx for the year. We tend to be a business that's a little bit less capital-intensive than many others. So we've averaged around 4% of ASC 605 kind of sales per year, I think, a little bit below that on an ASC 606 basis. You may see us hold back slightly on some of these expenditures where we deem that they're nonessential given the pandemic and our desire to strengthen up liquidity. But we're going to continue to kind of invest at the same time where there's opportunities that we have a high degree of confidence or need and that are going to aid our customers.
Chris Scully: Yes. Thanks, Dave. I'm not sure if we kind of look at the math the same way that you're looking at. As I kind of look at it, our margin improved slightly from I believe it's about 18.4% in quarter one to 18.7% next quarter. That does have embedded within it a fair degree of cost control. One thing you have to keep in mind is in terms of the staffing or the resourcing is to the extent that there are kind of colleagues that would not have demand if it weren't for COVID-19 awards, we're able, in large part, to kind of shift some of those bodies where they have the capabilities to support the COVID-19 kind of work. That's what David referred to in his section about basically people being cross-trained and really having a great degree of flexibility, which has been part and parcel of how we've been able to manage our cost base as tightly as we have the last several years. So that adaptability and flexibility definitely plays out favorably amidst a crisis like this.
Chris Scully: Yes. Just one other thing to add, Dave, on the question is, as you know, these are some complicated kind of businesses. So in addition to all those things, which we're doing to kind of manage some other factors could skew the percentages a little bit here and there, including the FX rates for the quarter, the ratio of indirects to directs, what we're kind of doing in our variable compensation. So a series of those things could also twist it. But basically, overall, I think the story is, is that, that this is a team that has a lot of experience in terms of managing utilization and staffing, and we do a great job at that, and this is not the first time we've been at it, and we're going to execute this really well in quarter two.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes. Tycho, this is Bill. As David mentioned, China is a comparator, but we're not sure it's the best comparator because activity has accelerated faster than we thought it would and forecasted it would. We've seen project initiations increase, IRB approvals increase, contract negotiations increase, site initiation visits increase, enrollments increasing, site audits are increasing. And based on our data and survey data we've seen suggests that they're back and sort of have recovered about 60%. Don't – as David said, don't expect the same necessary trajectory in Europe and in the U.S., but we are prepared. So from a resourcing perspective, we're in really good shape. So our site network, look, we think this is a good asset to have in our mix of services, and it can be used as a rescue mechanism for delayed studies, and we're in those kinds of conversations with customers. It's true it does have a fixed cost base associated with it that needs to be covered, but that's clearly offset by its strategic value and its use by customers and its uniqueness. So it's early days, but we think this is a good asset and part of the solution to help delayed clinical trials.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes. Maybe just to add some color to Chris' commentary. We've got a diverse set of laboratories. We think they are one, two or three in their respective niches. And we're a recognized leader in our labs. So your question was, is this lumpy? Well, we – in Q1, you can see our authorization results and Labs were certainly a big contributor to that, and we've had strong authorization growth. So look, we've added capacity, but we usually add capacity in a kind of a smart way. It's aligned with customer demand, but you have to build out enough capacity when you go the trouble and apply the CapEx to sustain you for a year or 2. So we certainly have enough capacity to grow, and we have a customer and market demand that suggests we're in a good space. We had an outstanding quarter in Q1, no doubt about it, but we feel good about our laboratory segment going forward.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes, Dave, I couldn't comment on the infection rate in China overall. I'll leave that to international health authorities in China. All I can do is tell you what we've seen in our business. This is an interesting factoid and makes me really happy, but none of our employees in China contracted the virus so far, which is amazing. And reviewing with our team the progress that's being made, I'm just suggesting that we're seeing activity resume in China. The metrics in the month of, recently have suggested that there's an uptick in activity in China. So that's positive, and we're going to see what happens. But I couldn't really comment on the infection rate in that country or anything of that nature.
Bill Sharbaugh: Dave, this is Bill. I might answer it in this way. Look, personnel is the biggest cost in our business, right? And – given its nature, so utilization is key to us and we have a lot of capability here analytically and to control that. And to your point, given the current situation, there's a lot of tension between cost containment and the expected increase in demand. Look, we certainly slowed hiring. Our utilization is holding up pretty good. It's certainly not a target, as you would expect. And we have taken an approach of reallocating team members between projects and shifting team members between functions in some cases. And so overall, our priority is quality and ensuring that we can keep business continuity for customers and studies and patients. And so we're doing that through a variety of mechanisms, and we're poised as recovery occurs to take advantage of that. Now look, clearly, a lot of other drivers of cost, travel costs have gone way down, et cetera. David mentioned some activities in his commentary. And we've had employees who have voluntarily chosen to reduce their hours in the Choice program that David mentioned. So I mean, we have a lot of levers we're pulling on the cost side appropriately with the situation, but we are poised to recover.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes, John, this is Bill. Our Phase I clinics are part of our early development services business, which is in clinical. And so it's a subset of that broad category defined as early development. Look, we – what we did as the situation was developing in March. We finished out ongoing studies that were near completion for clients. We took a look at the situation. We decided to shut down that clinic. We furloughed some of the employees, and we thought that was the right thing to do because we didn't want to domicile healthy normal patients based on all the guidance from international, national and our local health authorities. So I would – we looked at the marketplace. We saw about half of those providing those services, kept them open and some reduced capacity and about half closed. We are in the camp of closing because we thought that was the right thing to do. So that's a subset of our business. We have clinics in Las Vegas, Nevada, in Austin, Texas and in Orlando, Florida. And we're in the process of planning for reopening, depending on how the virus progresses, but I would see us taking a phased approach where these open up at the end of Q2 for a small subset of studies, a whole bunch of new procedures put in place. And then through the course of Q3, ramp up and then be at full capacity in Q4. That's how we're sort of thinking of our Phase I clinics. There's a lot of detail around it, but our team has done an excellent job, and we think we've done the right thing as a company to protect both our staff and patients.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes, John, this is Bill. So first of all, our site network has remained open, okay? Number one. Number two, ongoing clinical trials, many ongoing clinical trials have continued, albeit at a slower pace. And then some clinical trials have been put on hold by customers because they represented these at-risk patient populations that I mentioned earlier, immunocompromised patients or elderly patients. So it's a bit of a mixed bag there. The key thing is it has remained open, they are screening, recruiting and enrolling patients. And as I said, it's a rescue mechanism for ongoing clinical trials, and we're having discussions with customers around that right now. We put into place a couple of virtual solutions to help keep patients engaged and enrolled in those trials. Customers are very concerned about patients lost to follow-up. We've been able to maintain a lot of continuity there. So we have experienced some studies that are delayed to enrollment or paused on enrollment just because of the nature of those patients, but it's remained open, and many studies are continuing. So we think as recovery strengthens that our site network is going to be a great solution. And then those studies that are on pause are going to resume.
Bill Sharbaugh: Yes. David, I think you framed it quite well. I think the challenges aren't technical in nature. It's going to be access to sites, right? So access is a challenge. Clearly, there's new procedures that will be in place that various countries, institutions, et cetera, will put into place. And we and you will have to react to that so that our CRAs are prepared and able to enter those sites. And then it's the nature of our business. It's core. But clearly, there's a lot of protocol amendments that have been put in place around clinical trials as we've added digital services, as we're in a rescue mode, opening up new sites, catching up on activities that are required to be done at the site. We've done a lot of this work in advance, as I've said, to the extent we can to start-up a new clinical trial. But that's our bread and butter, those protocol amendments. And like David said, from a resourcing perspective, we're planning for recovery and ready for recovery.
