Marc N. Casper: So, Tycho, in terms of the pharma biotech end markets, clearly the underlying conditions are strong, but obviously, nothing near the mid-teens type growth. So it's been a good market. As you know, biotech funding has been robust. Pharmaceutical companies are spending more money. But the majority of the very strong performance is driven by how our value proposition is resonating with our customers, and particularly how the underlying performance of our BioProduction BioSciences business is performing with that customer set. Our teams have worked very hard in putting together the two companies' capabilities, and in each of those businesses we're gaining market share and we're also seeing the benefits from our revenue synergies starting to pick up. Obviously, the revenue synergy is not a huge contributor, but it is a nice contributor to the growth in the customer side.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so the team executed very well in the quarter and executed very well in the first half of the year. Our view is that there are still some overhang in the Chinese market as they work through the anti-corruption efforts, and obviously a little bit slower GDP growth. But, clearly, the conditions in China are better than what we assumed at the beginning of the year and has been a nice contributor to our growth. In terms of the outlook for the second half specifically, hard to forecast exactly, but it should be better than our original assumptions.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Ross, the business is quite predictable. If you think about it, we were not concerned after Q1 in our ability to do the 4% organic growth of the full year. And we're not doing victory laps after a strong Q2. We're right where we expected to be at the halfway point of the year. There were a lot of nuances to the calendar. You had less days in Q1 versus the prior year, you had clearly some customers flush some money at the end of the last year that bought some products that they knew they would use and that led to a little bit of a softer start. But we saw that the improvements happening as that first quarter went on and the team delivered a great Q2. And we sit at about 4% organic growth at the halfway point, which is where we want it to be, and we feel confident in our ability to deliver 4% growth for the full year.
Marc N. Casper: So, it's a good question. In terms of visibility in China, it's less than what it used to be, say a couple of years ago, but it's not perfect. My comment really is saying we were expecting the company average for the year, when we gave the original guidance, and we've been growing. We grew high single digits in Q1, mid-teens in Q2 and we're likely to grow certainly better than the low single digit type growth, mid single digit growth for the full year. So that's really the reflection on the comment. Visibility, I think it's going to take some time before you get back to very clear visibility in China because they're still working through a lot of changes in the government.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, the way I think about it, I don't expect the budgeting process and things like the 21st Century Cures to have any impact in this calendar year, but could set us up for a very attractive growth environment for the NIH and US academic and government going forward, should those things become law. So those are really good, important pieces of legislation, and if we can get those enacted, that clearly is going to be a big improvement in the NIH funding. I think it's almost $9 billion of funding over the upcoming year's period. So it could be super exciting if it goes through the process.
Marc N. Casper: So, good questions in a bunch, too. Let me start with the broader end markets and then I'll hit the specifics within the Life Science Solutions and what's going on there. If I think about the second half, we wouldn't expect pharma and biotech to be at that same torrid pace of Q2, but certainly will be a strong end market for us in the second half of the year. And our expectation is that fairly similar conditions in the academic government and diagnostics and healthcare and industrial and applied in the second half than it was in the first half. Probably slight improvements from where they are, but not particularly material and when you kind of walk through the math, that sort of gets you to the 4% growth. Within the Life Science Solutions segment, the team has done a great job in leveraging the combined capabilities of the company. And that is, obviously there was a lot of redundant cost and there has been an interesting – driving of great earnings growth, but also reinvestment in certain parts of the business, as well. While we have been raising synergy targets, we've also been able to strengthen the fundamentals of the business. You're seeing nice impact innovation in the BioSciences business. That is clearly helping accelerate the growth there. And commercially, both BioProduction and BioSciences is really leveraging the strength of the excellent commercial footprint that Thermo Fisher Scientific has in serving that customer set; leveraging our channel but also leveraging the corporate accounts and the strong relationships and the combination of good innovation and good commercial execution has put that business on a nice growth path and that's helped us, both in the biopharma customer set, but also helped us strengthen our Life Science Solutions business. When you go back to our Analyst Meeting in May, we expressed our confidence in changing the long-term outlook from 3% to 4% organic growth for that business, and we feel good about that. And I think a quarter like this shows you some of the early progress that we're making in strengthening the growth outlook for the business.
Marc N. Casper: When you think about the business that we have, we serve four end markets. They're slightly off-cycle from one another, which actually allows us to deliver very consistent growth. Because it's unlikely that all four are going to be in a trough, and it's unlikely that all four are going to be at a robust period. So you get this nice effect of getting steady, organic growth over long periods of time. In terms of the longer-term outlook, we've had, obviously, choppy academic and government end markets for a while, and things like the 21st Century Cures which pulls through, things like a recovery longer-term in China from – can be things of help that end market. Will that be a robustly growing market? No. But could it be better than where it is today? Sure. Over time I think that's probably the one that you'd see opportunities. Within Thermo Fisher, we're very bullish on the long-term prospects for our healthcare and diagnostics business and see that over time being one of our faster growing markets, particularly because we're driving the penetration of Life Science Tools into that market. So things like mass spectrometry, NextGen sequencing will be longer-term growth drivers for that end market, and we think that we're well positioned to get very good growth there over time.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. I think that the Laboratory Products and Services business performed really well, and if you look back over the last few years, I mean, it really has been one of the nice growth drivers for the company. In the quarter, all three of the businesses that make up the segment, our Lab Products, our Customer Channels, and our BioPharma Services business, had a really good quarter, and so I feel good about it. In terms of why softer Q1 and then a stronger Q2 really reflects what's going on at the company level, it's not particularly segment thing. You get the same days of calendar effects in that business as you would elsewhere in the same days of the budget flush in Q4 starting out with a weaker start. So, it's a good grower for the company and one that is the heart of our customer value proposition. So, I think it's a nice growth driver going forward, as it has been historically.
Marc N. Casper: So, in terms of the – whether you would have outsize growth at the end of the year, it really is hard to forecast that. And if I think back in my 15 years with the company, it's really something that we don't actually spend a ton of time on in terms of what's going to happen in December in that particular market. Generally the macro trends are pretty favorable in China because GDP growth there is faster there than anywhere else in the world roughly, and the needs for our products; environmental protection, food safety, healthcare expansion are right there in the sweet spot. So, we always think that long term that we're well positioned to have outsize growth in China and get a little less focused on what's going to happen quarter to quarter. I will be there again next month and look forward to working with the team and visiting a bunch of customers, and maybe in the Q3 call I'll have a little more color on how we see the very end of the year playing out.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, right now with the $1.4 billion that we have deployed and expect to deploy, that would put us at the three times leverage ratio approximately at the end of the year, which really sets us up for a great position going into 2016. We do evaluate share buybacks from time to time, and we do have an authorization. But at least at this point we're not expecting anything in the super short term. And then we plan to get back to a more normal capital deployment as we get into 2016. But we're always flexible depending on what's going on in the end markets and what's going on with the stock price at a particular point in time.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, in terms of the pricing environment, actually Q2 was a strong pricing environment for us. One of the things that we mentioned at the beginning of the year with the foreign exchange headwinds where we were going to take some incremental actions on pricing and we saw some of the benefits of that. So at the halfway point of the year, Doug, we're a little bit above 50 basis points on price, which is good. It's a little better than what we've been experiencing over the last couple years. So, that's going in the right direction and generally a pretty stable price environment.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so Isaac, good morning. In terms of the diagnostics and healthcare, no – really if I think about the first half of low single-digit growth, first quarter you had the calendar. And in the first half a little bit weaker seasonal on both flu and allergy relative to the prior year. So those are really the factors there. The way I think about is I agree with you. I think on the mid-term and beyond is actually one of our faster growing businesses. Transplant did fine, so no issues there. So I think it's more just as you see some of the new products get launched in future periods, you'll see that growth pick up over time.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. It's a strong business for us. It was a meaningful contributor to our growth within the Life Science Solutions segment, and certainly of a meaningful scale business, our fastest growing business. So really a good performer. On the specific numbers it's well above the company average.
Marc N. Casper: So biotech by far the fastest-growing subset. You may recall a few quarters ago I talked about and certainly we reinforced, Alan Malus reinforced at the Analyst Meeting. Our push from how we approach our customers, we had great momentum with large pharma to really expand our efforts with biotech. And that clearly is paying off, right? So the biotech funding environment as you know is very strong and that's translating into spending at the Life Science Tools level, and we're well-positioned to capitalize on it. But our Big Pharma customers are doing well, right? Their pipelines look better and more drugs are getting approved and we're very well-positioned because of our value propositions. So we're seeing good growth there with our larger customers as well. So biotech is strongest, but not really any particular points of weakness within that customer set.
Marc N. Casper: No disruption on the competitive front. We have good competitors in the field. In terms of – we had really good strength. Our team did a nice job. Ion Chromatography did well, the liquid chromatography did well and gas chromatography did well in the quarter. So really good strength between the instruments and consumables, so just really solid execution. New products help, but that wasn't a material driver of the very strong performance.
Marc N. Casper: We have a lot of dialogue with our academic and government customers, and I would say that it is – no one's spending in advance of it. I think that a lot of folks are trying to push to get these things over the goal line because it would be good for the U.S. and certainly good for their own environment. So you have a lot of folks rallying to get it through, but I don't think anyone is spending yet. I don't think that in the short term it will bleed into other segments, but I do think strong NIH funding actually positions biotech pharma and the diagnostics segments better, because there is clearly a spillover. So pumping more money into that from a government perspective is a huge positive for the eco system down the road. So, as you know, I'm a big believer in the NIH.
Marc N. Casper: No, nothing particular. The clinical exposure in that segment is a little bit less than the company average. So not really a big driver there. So thank you for the question.
Marc N. Casper: So with that to wrap up we had an excellent Q2. We're in a great position to deliver another strong year and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the next quarter. Thank you, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: Yeah, we really didn't see a catch-up. I mean, actually, the funding is still – it's flowing but it's still a little bit slow. So I would say it's kind of back to it. It was a normal quarter without any offset from the weakness in Q1.
Peter M. Wilver: So, Ross, in terms of the industry, it's a $100 billion industry. We're the market leader, but we obviously have less than 20% share in aggregate. So still very fragmented, even when you take the largest few players, it's still a very fragmented industry. We have a good pipeline of bolt-on transactions. We've done two that we feel good about it and we evaluate others. And we always have an interesting pipeline on that front. The way I think about it, is we follow our criteria. Is it going to strengthen the company strategically, is it going to be well received and help the customers and clearly is it going to create shareholder value as measured by the rates of returns on those investments. And we were able to do two transactions and we'll continue to look at that pipeline over time and I think we're in a good position from the ability to deploy capital to create shareholder value.
Peter M. Wilver: So the only cameo you might see, Pete, is certainly not in the finance or the earnings calls, but maybe you'll see him occasionally with a tennis racquet or golf after hours. But you'll have to reach out that way. One of the things is that for clarity, I think it was after the period where Pete reflected on the transition to CFO and was able to take a deep breath and feel totally confident in Stephen that he and I started to talk about the next chapter of his life. I think he can add enormous value by not spending time on the finance function but rather helping us build our capabilities and strengthen the company in some other areas. So no more cameos for Pete here, but you can always reach him on non-financial related topics.
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. So the year-over-year bridge between 49% last year and 48% this year in gross margin, we had about 75 basis points of headwind as a result of FX and about 80 basis points of unfavorable mix, that's both segment and within segment mix. And then obviously very good productivity, over 100 basis points.
Peter M. Wilver: No. It's really being driven by just the respective changes in foreign currency exchange rates. So, for instance, compared to our previous guidance, the yen, which pulls through at about 60% is up 2.5% – or declined by about 2.5%, while the pound, which is pull through less than 5% actually went up by 3.5%. You can see just those two currencies, which are two of our significant currencies, you end up with positive revenue and negative pull-through. So it's just the relative changes in the currencies.
Peter M. Wilver: Yeah, in terms of year-over-year improvement 150 basis points, really solid improvement there. We had great productivity. Probably 50 basis points or so above what our normal run rate would be. We had really good pull-through on the incremental revenue. And that, obviously, was a little bit offset by foreign exchange, which was a pretty significant headwind. I would say this is an outsized level of expansion. So I wouldn't expect that every quarter going forward. But really good performance this quarter.
Peter M. Wilver: So before Marc makes his closing comments, I just wanted to say how much I've enjoyed being CFO for the past 11 years. And I'm really going to miss interacting with our investors and sell side analysts. As you know, Stephen and I have worked together for 15 years. He knows the company as well as I do and I'm very confident that he'll do a great job as CFO and continue to work with Marc and the rest of the team to take Thermo Fisher to the next level.
