Marc N. Casper: Ross, thanks for the questions. So let me talk first about China and the performance and then I'll talk a little bit about tariffs. The business is performing extremely well with just over 20% growth in the quarter and about 20% for the first half. Very strong momentum, broad-based across the various customer sets. I was there at the beginning of the quarter and looking forward to going back a little later in the year. One of the things is the customer base is very bullish about their outlook. So, some of the things that you see in the papers about trade and things of that sort is really not a dialog amongst the customer base. So for the customer base it really is business-as-usual and the markets are very strong. We really do have a unique competitive position there because of our scale and depth of capabilities and the scientific labs we have across the country. Our R&D teams thinks that the scale really helps and our long presence in the market does, and you're seeing us really benefit from that from a performance perspective. A quick comment on tariffs. Really, tariffs is really targeting things primarily outside of our industry. So there's really very little exposure. It's not affecting the customer outlook. As Stephen said, there is a gross impact on cost of about $0.03 in the second half of the year from those tariffs that have enacted and scheduled to be enacted. And we are fully going to offset that operationally through our pricing actions and our sourcing and supply chain actions. So we gave extra color on the call because it's something new that everybody in the world is looking at and we want to just articulate it, but we will navigate through that and don't anticipate any issues.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Derik. Thanks for the question. In terms of the QA/QC applications in biologics, we really are considered one of the thought leaders in how that has evolved with the multi attribute method in mass spectrometry that we've partnered with a number of biotech players on this being adopted. So based on the strength of our Orbitrap platform, we're very well positioned, as biologics become a bigger and bigger portion of the total pharma and biotech industry from a QA/QC perspective and the profitability of our mass spectrometry franchise is quite strong. So from that perspective, we really are in a great position to drive sustained growth.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Derik. Great question. So if I look at where we are, it's very positive environment and at the same point, our competitive position is really being valued by our customers such that they're driving more business to us. You're seeing in the differential growth versus the others in the industry. When I look at the outlook, it's great to have 6% organic growth as our guidance for the year and that assumes that there's a small increase versus our previous guidance in the second half for the year. If the market conditions maintain at the rate that we have seen for the last three quarters then obviously we're going to have a spectacular year. So we are very excited about our second half outlook, our full year outlook and we don't see any storm clouds on the horizon as I think about 2019. Obviously, we'll give you 2019 guidance in late January, but at least sitting here right now it all looks very positive.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So we're very excited about Gatan. It is a really good strategic fit with the business. When you think about what we're doing here is we want to be able to help electron microscopy customers get even more value from their investments in the systems and looking to get really the benefits of the components that Gatan provides to the industry including filters, cameras and software. So the goal here is to make it easier for the adoption of the technology and as you know, electron microscopy business is growing very well. So we're trying to expand the market through this capability. It's an extremely compelling transaction financially as well and we'll get into the details of that when we close the transaction towards the end of the year and we'll lay out all the financials then. But the economics are also very attractive as well.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So mid-teens growth in pharma and biotech, feel good about that. We saw strength across all of our businesses that serve the customer base and that range from bioproduction was excellent, chromo mass spec, clinical trials logistic and our research and safety channel. So we saw strength across the board, from consumables, production, chromatography instruments, mass spectrometry instruments, so a very good quarter. I think it really reflects the unique customer value proposition that we have and how we are uniquely positioned to drive our customers' innovation and productivity.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So Jack in terms of the share gains, it's quite broad-based. I mean, when I think about the company, you can look at it and say, well, the company as a whole had a very strong quarter. But as you disaggregate the pieces, we fared very well versus the narrower competitors in the field. So our business has performed well. Some of the highlights where I think we saw a nice share gain in the quarter, our bioscience reagents business, our chromatography and mass spectrometry business, our research and safety market channel. Those were the three large businesses all strong. Clinical trials logistics, very strong quarter as customers continue to move more and more of what is in-house activity to a trusted partner like Thermo Fisher Scientific. We're really seeing the benefit there of how customers understand the logic of why we acquired Patheon and they're actually doing even more clinical trials business with us because of it.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Jack, a good quarter in diagnostics and healthcare, broad-based strength whether it was transplant diagnostics, clinical diagnostics or healthcare market channel. Outside of the business but serving that customer base, we also had good performance in our clinical NGS business serving the diagnostics and healthcare market. Cascadion, got our CE-IVD clearance in the quarter and we are starting commercialization outside the U.S. Not a meaningful contributor this year. Expect it to really start to ramp in 2019 and we'll be showcasing the instrument at the American Association of (sic) [for] Clinical Chemistry Conference, which is happening in Chicago, next week along with a number of other instruments that we are launching across our portfolio. So lots of good things going on in the diagnostics and healthcare business and a very solid quarter with mid-single digit growth.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Doug. It's a good question. We obviously have had a very strong first half. We specifically did raise the outlook a little bit for Q3 and Q4 organically, based on the market conditions. If the market conditions continue the way they were in the first half, it will truly be a spectacular year. Right now there's nothing that we're seeing that is indicating a change in that trajectory. So I feel good about the prudence of the guidance, but obviously our teams are going to focus on maximizing performance and capitalizing on every opportunity. So we don't see any issues, but as always, we want to be able to close the year and meet or exceed expectations. And I think we've put appropriate guidance at this point.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Steve, very strong quarter with high-single-digit growth, just below the company average in Q2. Geographic strength across the board. Starting with the U.S., it's good performance. NIH funds were flowing well and we were really excited by the NIH's announcement in May to allocate $130 million for research based on cryo-electron microscopy which bodes well for future demand. So that $130 million target had no effect, obviously, on what was in the quarter. But for 2019, it's very encouraging. Turning to Europe, very positive with the Horizon program that was announced. So Horizon 2020 is – we're getting closer to the end of the decade. They announced the next program which is a seven year program, $100 billion commitment to research funding across the continent which really helps because academic institutions like to know in advance of what the funding environment is going to be. So that was a big commitment in Europe. And the UK government preparing for Brexit has really had some very focused initiatives to make sure that they maintain their prior heritage in life sciences research and their ministers have had a number of meetings with industry to talk about their commitment as well. So U.S. looks good. Europe looks good. China continues to be strong and you see that obviously in the results. So very encouraging environment right now in terms of what we're seeing as well as the longer-term outlook across the globe.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So the acquisitions that have been integrated over the last couple years are performing extraordinarily well. In terms of Patheon, our pharma services business on a pro forma basis meaning as if we had owned Patheon in the prior year would have been low-double-digit growth in the first half. So very, very strong performance and it's a reflection of good execution and a very good market as well. In terms of electron microscopy, we would have grown as a company 8% with or without the contribution of electron microscopy. Electron microscopy had a good quarter with growth rates, obviously, similar to the company average.
Marc N. Casper: We had mid-single digit growth in the U. S. in the quarter. It's good, there's good conditions. Academic funding was good and we didn't really see any dramatic pockets of weakness in the U.S. In fact relative to the last number of years, strong mid-single digit growth is actually a really nice spot to be from the domestic perspective. So, we really didn't see anything meaningful on the weakness side.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. Our Analytical Instruments business had strong growth in the quarter, chrom and mass spec, chemical analysis in particular. We obviously had some challenging comparisons in electron microscopy in that segment, still had nice growth. But those would be some of the factors in driving the mid-single digit growth in industrial and applied.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. We have a active M&A pipeline across our businesses. And one of the things as we think about is we have a very disciplined M&A process and the selection criteria that we use really has differentiated our performance, right? So while we look at many things we have a very active pipeline. We're going to be very selective in terms of what we do. And we have a lot of firepower, so from the ability to be able to execute on transactions, both management and financially. So we'll continue to progress that pipeline and do the right transactions for strengthening our competitive position as well as creating shareholder value.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. No, we don't sprinkle it evenly because we run the company in a very disciplined faction and we invest at the right levels so that our businesses have good outlook. There are a few areas that we are putting a bit more money to work because the market conditions were better than we thought and therefore we want to fully capitalize on them, areas like chromatography and mass spectrometry, just given the momentum there and our strong position. We're increasing rates of investment there, would be an example. I would even say the acquisition of Gatan would be an example. It's obviously an M&A move, but we have a lot of momentum in electron microscopy and we want to further bolster those capabilities there, would be an example. In biosciences, an area where I highlighted, it's obviously been an area that shows just the benefits of a good strategy and execution every day of the year. Taking a business that had a number of years of low-single digit growth and we transformed it to mid-single digit, now sustainably high-single digit, that's another area where we've increased our investments in digital, we've increased our investments in the Web to really sustain a very, very bright outlook for that business. You're seeing it in the new product launches, whether it's in flow cytometry, you're seeing it in cell biology. So we have specific areas that we're investing in to capitalize on our competitive position as well as the momentum we're seeing in the market.
Marc N. Casper: So I'll do some of it and I think Stephen will cover some. So in terms of the growth in the Lab Products and Services Segment, as a reminder, the Patheon growth does not flow into the numbers because we haven't anniversaried the transaction. We had very strong performance in our clinical trials logistics business and our channel grew very strong in the quarter. So those were the big drivers there.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap up the call. We're obviously pleased to deliver an excellent first half of the year. We're in a great position to achieve a very successful 2018. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you at the end of the next quarter.
Stephen Williamson: So you got the numbers correct, Ross. I think, a couple of dynamics to call out. One is that the impact of bringing Patheon into the company's numbers and the profitable stub period in Q3 are such that the headwind on our margins in Q3 from the Patheon side of things, equivalent scale to what you've seen in Q2. And then in Q4, we'll have strong margin expansion, really driven by two factors which are non-repeat, some things that happened in Q4 last year, the impact of the hurricane in Puerto Rico. Site was down for a significant amount of time and we expended a lot of cost to get the site back up and running. And the second factor is, we did a large one-time bonus payment in Q4 last year related to the tax reform and that's not going to repeat in Q4 this year. So that gives you strong margin tailwind for Q4, in fact gives you the dynamic to drive that 25% difference.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah, from a margin standpoint, it's a combination of the kind of higher level of growth that's printing at a decent margin and then good progress on the synergies. And I'd just remind you one of the key synergies there was using our PPI Business System to make an impact across the operational sites and we're getting good traction there. The teams are very engaged and driving that at a very granular level across the key sites across Patheon's business.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. When you think about how it played out over the last couple of years. The volume leverage really comes through strong in, clearly, the higher margin businesses. So Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments have shown great volume pull-through on the organic growth. So that's really where you'll see a lot of the margin expansion of the company.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. It's really around timing. We had a very strong Q4 last year. Look at the two years combined, I think, it's 19% growth for the two years on an average per year, so in terms of free cash flow growth and yes, it's gone up higher in the range of the $3.8 billion and we're going to now work hard to deliver as much free cash flow as we can.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. So on the Patheon side, we've got a couple of deferred revenue rev rec comps that we'd be hitting in Q4 and some will hit us in Q3. Underlying the growth in that business is running ahead of the deal model, so when you think about the true underlying pro forma. So it's not going to be a significant contributor in Q3 or Q4, to the total company growth. And then the tariffs piece is really – we basically baked in what's been enacted and what we expect to be enacted in – assuming it's mid second half of the year beginning of Q4.
