Marc N. Casper: So from a geographic perspective, we executed very well in China during the course of last year. We clearly gained share from everything that we've heard from others. And we're expecting China to be one of our fastest-growing markets, probably low-double-digit type growth. It's hard to predict exactly but it will be a nice contributor to our growth for this year. For Latin America, Brazil was very soft last year. It's not a huge market for us and we're not assuming any improvement in our numbers. You can see it when Stephen was talking about rest of world. That's primarily Latin America declined a little bit last year and we're assuming a similar type environment.
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, great question. There was no debate. We run the company to do the right thing for our shareholders and for our customers. We don't sit there and say that the consensus is right or wrong. We say what is great operating performance and great use of our capital to create shareholder value. So literally, there was zero debate. We look at what's out there externally. I mean that's why you heard longer remarks today, to really provide clarity on how we're thinking about the world. I think the things that I would take away so that you can look to the future is, one, when we started out 2015 and you looked at our guidance range, we said the following: we would do all of our best without damaging the bright future that the company has to offset the FX headwinds. Last year, we picked up 2% incremental EPS headwinds after our original guidance. We offset all of it and we're able to deliver the high end of our original guidance. When we look at this year, we have a number of actions that we're taking to chip away that FX, but which is why Stephen and I talked a little bit about, we don't just stop. We're actually taking other actions that ensure that if we continue to live in a tough FX environment, that 2017 will also be a fantastic year for the company. So, we're very proactively managing the business. In terms of the capital deployment, hey, we spent – committed $1.8 billion in the, what, first two weeks of the year. I think we're being pretty aggressive. And it doesn't matter which month these different things happen. We're using our competitive position to create value for shareholders. So, we have incredibly bright prospects and I know that the analysts will look at the numbers and feel good about them.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so, Ross, so if you think about last year, we entered the year with a challenging environment. We delivered our strongest organic growth of 5% in a long time, right? And delivered it very solidly despite the fact that not every end market was robust. When we think about this year, we're assuming, as we did last year, we'll finish with about 4%. That's what we're targeting, but if we can do better we will. And if I think about the environment, one, academic and government, a little bit better than last year because of NIH funding. So we're expecting to be at the company average, which is better than the low-single digits last year. Diagnostics and healthcare, we're also expecting to be at the company average or about the company average, which is a little bit better than last year. The big swing factor is going to be biopharma. And it's not going to be the end market conditions; it's just going to be, we had a teens growth or low-double-digit growth last year and we're assuming from a starting point that we're going to grow mid- to high-single digits against the tough comps. So, that's the swing factor on the upside to it. And the team has done a good job over the last five years, six years, seven years of executing in that segment, and we'll keep you posted on how we do. So, I think it gives you good sense of how we're thinking about the world.
Marc N. Casper: Our business is growing 5% organically, so we're not in restructuring mode. What we're doing is saying we want to ensure we're going to drive strong profitability growth for the long term and there are things that we can do that have good paybacks but cost a bunch of money up front in terms of optimizing facilities and you have double costs, those kinds of things. So, we're getting them underway now so that when those things are put into place, basically in 2017, you get a further tailwind on restructuring. We've managed this company through multiple recessions. Both Stephen and I have been here 15 years, right? But right now, end markets are good. Bookings were very strong, right? So if something happens that slows growth down, we know how to take the actions to drive short-term profit growth to deal with a tough environment. But we ended the year with our best quarter in many years and very strong bookings. So, we're just doing the prudent things to drive earnings growth and we'll monitor the end markets very, very closely.
Marc N. Casper: What I would say is that we have a significant capacity to deploy, and we will look at what is the right thing for the shareholder base as the months unfold this year, whether it's more buybacks or more M&A opportunities. We're evaluating the different choices. We got a good M&A pipeline. We have an attractive stock. So, you'll see us continue to be active as the year unfolds.
Marc N. Casper: Steve, everything is accurate up until the calendarization issue. So we're being prudent on the full year guidance, because we have a tough comparison in biopharma. Our aspirations, of course, will be high, and we'll keep you posted. The layout for the calendarization is we literally have almost a full extra week in Q1 and obviously a full – almost a full less week in Q4. So from a modeling perspective, roughly 7% in the first quarter, and obviously a bigger offset in Q4, kind of still gets to the 4%. So we are actually assuming kind of level activity, and the calendar just leads you to 7% in the first quarter. So don't read into anything beyond that.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, organic growth, so a way to think about that one, Steve, would be for the company, it should be about 30 basis points of growth tailwind organically. Roughly a little more than a point in the academic and government end markets. So when you saw us being low single-digits last year, and about the company average this year, that really reflects the improved NIH funding. So hopefully that frames that up pretty well.
Marc N. Casper: I mean, obviously, Jon, we'll get into that in May. We've never been concerned, even if we didn't take the actions about the ability to get to the 24 to 26 or drive a very strong performance that we outlined in May, but our goal is not to be at the lower end of that range. Our goal is to be at the higher end of that range, right? So we're taking the actions now to put us higher, you know, higher up in those ranges. So, when I think about last year, one of the things we got tremendously positive feedback was talking about philosophy and the philosophy of how we're dealing with FX, and I think what you're getting today is we're telling about you the philosophy that we – when we laid out our commitments in May, the world looks different, and we sort of don't care. We're going to navigate through it and deliver outstanding short and long-term financial performance and hence while picking a small point around a $15 million investment, I think it gives you the sense of the philosophy that we're very proactive in managing the business to deliver a really great financial performance.
Marc N. Casper: So, Jack, good question. So, the way the world is playing out over the last few years is that customers generally are being conservative early in the year, and I don't mean just one quarter but literally in first three quarters of the year, to deal with, you know, kind of unexpected adverse events whether they are macroeconomic or geopolitical. So we are seeing it across a wide range of customers where there's a conservatism. And as the year unfolds, and bad things really haven't happened, there's a much stronger year-end money, and we were very well positioned to capture it. Our team did a great job. When we look at the first quarter, because customers do a lot of activity late in the year, their demand is going to be a little bit softer but it's been a little bit softer in each of the previous few quarters. So I think as Stephen laid out the outlook for the year, that reflects the fact that customers start out conservatively and then build their spend as the year goes on. So I think we have that well characterized.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so obviously, it's good news that our customers know that they can have better budgets. We think that some of that will be in Q1, but more likely Q2, Q3 is where you'll see the strength on the NIH-derived spending in terms of how the year will play out.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap it up. We are very pleased to deliver another solid year. We're obviously looking forward to continuing that momentum in 2016, and, of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thank you, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: The last time we had an extra week, we were coming off one of the worst recessions ever. So I don't think there's a norm when it comes to it, so we feel good at this point with – about 7% for Q1.
Stephen Williamson: Well, the medical device tax grossed about $15 million, and as we said, we're going to reinvest that. The R&D tax credit is about $23 million impact and that's in both years. So, there's no year-over-year impact, and NIH is part of the organic growth that we outlined in terms of the tailwind.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So I'm expecting a slight improvement in gross margins year over year in aggregate, and then the rest of the expansion comes from SG&A. So in terms of mix, I'm not expecting a dramatic change in mix the way that we're assuming that these things play out over the coming year.
Stephen Williamson: I – I don't know. I don't know what you are modeling, so we gave you – we gave the detailed guidance of what we are assuming in our model. So -
Stephen Williamson: Honestly, I have no idea what people are assuming for foreign exchange. The estimates give a top line and give an EPS number, and I don't see any detail there. So I can tell you what we have assumed in our model going forward.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so, actually, Jon, so I didn't give book-to-bill information. It's just not that relevant a metric for the company now, where we have over 75% recurring revenue stream. So, yes, for a large instruments business, it's a relevant metric. For us, it's – we just don't see it as that relevant. I didn't include it in my script and we don't include it in the recon package. Just so you know what the number is, it's actually slightly positive, 0.5% for Q4. So – but as I said, it's just not that relevant of a metric for us. And then in terms of your second question – I've completely forgotten what your second question was.
Stephen Williamson: Sure. So, I think about the underlying pricing environment hasn't really changed from what we're seeing of our end markets from the last – really the last sort of three years or four years including this year. Now what we did in 2015 was drive some FX offset actions with some additional targeted price actions which brought our pricing number up. And we'll get a little bit of carryover from that, so pricing year over year in 2016, it will be very similar to 2015, so just over half a percent of price, but underlying, I don't think the pricing dynamics are significantly different in the industry.
