Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack thanks for the question. Good morning. Our clinical research business, PPD had a very strong start to the year. The growth continues to be in the mid-teens. And it's doing really well. We had strong backlog. We had good level of authorization. So that business is continuing to benefit from the revenue synergies. You've seen that start to come into the numbers this year and I'm very excited about the prospect. Team is doing a really good job of executing. Environment is definitely a little bit more challenging, but the team is doing a good job to go out and capture the business.
Marc Casper: Our channel business, Fisher Scientific channel has done really well actually consistently for quite a number of years. It plays an amazing role in enabling our customers to do the research that they're doing and make sure they do that in an effective and efficient way. And the business is off to a good start. It has had good growth. And our best sense on share dynamics as it continues to win customers. So it's a well-performing business.
Marc Casper: Sure. So, Rachel, good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe I'll step up a level first, and then I'll talk about the specifics of the question because as I look and read some of the other industry participants reports so far. Clearly, a noisy quarter in the industry. And when I frame that, as a reminder, when we started the year, we set out ambitious goals for 2023, right? And we do that every year. For us, a 7% core growth from an organic perspective against a 14% comparison and also have very strong earnings. So that's sort of as we came into the year. So what's different in late April versus February 1st when we set out our guidance. Well, the first thing is, we delivered a great chart to the year, right? Great Q1. Second, the macroeconomic environment is more challenging, right? And that leads to a slightly more cautious spend in all sectors of the economy, nothing to do with life science tools and pharma services. But we also see that in some of our customers as well in terms of the caution. Within our own company, a couple of our businesses are performing slightly better than our original guidance, and that's our analytical instruments business which had an excellent Q1 and we now have more visibility into Q3 for that business and that looks encouraging. The second business is doing a little bit better than our original guidance with Specialty Diagnostics is also a strong start. Bioproduction, which is where your question is really focused, we're going to see in the first half more headwinds than our original expectation. It's driven really by the customers are benefiting from the improved lead times that we're delivering against because we brought our -- completed our network expansion, right? So customers can get products more quickly. And our view is this is a temporal phenomenon, and we feel good about what the long-term prospects here. In terms of the specifics in terms of visibility and by customer sets and those things. I think the way that I think about it is, long-term, this is an incredible market with great growth. It's grown very high for many years in the past and has incredible tailwinds. It has a reasonably good visibility because it's related to customer production. And our expectation is that the second half of the year is better than the first half of the year in terms of the view. As a reminder, Rachel, it represents 10% of our revenue. So I think it's important to keep that in the context as well.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of our instruments business, we really are benefiting from very strong adoption of our innovation, right? We just continue to bring out great products. As a reminder, during the pandemic, we continue to fuel and accelerate our R&D pipeline, and you're seeing the benefit of it. We are capitalizing on the semiconductor desire to move to the next generation of nodes, which uses our electromicroscopy. We're a key enabler for battery technology with our microscopes and our chromatography and mass spectrometry business doing incredibly well. So the strength here is broad based. Obviously, the 17% growth in the quarter, very strong. We would expect a good level of growth in Q2. And what we had said at the beginning of the year is that, that would moderate in the second half, and we think that moderation will be less than we originally expected in Q3. So we expect it to be a solid Q3, and we'll obviously have more visibility to Q4 when we report in July. So we're assuming that Q3 is little better than we expected and Q4 as we expected at this point because that's what we have visibility to. Thanks, Rachel.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derek, the way that we manage the company, right, is the first thing we want to deliver differentiated performance in a given year that we would be proud of delivering and strengthen the company for the long-term, right? And that's the first set of principles. And that set of principles has served us very well for many years. And when you look at our track record, we do a good job of delivering short-term and strength in the long-term. When I think about the outlook for the year and where we are we feel good about the full year guidance at this point in time based on how Q1 has played out and the changes and we've laid out some of the assumptions around that for the balance of the year. And if those assumptions are largely the way the year plays out, we're going to be in a great position. If those assumptions are too conservative, we'll beat these numbers. If those assumptions are too aggressive then we will appropriately adjust guidance over time, right? And I'm not shy about any of those dynamics. We try to give you total transparency and I feel good about our outlook based on Q1 and the assumptions that we're making.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about the dynamics here, on the COVID vaccine, as Stephen said, my take is, it's played out almost exactly. I mean Q1 is exactly where we anticipated when we look at our visibility to the $500 million, I feel very good about that in terms of it because we know the contracts that we have and what activity has been booked there. So that's pretty straightforward. When I think about the bioproduction more generally, what I would say is in the very practical dynamics to go back to the pandemic, right? Huge demand, right, for these products. Those companies that were successful and unsuccessful and trying to bring out therapies and vaccines for response to the pandemic. That stressed lead times for everybody. Obviously, it varies differently by how much capacity, how well companies are on all those different dynamics, but lead times got super extended, right? For us and the nature of our products, our leadership in cell culture media and single use. Customers don't really order extra. It's not one of these things where you want to be stockpiling this stuff because they're very specific to the campaigns that you're running, right? So the dynamic becomes very simple. If we have a 30-week lead time, which was extended during the pandemic, you order 30 weeks -- with 30 weeks visibility. When we bring that lead time back into normal to say 15 weeks for simplicity, customers will work through what they ordered because they don't have to order as quickly because they know we're going to give them the product, right? And one of the themes that we said throughout the pandemic was we work super closely with our customers like incredible around the dialogue. So they trust that we're going to deliver when we say. So they didn't over order in the time when lead times got extended and they're ordering appropriately now. So can you call that to the month? No, of course, not. But we have a reasonable view that the first half is going to be a little bit softer than we originally had put in our expectations that the second half starts to pick up. And the good news is between instruments, especially diagnostics, it's offsetting at this point. So hopefully that's helpful.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Dan, thanks for the question. And in the spring, hope springs eternal in football because [indiscernible] hasn't been made yet. But effectively, from my perspective, pharma and biotech is a good question. If you take -- let's focus on the market itself, right? When I think about the quarter, we delivered mid-single digit growth, right? And when you think about what's embedded in that is obviously that's where the vaccine and therapy rolloff is from the prior year. So we did it exactly as we expected. So that basically you have double-digit growth, not a big normalization guys, but just to try to make it simple, if you didn't have a vaccine and therapy rolloff, you'd have double-digit growth in that segment. So most of the change from trajectories around that. I think the second thing to remember is that last year, we grew 14%. This year, we grew -- we're expecting to grow 7%. The expectation, obviously, is therefore our growth, while outstanding is going to be more moderate than last year and given the pharma and biotech is our largest customer segment, obviously, our expectation is that growth will moderate. I would say largely, Q1 was pretty similar to what we thought it would be with bioproduction being a little bit softer. You can say there's a little bit more caution in the smaller biotech customers. But do I think it's like dramatically different? I don't, right? And so we're working through that and we have strength in other parts of our mix. And that's kind of where we are. On all the details of each of the businesses by customer side, they don't really manage that way. And on the bioproduction side, as I said a little bit earlier, in total, it represents about 10% of our revenue.
Marc Casper: Yes. The team is doing a good job executing, right? They're doing a good job on navigating the various supply chain things that happened over the last couple of years and our shipments are at a high level we're going out and winning business. I think the strategy that the team has executed around breakthrough innovation. Customers find money when the products are really relevant. I mean that's been my experience. Over long periods of time or if you have great products, customers want them. So that's been a positive dynamic certainly for the instruments business. And what I would say is we definitely have challenging comparisons this year. We're off to a good start. And I would expect that growth will moderate a bit in the second half, but Q3 being a little bit better than we originally expected.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Matt, thanks for the question. China actually played out pretty much as we expected in the quarter, right? So our expectation for Q1 was it was going to be slightly better than Q4 that you'd still see some of the impact of the unwind of the Zero COVID policy. And that as the year progresses, it will continue to strengthen from there. When I look at the first quarter in China, the business was down slightly. The core growth actually was high-single digits in the quarter. So that felt good. What I would say is, we expected stimulus to happen in the first quarter. It did happen in the first quarter. So that played out. It was good to see the Chinese government released money to the academic institutions. You see that in our instrument business. And so that played out well. And so I feel good about the outlook. Obviously, the geopolitical tensions are real, and that's an environment that is going to be around, I would suspect for a while. And we'll navigate through it, but China should be a good market for us this year and it has been historically. Stephen, anything on the --
Marc Casper: I think our team is doing a great job of executing, right? They are out there serving customers and patients so that customers are making a great choice to work with us, right? They're doing a really good job. We clearly have a high level of new authorizations because of the combination of what Thermo Fisher brings and what PPD brought together, right? So there's a lot of customer interest. It shows up in authorization is showing up in our revenue now. That continues to build. And I'm excited. Next year will be year three. And, as a reminder, that's $250 million of revenue that we're assuming from a revenue synergy next year. So it's really exciting in terms of where it is, and I feel good about the performance of the business and the outlook.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Vijay, we gave like 80,000 foot directional views on the markets at the end of the -- at the beginning of the year to set the guidance context. And when I think about the additional color that Steve and I have provided today, it really says that it's more business focused, which is actually how we manage our company. Instrument specialty diagnostics a little bit stronger bioproduction a little bit softer primarily in the first half. So that translates probably into a tiny little changes within the end markets, but nothing that really jumps out as something meaningfully different. What I would say is in terms of the early biotech, those are a great customer set that we have done a fantastic job serving. Yesterday, I was actually talking to roughly 400 members of that community at a customer event here in the Greater Boston area. And like the room was buzzing, not because I was speaking, but rather just like me walking in and this is such energy and excitement. So why is that? Because they're bringing through cures that are going to exception an enormous difference. The science is phenomenal. So there's clearly going to be more caution in that segment, depending on the funding environment, but the science is great. The passion is extraordinary. And we are the company that people come to advance the molecule from a scientific idea to an improved medicine. So it's customers that we love, we're going to do well. And we obviously generate the vast majority of our revenue from the large pharma and biotech customers, and they're doing well, and we've got a strong position there. So hopefully that at least gives you the qualitative context of how to think about it.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, thanks for the question. When I think about our instrument and equipment services business, what that business is, as a reminder for our investors is, we service our fleets of instruments. We also work at pharmaceutical and biotech campuses for our customers to manage their inventory, do those activities, help them with some of the things that they need done to run their labs as well as service other people's equipment and instrumentation. So that's what we do. In general, that is a steady, nicely growing business because we've had very significant growth in the volume of our instruments over the last couple of years that becomes a trailing tailwind for the business because you have a year or so of warranty, so you don't get any additional revenue effectively. But as the warranty rolls off, that does actually drive incremental demand. So your hypothesis there is correct, but that's one that continues to strengthen at this part of the cycle.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Puneet, thanks for the questions. In terms of the IRA, I think customers are working through that in terms of what the implications and does that adjust any of the long-term decision making about what our preferred and what's their clinical trial strategy. We haven't seen anything material change at this point? I know there's certainly a lot of dialogue with government. I'm trying to make sure those policies do what they were intended to do. From a capital deployment perspective, this is a good environment from my perspective because you have less competition because of higher interest rates. From certainly private equity and so forth. So I think there's always competition, but I think that's good because that helps you pick and choose and get things at an appropriate valuation. So I think we'll continue to be active. Our pipeline is super busy like so I'm very excited about what we're looking at. You never know how these things actually play out in reality. But there's plenty going on and we'll be aggressive if the right transaction is available to us. So that's the benefit of the company performing well and a great track record of creating value through capital deployment.
Marc Casper: So thanks for the questions. I think at this point I'll do a quick wrap up. So, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We're very pleased to deliver a strong quarter. We're incredibly well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders and build an even brighter future for our company. I'm looking forward to updating you on our upcoming Investor Day on May 24th. See you in New York City or virtually. And as always thank you for your support at Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Stephen Williamson: Just can I level set for a second on the actual revenue for 2023, the $500 million of vaccines and therapies. That's pretty much all in our pharma Services business, it's not in the bioproduction business.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Matt, on the other end markets, when I think there's a lot of noise from the pandemic unwind, but when I kind of see through that, good growth really across all of the main geographies. So nothing really to call out there.
Stephen Williamson: Really, the main piece is just the timing on the bioproduction and instrumentation being stronger in Q3, as Marc outlined in terms of change our guide assumptions.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And then, Dan, particularly on the electron microscopy business where customers can't service themselves. So you have some customers that can be efficient service from other kind of lower end instrumentation. But from electromicroscopy standpoint, they're really looking for us to step up and help them with that. So that continued, as Marc said, that continued tailwind is very significant.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think we outlined the key changes. I think one thing that's hard for people to model is kind of where the vaccines and therapies changes. When I think about Q1 that was all in the Life Science Solutions segment. That's Biosciences business as well as Bioproduction. So from a year-over-year change, that was, I think, about an eight percentage point impact on the segment. That lessens as a headwind when I think about that going forward, but still most of that change in that revenue stream is in that segment as I think about the year as a whole. But nothing significant changing underneath other than we've already identified in terms of the overall guide.
