Gregory Lucier: So the interest expense is $110 million to $120 million. And then in terms of the converts, it obviously depends on the share price, but assuming the share price continues to rise, we would expect to retire or call those converts when they're due.
Gregory Lucier: I think the only commentary about that piece of the business was it was probably more than any other part of our company impacted by the information technology project we had in Asia and the overall -- a little slower growth we had in Asia in the quarter. So again, fourth quarter, we expect Asia to snap back into the high-double digits again, and you'll see that business snap back up to higher organic growth as well.
Gregory Lucier: Dr. Paul Billings is on board now. He interfaces with myself, with Mark, with Bernd in terms of customers and the board as well. It's the first several moves you'll see from us and that we will announce to continue to evolve the company to be not only very strong in research, but increasingly strong in medicine. As I've said in the past, all of these molecular tools are getting pulled into the medical environment, and we have to get the company ready to become more hospital oriented, more genomically medicine oriented, and this is the first of the several announcements that you'll here over the next year.
Gregory Lucier: Isaac, next year should be pretty good. We think it'll go up a couple of percentage points, and the stimulus continues to meander along through the course of the next several quarters, which will be okay. So I would tell investors the next year should be fine. As we look to 2012 and beyond, those are the conversations that are taking place today. But as I've said in other settings, I'm actually hopeful that it will be okay. And I think it pertains back to an innovation agenda that a lot of our political leaders see is needed by the United States. And so there's not going to be a mad rush to balance the budget on the backs of the NIH. I mean, quite frankly, that's not where our overspending has been. And so the more of that message, I think, is appreciated and shared by more and more folks, the more I feel better about that NIH will come through this pretty well okay. So that's kind of our current outlook right now.
Gregory Lucier: Tycho, this is Greg, and I'll have Mark follow up my point. As you know, we will be launching the Personal Genome Machine here in the fourth quarter. It has been in the hands of early access customers, working through the overall workflow and finishing up the refinement of that. And that particular platform has lots of multi-generational growth in it as well. So it will be launched at a certain throughput, and then it will go up over time in basically the same box. In terms of the target customers, Mark, I'll let you give some a color commentary on how we see it being introduced in the market.
Gregory Lucier: I think it's been a stretch. I think, materially, there won't be much change there. I think what you will see is much more consistency, right, as we saw in Q2 last time, a result in changes in volume toward the end of the quarter and I think you're going to see that balance out more now.
Mark Stevenson: First, just to confirm, actually it was a strong double-digit growth that we experienced in the quarter and it was the best quarter ever that we've have for SOLiD. So we've got great traction in that and saw that in the overall growth, actually like sequencing brand franchise it's not only solid you see but also strong sales of CE of the 3500. It's really across a range of labs. I mean, with regard to SOLiD, as I've mentioned in the first question, the appreciation of the accuracy is there in terms of both finding these rare mutations as I've said in the quote sort of needle in the haystack that accuracy matters. And so that's very much appreciated. That also translates into lower throughput cost when you're doing how much coverage you need. So that's one thing. On the second part of your question, we're very much on track to launch the systems. We'll give much more detail about that and our plans next week at ASHG and update you on where we are both on the platforms and throughput, and very much is an upgrade of old parts for all our customers. So they're coming with us on this journey. We've made tremendous improvement in the performance of the system, and they are coming with us on this journey as we carry on and get greater performance out of the system.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I mean, we still see good growth overall in that qPCR market. It's really a breadth of portfolios. So now as we've introduced the ViiA 7, we have a refresh of the high end of our price points in the instrument side and all the way down to the lower price points on that system. And going forward, evermore, we're reinventing that game in terms of how we think about qPCR, both in terms of what you've seen us do in a couple of acquisitions in getting to higher throughput and also moving into the world of digital PCR, which we think is going to be really big going forward here.
Mark Stevenson: And just a follow up, Quintin, it's Mark here. on the second part of your question. So yes, we're very excited. As David mentioned, we had a record quarter with SOLiD. A lot of that traction was in contour applications where it matters with the accuracy. And so what we've made a great improvement of the level of accuracy to get [4,9] accuracy in a single-read, with new modification to our ligation chemistry and we're showing that data next week at the SHD [ph] meeting.
Mark Stevenson: That will be implemented on SOLiD and we'll start shipping that new Chemistry with the systems, and we'll talk more about that at ASHG.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, so we really see, across that range of customers, the applications fit. So I think some of the genome centers are certainly seeing interest to QC some of their application work and do some smaller genomes with it. We'll certainly see it in the decentralized application and some of the smaller genome centers or hospitals and application there is that will light the turnaround time and speech, just a number of experiments that you can do. And so really be quite a broad go-to-market approach for us. We're initially starting, we started taking orders across that breadth of customer base. And we'll be talking more again next week during SHD with that customer set and also at the Association Molecular Pathology meeting, one of the early access customers who we're presenting some data. So we'll begin to see more data here as we start shipping units at the end of December.
David Hoffmeister: Right. So really, the commentary on the fourth quarter is nothing but the comparable issue. So as you know, fourth quarter is traditionally one of the larger ones of the overall year. It continues to be. And again, it just relates to the 2009 fourth quarter comp that we have. The way you think about margins is right on. They will increase, but it will be modulated somewhat by the increased spending that we'll have in the quarter on some of these projects.
David Hoffmeister: Correct, I understand your question. No, it does not include any buybacks, that's just foreign currency.
David Hoffmeister: Well, John, we have been evaluating the technologies associated with sequencing for the last several years. We've had, and we still have, a standing team that is fully 100% dedicated to that effort. And our major requirement for sequencing to really explode the market was a turnaround time, the ability to get fast results. And as we looked at that, we just really came to the conclusion that the current generations of technology wouldn't get you to the measurement of hours in that regard versus the current days. And so Ion Torrent, as we got to understand it better, tested better, understand where it was going, really presented to us the technology that would enable this technology to move into the clinical realm, and that's why we made the acquisition of Ion Torrent. We continue to monitor all sorts of different paths to read the genome. But again, we're quite bullish that we have the right platform here to complement the very high accuracy -- even higher accuracy than it's even known today that Mark will talk about this next week of SOLiD. And yet, get to this turnaround time that I think will become quite essential to really unlock the big diagnostic markets. So that's why we did Ion Torrent. And, yet, I would just finish that we're not resting. We continue to monitor and watch, but we feel very confident that we have a great set of technologies here.
David Hoffmeister: Let me start, Doug, this is David. You're right about Q3. I think in terms of our guidance on Q3, I think what changed is it goes back to Quintin's question. When we look at Q3 at the end of Q2, there were some concerns about weakness in Europe, what the impact would be in terms of sales elsewhere around the world. So we were cautious in terms of what our spending was. And we actually put some of the projects that we intended to begin on hold to get a better idea of what the revenue outlook was going to be. Good news is that revenues came in as we expected or better. And that, combined with lower spending, drove up our margins. What we're saying about Q4 is we're pretty confident in the outlook at this point. I think the markets and the funding around the world has stabilized from what it was at the end of Q2. And we plan to ramp back up some of those programs, particularly, some of the spending in commercial areas and on the web in emerging markets.
Eileen Pattinson: Great. This concludes our third quarter earnings conference call. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast will be a available via a replay on our website for three weeks. Thank you, again, for joining us this afternoon.
Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer; and Bernd Brust, our Chief Commercial Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I'll now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks, David. We have about 20 minutes for Q&A, so I'd like everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions after that, please get back in the queueu. Tony, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
