Marc Casper: In terms of North America, in aggregate, things were fairly similar to what we’ve seen over the last year or two, with two exceptions. Healthcare utilization is typically at your peak in Q4, and at your trough, or lowest level of utilization, in Q1. So that’s a pattern that started in 2013 and continues to be even a little bit more dramatic as you get to 2014. So you have that dynamic, and we expect that that improves as the year unfolds. From an academic and government perspective, the appropriations is a positive, and as we said on our original call in February, we expect funds to flow from the appropriations to happen in the second half of the year, which is kind of customary in terms of how that works. Clearly, as we’ve talked to a number of our customers, they worked fewer days in the early part of the year, and that had some effect on our industry in terms of consumable demand, and that should obviously be just a one-time factor that will not repeat as the year goes on.
Marc Casper: From a North America perspective, no really big changes. Industrial and applied continues to strengthen, and pharma and biotech continues to be an area of strength for the company. So those are clearly positives.
Marc Casper: From our perspective, we’re very excited about the logic of the combination and the revenue synergies that we’re going to capture over time. In fact, that will be one of the themes that we cover at our analyst day. Mark Stevens will walk through some of the things that we’re working towards. Not going to have a big impact in 2014. We’ve assumed that there won’t be any revenue synergies this year, although I assume we’ll deliver something in the later half that’s small. But they really ramp up in ’15 and beyond. In the area of the one that you actually saw yourself, in Interphex, we didn’t assume a lot of revenue synergies, because we’re doing a divestiture and so forth, but it’s a great combination of having the single use technologies from our Thermo Scientific brand being combined with the Life Technologies position in the media sera as well as the downstream analytics. So that combination should actually be quite powerful, and over time should put us in the position to gain significant share in that market segment. Other areas of revenue synergy, clearly our ecommerce capabilities are strengthened by the combination, great strength in Asia Pacific and emerging markets, and good opportunities to leverage our complementary channel strength, both our Fisher Scientific channel as well as the strength that Life Technologies brings to the company. So, lots of opportunities for the company to capture revenue synergies.
Marc Casper: When we looked at our original growth outlook for the year in our guidance call at the beginning of the year, we looked at 3% to 4% organic growth for Thermo Fisher and 2% to 3% for the life sciences solutions segment. The Q1 performance, nothing has changed in terms of our expectation for the full year. We’re very confident in our ability to achieve both of those milestones. When I look at the first quarter, and the question around phasing, January and February were softer than normal. March was a strengthening and obviously bookings also were much better than revenue, and that’s really driven by just the timing, as customers got back to work later in the quarter. We had good bookings momentum, which gives us confidence as we continue through the year to achieve our organic growth goals.
Marc Casper: You know, I’m actually heading off to China next week. My view is a couple of things. One, we continue to have a very strong position. We delivered good growth, albeit a little bit slower than we have delivered over the last couple of years. Healthcare is very strong, and that’s been a continuing trend. And I agree, kind of industrial is a bit mixed. I’ll spend more time with the team. Basically, nothing has changed with the long term outlook in terms of our view on China. We still believe it’s going to be in the range of mid-teens as the year progresses.
Marc Casper: The first thing is another very strong quarter of performance in our biopharma customer set. A little bit stronger than the full year guidance that we gave in February, so the team executed well. Obviously a lot of corporate repositioning announced over the last 24 or 48 hours, with our customer set. And I think as companies look for synergies, we typically gain share. They have targets, we have incredibly strong relationships with the executive team, and we bring them ideas on how they can get higher impact for their dollars of spend. And in fact, two of the CEOs that were involved in those repositionings, and I already communicated about some opportunities, so we have very strong real time relationships with these customers.
Marc Casper: Even though we’ve only owned the business for a couple of months, the reality is they’re already starting to use our business processes, so in terms of how we operate our business. And we already have our PPI methodology being implemented. And we’ll highlight some of the impacts of that, but that’s something that we start right at the beginning, and start with the training, start with the impact, and it’s part of the synergies that we deliver, and it’s part of the ongoing productivity that we’ll be able to drive for that business and certainly improve our customer experience, which positions us to accelerate growth and gain share.
Marc Casper: Just one thing to keep in mind, in terms of Q2, we always have a seasonal impact in Q2, because that’s when we do salary increases. So that has an impact on the bottom line, and that’s true for Life Technologies as well. So that could be one of the differences. In terms of the synergies, we obviously realize $17 million in Q1 already. Those were the duplicative public company costs that we were able to eliminate, pretty much on day one. And then as we go through the year, we’re continuing to eliminate duplicative corporate costs, for corporate functions, and we’re beginning to integrate the biosciences business, the businesses, legacy Thermo Fisher, that were combined into Life Technologies to create Life Sciences Solutions. So those will build throughout the year.
Marc Casper: As we’ve thought over the last couple of months, part of the activity is for myself and other members of the team just to get visibility to our new colleagues, visit customers jointly and really look at the opportunities.  And one of the things that, to me, has been a real highlight is I spent quite a bit of time meeting with some of our new scientists - not new to the company, but new to Thermo Fisher - and they’re working on great technologies. So we’re bringing a really complementary suite of technologies and we’re already brainstorming long term on what are the new solutions that we can bring out from combining the two companies’ suites of technology capabilities. So long term, I’m very excited about what both companies bring. From a customer perspective, feedback is incredibly positive. They see great synergy between the company, and the positions us the opportunity to gain share. So no surprises, but it’s been very positive and the business is performing as we expected, so we’re off to a good start.
Marc Casper: From my perspective, what we do from an innovation perspective is make sure that we’re maximizing the impact of our investment. Innovation is a core part of our strategy, and that’s part of the reason we’re meeting with our scientific leaders and scientists, just to really get an understanding of what’s in the pipeline. It’s business as usual right now, which is teams are working on great things, and they’re doing a great job, and that’s what they’re focused on. And then certainly we’re looking for what are the new opportunities that the combined company has going as we get later into the year and into 2015. So it’s a very exciting time from a scientific and innovation perspective.
Marc Casper: In terms of our transplant diagnostics business, it’s doing really well. It’s been a great acquisition, growing well above what the acquisition model assumed in 2012, so I feel great about that. We have integrated the HLA capabilities from a sequencing perspective, that Life Technologies brought to Thermo Fisher, into that business already. So that’s a combined offering that we’re working on, and we feel good about our prospects in that area.
Marc Casper: In terms of the analytical instruments business, what else is in there is a lot of our industrial chemical analysis businesses. So you obviously have great strength in chrom and mass spec, you still have some weakness in the later cycle, longer lead time products. So that would be what you see there. I was encouraged in the quarter by the strengthening in our portable instruments business. That’s kind of the shorter cycle industrial business, so that saw a nice pickup in the quarter. So there’s some signs of a continued economic recovery in the industrial markets. From the life sciences solutions perspective, we’re already integrating that business, so we’re thinking about that as one unified business as we put our biosciences business in there. The growth rates were pretty similar between what would have been legacy Thermo Fisher products and what was the Life Technologies products. So they both grew around the same rate, in aggregate. So that’s the view on the splits there. 
Marc Casper: Maybe give a little bit more color in aggregate on the life sciences solutions segment, just to frame it, and I’ll cover clinical as well in that. So when I look at the performance of the business and the outlook, first of all, we feel confident about the 2% to 3% growth organically this year.  Within life science solutions, you really have three main businesses: bioproduction, which is our fastest growing portion of the portfolio; biosciences, which is our market leading position in our high tech bioscience reagents; and you have genetic sciences, which is made up of our QPCR franchise; our applied markets, such as human identification. You have animal and food testing as well. You have our next gen sequencing business, as well as our Sanger sequencing franchise.  Within the next gen sequencing businesses, you actually have a nice clinical presence as well, as there’s adoption of both those technologies there. And we continue to have good momentum in that part of our portfolio. In terms of highlights, as I thought about it for the quarter, what I would say is I was very encouraged to see that QPCR had a good quarter in terms of growth. We have really nice momentum in next gen sequencing. So I think that’s a really nice complement to how the life science solutions team has started off the year.
Marc Casper: Yeah, so headwinds, the OEM licensing royalties were all headwinds versus what was a strong Q1 of 2013. We saw some headwinds in portions of our Sanger sequencing business as we’ll. So those would be the headwinds that we would have seen in Q1.
Marc Casper: As we’ve said in years past, typically you get a little bit of a dampener as companies are figuring out exactly what they’re going to be doing. But we typically then gain share, because we’re part of their synergy program and they typically move spend to us as part of that process, and it nets out to be, over time, a positive for Thermo Fisher. 
Marc Casper: I’m not surprised. We’re in this new normal of more slow recovery, economically globally. And so we’re seeing the improvements now in our shorter cycle business and that’s good news. And then at least we have stabilization in the longer lead time businesses. So we didn’t come out of the last recession with a big springback in terms of growth, but it’s something that we assumed, and we’re managing through, which is why the use of PPI and managing our costs effectively positions the company so well. We’ve been able to deliver great earnings growth in a muted top line environment, and we feel like we’re very well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities that are out there.
Marc Casper: Those two are good drivers, plus really great products. Our products are just being adopted, so from our perspective, we have a really exciting pipeline of demand for what we launched at ASMS last year, and we’re looking forward to ASMS coming up again later in the spring, and a new suite of products as well. 
Marc Casper: Orbitrap Fusion Tribrid is doing great. High end research, academic, biopharma, extremely strong adoption. So that’s been a very positive driver. From a chromatography perspective, applied markets, industrial markets, have been good for chromatography. We have strength in liquid chromatography, we have strength in [IM] chromatography in the quarter, and feel like we’re well-positioned there. So those are two businesses that had very good growth in the quarter. 
Marc Casper: I would say industrial and applied, not dramatic changes from what we’ve seen over the last few quarters. We saw a little bit of a slowness in the release of funds from government customers in China, and that happens from time to time. That seemed to be a factor that played out a little bit in the quarter.
Marc Casper: Generally, Europe, in its entirety, continues to be consistent. We had mid-single digit growth in the quarter, continuing to benefit from stability. And that’s been a positive. There’s been some exciting R&D initiatives that are government funded that bode well for long term European demand. So I feel good about that. I don’t think we mentioned this as much, but we had good position and good strength in Japan in the quarter. There’s some initiatives around a tax increase that went into effect April 1 that encouraged customers to spend some money. So that’s off to a good start as well. So that’s a quick view on academic and government around the world.  Let me wrap it up with just a couple of quick comments. As I think back on the quarter, we made significant progress in Q1. I think we delivered solid results and positioned ourselves well to deliver another strong year. Thanks for the support of Thermo Fisher Scientific and certainly we look forward to updating you next quarter. Thanks, everyone.
Peter Wilver: What I said is the operating performance of Thermo Fisher standalone was about 30 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter. So that’s really the number to look at. 
Peter Wilver: Yeah, it’s obviously not an exact science, but when we look at the weather impact, as well as the impact of seasonal products, both flu and pollen were down versus the prior year, it’s about a 1 percentage point impact on the quarter. 
Peter Wilver: In the quarter we did realize positive price, but it was between zero and 50 basis points, so pretty much consistent with what we’ve seen for the last every quarter in the prior year, so slightly positive. That’s basically what we’re assuming for the full year, around 25 basis points.
Peter Wilver: As I said, nothing has really changed in the operational side of our free cash flow guidance. But as I said, there’s lots of moving pieces, just in the way that acquisitions and divestitures are reported. As I said, in Q1, we had about $240 million of payments related to the acquisition that hit free cash flow, $50 million of working capital impact.  And then just to give another example that we’ll experience later in the year, the gross proceeds of the divestitures are excluded from free cash flow, but in fact the tax payments that we’ll make are actually included in free cash flow. So in that case, nothing’s changed in our assumption that we’re going to get somewhere around $800 million net from the divestitures, but reported cash flow will take a hit of over $200 million as a result of that.  So the change is in the range of $400 million. Again, nothing operational. It doesn’t change our year-end cash balance forecast or how fast we think we’re going to pay down debt. It’s just simply the moving pieces of how the acquisition and divestitures are reported. 
