Marc Casper: Tycho, thanks for the question. Good morning. Yes, we had very strong performance across our Life Sciences Solutions segment, really driven by the strong growth in bioproduction and our biosciences business. And Brammer was truly immaterial to the sales to Brammer in terms of segment results.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the Brammer Bio acquisition, part of what we’ve assumed is the expansion of an additional site, which we expect to break ground starting this year, and that’s embedded in our outlook for the year. And in terms of GSK, it’s a world-class facility, well-maintained with capacity that fills the needs across our own demand. So other than maintenance CapEx, we’re not expecting significant new CapEx associated with that facility.
Marc Casper: Ross, thanks for the question. Good morning. So as I think about industrial and applied, we grew low single digits in the quarter. Really, there’s two dynamics there, which is really good performance in chemical analysis and chroma mass spectrometry in the quarter. And as we mentioned last quarter, we’re assuming that industrial and applied is going to grow more modestly in the second half of the year due to the outstanding performance it had last year in the materials and structural analysis business. We saw some of that dynamic play out in Q2, and we expect that dynamic to continue for the balance of this year.
Marc Casper: So, Ross, in terms of the pipeline, we’re very busy. There’s a lot of activity that we’re looking at. And as you know, we have substantial capacity. We outlined that in our May analyst meeting. And over time, you’re going to see us deploy that capacity on the right transactions, and that’s how we think about it. And I’m very excited about what we closed and announced as well as the one divestiture that we did. And we’ll continue to be good stewards of our shareholders’ capital.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, when I think about the quarter, as you really look into the comps, it’s very similar to what we’ve seen. Geographically, China was strong, a little bit more muted in North America and Europe. The data center outage, in fact, at each of the end markets a little bit, including academic and government, probably affected industrial and applied the most. So as I talked to the teams around the world, they didn’t really see much of a change in terms of what that end market looks like.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the – our materials and structural analysis business, which includes electron microscopy and our spectroscopy instruments, we had modest growth in Q2. And our expectation is that we’ll have modest growth in the balance of the year in that business due to the very strong performance that we had in 2018. And we saw some of that dynamic play out in Q2. Pretty much in line with what we had expected during the beginning of the year. So you got visibility with that business usually about six months in terms of how things look. And the outlook looks positive for the long-term. In terms of the life sciences application, we’ve had really nice uptake in the pharmaceutical customer base, still a small proportion of the total. If you recall, when we acquired FEI, it really had the flagship universities around the world acquiring cryo-electron microscopy. And one of the things that we wanted to do was to democratize it towards the pharmaceutical industry, and that’s actually going very well. So that bodes well for the future and expect that over time, life sciences will continue to be a bigger and bigger proportion of total electron microscopy sales, and that bodes well for the long-term outlook for this business as well.
Marc Casper: In terms of Europe, conditions were pretty similar to what we’ve been seeing with some level of macroeconomic concern, not Thermo Fisher-specific concern, but there’s lots of buzz about what the world is going to look like. And conditions seem to continue to be stable from that perspective, and our team is doing a good job of serving customers well and helping them navigate the environment. So Europe is playing out with moderate growth.
Marc Casper: Great analytical question. So conditions are fine in China. When I look at the performance, we had mid-teens in the quarter. When I look at the outlook from the year, no change. There’s not a negative change going forward. So it’s not implying any slowdown in the growth relative to what we expected, and conditions continue to be good. So that’s very positive. One of the real highlights in China is the continued, rapid emergence of biotechnology industry in the country. And that bodes well for all of these innovation companies wanting to work with the best company in the field in terms of supporting their scale up. So really a good end market for us from that perspective. So nothing – no yellow flags as well to China.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about pharma and biotech in the end market, not a really strong quarter for us, and it was broad-based in terms of across our product lines. Excellent performance from pharma services and bioproduction. Our customers really respect and appreciate the value proposition. We help them with their innovation pipelines. We help them drive productivity. Because of the scale of the relationships we have, we have unique access to the decision-makers. And those customers are doing more business with us, but also the pipeline of activities with us is very strong. So that’s part of it. And these small and emerging companies, the innovators that are in the earlier stages of their history, really are about speed to market, and they’re relying on us to help them through their development work and scale up and help them with their logistics and clinical trials, all things that we do, and that’s also been driving very strong growth for us. So it’s broad-based. It’s not only by customer type within pharma and biotech, but it’s broad-based in terms of our product offering as well. So pretty good end market for us, and we’re uniquely positioned to capitalize on it.
Marc Casper: No, I’d say pretty normal conditions in terms of the end markets. I think that one of the things that’s really exciting was how ASMS played out for us, and that bodes well for the second half for our chromatography and mass spectrometry business. And it’s probably in the noise level, some stuff there, so I wouldn’t read too much into it. The conditions seem good. The teams felt good about what the outlook is for the business. In terms of the materials and structural analysis business, I think we covered that one already.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when you think about our products and services, our pharma services business had an excellent quarter. We had good growth in our channel business and more moderate growth in our lab products business. So that’s sort of how you get to the numbers that we reported in that segment. No change to the competitive dynamics in the channel business, and that business continues to perform very well.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Dan, thanks for the questions. China continues to be very strong. And when I look at the details of that, we have minimal exposure to the generics industry, so not a factor for us. And food continues to be fine from that perspective. When I think about the growth in the quarter, we had good growth in our materials and structural analysis business, but not as strong as it was in the prior year. So that’s probably the single biggest driver of the slight change in growth, but no change in the robust outlook for China for us for the year.
Marc Casper: Yes. When I think about the full year outlook, Pharma & Biotech is going to come in somewhere between high single and low double. That’s the range that it’s going to come in for the year.
Marc Casper: It’s a good question. I haven’t done all of the math that way. But I would think it would have been high single. If you took bioproduction out, you probably will have high single-digit growth in all the other businesses. We had businesses that – other businesses that also grew double digits beyond bioproduction and certainly a customer set. But bioproduction continues to be incredibly strong because of the outstanding market position we have in single-use technologies and cell culture media. Our customers are simply choosing to work with the industry leader and respect our technologies and our expertise, and that bodes well for the future.
Marc Casper: Yes. So we have done well when the pharmaceutical industry has consolidated because we are part of the synergy plans, and we bring our best thinking and help our customers meet their innovation and productivity level. So we will come with proposals to help them be more effective and meet their targets, and our growth has benefited from those events .So we have plans for each of those different combinations. And for the one that’s closed, we’re actively working with the customers; and the other ones, we’re in the planning phase
Marc Casper: We had another outstanding quarter in bioproduction. And of the results that I’ve read so far, we’re the fastest-growing bioproduction company organically. That’s how I would characterize it
Marc Casper: No. This is a business that we have consistently gained market share, I don’t know, for the last five, six years, maybe longer. And when I look at what the outlook is for the business, I look how the team performed, I look at the feedback from ASMS, it felt like another typical quarter for us.
Marc Casper: We obviously have exposure to all modalities. On a percentage base, I don’t know the exact split off from my head, but it’s going to be more weighted towards large molecule because life science tools and diagnostics, the industry has more activity in the value chain in biologics than they do small molecules. As you think about it, the technologies are actually used in the production of the medicines; whereas instruments in small molecule, well, they’re not. They’re just used in the QC of those medicines. So as the pipelines have shifted and activity has shifted to biologics, that’s benefited our industry and, in particular, it’s benefited us.
Marc Casper: Yes. A very small proportion of the total company, but another very strong quarter in oncology as we continue our strategy of helping oncologists diagnose patients, and we’ve had a very strong quarter in that segment of the business.
Marc Casper: Historically, we have not in terms of sort of a real dramatic change. And usually, the new plan is well socialized so that folks know what to focus on within the customer base.
Marc Casper: Sure. Paul, thank you for the question. So a small proportion of our pharma services business is making highly complex Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients that are made in the West. And we have a state-of-the-art facility in Linz, Austria, and we acquired a couple of years ago a state-of-the-art facility from Roche in South Carolina. As we looked at all of the development work that we have won, our capacity utilization is getting high. And it was much more cost-effective to buy another state-of-the-art facility from GSK and never thinking about breaking ground because facilities like this would cost $0.5 billion plus if you try to build it from scratch, if not more. And we’re acquiring that for EUR90 million with a base of business. And capacity utilization is attractive to a divesting entity because the facility is not fully utilized, and they know that we will be able to continue to utilize that facility, improve the economics through volume leverage and create a very strong assurance of supply for the existing medicines that are produced there. So it’s kind of a – it’s a – in a way, it’s a CapEx project is the way to think about it, but you’re buying it with some level of volume, an amazing workforce and state-of-the-art facility. So that’s the essence of the strategy there. So let me wrap up here. We’re pleased to have delivered an excellent first half. We’re in great position to achieve another outstanding year. And as always, thank you for the support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we look forward to updating you at the end of Q3. Thank you, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. It was a little bit impact from that system outage in terms of some of the revenue recognized in Q3 that would have been in Q2. For us, it really is just the kind of like the growth comps in terms of the progression there, Q1 to Q2.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Derik, thanks for the question. A couple of factors; one is FX as an impact on gross margins is about 3% headwind on the gross margin dollar line year-over-year. But the main feature really is the mix of businesses and the growth and the relative profitability at the gross margin level. With very strong growth in bioproduction, certain product lines in pharma services, and these have a relatively lower gross margin than other businesses in the company but good profitability, so it’s kind of a mixed element within that is really driving that, the gross margin level.
Stephen Williamson: We’re getting good leverage on our SG&A, which is driving overall good margin expansion of the bottom line. And I think the gross margin profile you’re seeing will play out for some time, but this is about strong growth in the right areas and delivering strong profitability down the bottom line that translates to EPS growth. So I think that’s the appropriate way to think about it.
Stephen Williamson: And Jack, as a reminder, that profile for this business is essentially built into our guidance from the beginning of the year and consistently in our guidance through the year.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. When you think about the revenue here, these are shipments that were about to be made in the last few days of the quarter. So we basically lost the contribution margins with the seasonal profitability that would have gone with them. So it was some impact, but not a significant impact in Q2.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So on Brammer, the timing of the announcement of the – of the closure of the acquisition had about $0.14 impact on the year. So that’s really in the second – that all comes in the second half of the year. In terms of the phase, well, I gave the phasing at the company level in terms of the organic growth, and you can think about that for the split between Q3 and Q4.
Stephen Williamson: So I guess in terms of the phasing, we really don’t go down to that level of detail, and we’ve given you help on that one. So I think that chroma mass spec and chemical analysis are expected to continue to do really well. And Marc outlined the profile for the electron microscopy business, just an idea of how we think the rest of the year will play out.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. And Dan, as a reminder, the way we guided for the year is essentially a normal year-end spend by our customers, which will include Pharma & Biotech in Q4, wherein we’ll see how that plays out in terms of comparison against two years of strong year-end spend in Q4.
Stephen Williamson: And their revenue base is actually pretty broad-based across different needs across China. So if you’re more a pure-play competitor, more exposed to one specific end market, it could be more material. But for us, the breadth really helps.
