Marc N. Casper: In terms of China, looking back at last year, mid-single digit growth in the quarter, mid-single digit growth for the full-year, bookings growth was stronger at high single-digit, so we built a little bit of backlog. From our perspective, we're assuming in the guidance that market conditions are going to be very similar in 2015 to 2014, and obviously when we hit an inflection point for accelerated growth and we'll obviously communicate it, but there's not a huge amount of transparency right now into when the government is going to step up spending. So based on the fact that 2015 has an easier comparison versus what we've had last year, that should hopefully be a conservative assumption on China.
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, the team across our businesses and across the globe performed very well, and the 6% organic growth, the strength in each of our business segments really was a highlight. Very nice to see the Life Sciences Solutions business had very strong growth in the quarter, delivered a very nice year overall with about 3.5% growth on the full-year which is about 1 point better than what it had been growing the prior year. So that's a real positive. But we saw good performance in our channel businesses, both in Specialty Diagnostics and in the Research and Safety one within Lab Products and Services, and generally a great year with our mass spec and chroma business as well, so really strong across the board.
Marc N. Casper: So that's a great question. So the way the team has thought about it is the following, which is Company is performing extraordinarily well operationally, good momentum with our customers, and when we looked at the FX headwind, the way the team has responded, is signed up for a more aggressive operating plan, right. So you look at it, the midpoint of our guidance at organic growth of 4% is stronger than the last few years. When you look at the underlying margin assumptions, EPS assumptions, with only $0.5 billion of capital deployment, you're seeing very strong fundamental actions. Some businesses took incremental cost actions, some businesses signed up for more growth, and basically we have a great team of people around the world, we discuss it business by business and so what's the best way to maximize our performance. So that's to look at how we're dealing with the situation right now at this moment in time. Looking forward, if rates improve, we're just going to let that flow to the bottom line and just raise the guidance. If rates deteriorate, then what the team is going to do is try to offset as much as we can without damaging obviously the Company for the long-term. So it's not a plus or minus, we're only – it moves evenly if the world gets more difficult, we'll offset what we can do, and if the world gets better that all goes to the bottom line. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Marc N. Casper: The way I look at it is, we have managed through lots of different environments and we exit every one of these periods a stronger, more competitive industry leader, and I view the FX changes as an opportunity for Thermo Fisher to plough through this and come out as an incredibly strong company with great financial performance, and we'll look back at this period, whether it's one month, six months or a couple of years in terms of this type of environment, and I think our shareholders and certainly our customers will say, wow, Thermo Fisher distinguished itself once again. So that's how we're thinking about it, we'll be super-aggressive in managing the business.
Marc N. Casper: So in the LPS segment, we have more exposure to the academic and government customer base there and that obviously had strong year-end spend both in Europe and the U.S., so that helped us from an end market perspective. And our Research Channel business, Research and Safety Channel business is doing great, it's performing well and I think it continues to gain market share. So it's a combination of those two events.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of forensics, we're the industry leader globally, we have a great position between our Sanger sequencing and some customers are starting to look at NGS and we play a role there as well. So we're leveraging our installed base and decades long relationships with these customers to make sure that they're getting what they need. It's a conservative customer base and we're well-positioned there. We work with a variety of governmental agencies as well to help them expand the market and create new opportunities for forensics testing, we're right in the midst of that, and that rewards us with good market share.
Marc N. Casper: Let me do the capital deployment one and then Pete will cover the other part. In terms of capital deployment, our assumption in the guidance is to have $1 billion. That we completed. In terms of the balance of how we think about the year, we'll continue to look at bolt-on M&A and where it makes sense we have a good pipeline, so we'll look at that. And then obviously as the year unfolds, we'll determine whether it makes sense to do additional share buybacks or not. So right now, what's embedded in the guidance is what we've done and then we'll update you in the future quarters about how we're going to deploy capital.
Marc N. Casper: So in pharma and biotech, obviously had a very strong year in 2014, high single digit growth in the quarter and the year. As we look to this coming year, there were some mid to high single digits simply because we have the Life Technologies included in the end market calculation. So that just makes it a bit of a broader base but we focus on gaining share. Academic and government, right now the funding level in the NIH is modest growth. There's a lot of dialog going on about increased opportunities but that hasn't yet obviously translated. Obviously there was a little bit of a mention in the State of the Union and Dr. Collins, the Head of the NIH, has been out actively talking to the industry and the constituents about opportunities to make investments there. So we'll see how that plays out, if it gets even stronger than what we anticipated at this point.
Marc N. Casper: It's a good question. So in terms of manufacturing, one of the things that we're doing, we're moving more of our production of reagents to our Lithuanian site which is both low-cost and obviously we'll benefit from the exchange rates. Over time, we'll increase sort of the natural hedge in our business by increasing our manufacturing footprint in Europe by selecting our lowest cost facility to do that. So we've got a very substantial presence in Lithuania and continue to expand that out.
Marc N. Casper: Great question. So given that we haven't done, after doing very large transactions we had a quieter year, it's a good opportunity to refresh everyone on our M&A approach, right, and it's obviously been fine-tuned over 15 years and we have a great track record here. The strategy is around, acquisitions have to strengthen the Company strategically. It has to be well understood and appreciated by our customers and it clearly has to create shareholder value as measured by return on invested capital. Our hurdle rate has remained the same over very long periods of time which is an 8.5% cost of capital is what we assume, it is the hurdle rate, meaning that we're targeting double-digit returns or better when we deploy capital internally or externally. In terms of areas of focus for M&A, it would cut across our higher tech portions of our portfolio, Life Sciences Solutions, Specialty Diagnostics, Analytical Instruments. And in terms of the scale of deals, we don't have any size constraints, although the way I think about it is, over the last 10, 15 years, we've done two large deals and we've done, I don't know, 75 to 100 bolt-ons, right. So the predominance of what we do is bolt-ons and in any given year you should expect us to look at some smaller transactions, and then once every few years when the stars line up sometimes larger things happen. In terms of the target leverage ratios, we like to operate day to day in the 2.5x to 3x. We're willing to spike up to about 4.5x. So we have plenty of capacity at any point in time if we want to deploy capital on something that clearly creates shareholder value, and occasionally those larger opportunities present themselves, but I think you should expect us to be doing bolt-on acquisitions as based on where the number of companies really are in terms of opportunities.
Marc N. Casper: I mean generally the LSS – I mean not generally, specifically, the LSS team is doing an incredible job of managing the business, the team is nailing it. Is it likely that we'll have very large transaction there? No, I think it's a little likely here event, but I'm very confident in the team, but I would say we're really focused on running what we have, and where things to create shareholder value and strengthen the Company, we'll look at them.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the continuation of the ability to gain share, the leverage of our value proposition, highly, highly confident, we have gotten only better, right. We have more experience, more case studies, more customers willing to do referrals and even more capabilities with the addition of Life Technologies to our portfolio. So we're doing well and we have lots of opportunity to continue to drive that, we're expanding the number of accounts we're focused on and generally I feel great about it. In terms of visibility, I have pretty good visibility into the end market. I mean it bounces around a little bit quarter to quarter. In terms of – the easiest way to answer is more how to think about the year, alright, if we're saying – we are saying, the 4% organic growth is the midpoint of the guidance for the full-year for the Company, we have a little lower organic growth in Q1, as Pete mentioned in his opening comments, and we expect the second half of the year to be slightly stronger than the first half of the year on an organic basis. So that is a comment on all the end markets as opposed to a comment specifically on pharma, Doug.
Marc N. Casper: So, Steve, as we look at 2015, we're expecting low single digits but a little bit better than the low single digits we delivered in 2014. We're expecting the U.S. to be slightly stronger because the customer base has more visibility to the budgets now and that allows them to spend. So that should play out exactly as we thought on the academic and government, which was weaker spending in the first half of the year, stronger spending in the second. We expect this year the environment to be stable and modest growth, so U.S. a little better. We think Europe will be a little bit more muted just given the economic environment there, but still a little better in aggregate across the globe.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of overall activity, the fourth quarter is by far the strongest because you've had some factors change over the last few years. One is the way healthcare utilization patterns have operated with low activity in the beginning of the year and then it ramps. So in terms of absolute dollars, Q4 is very strong. In terms of the organic growth, it shouldn't affect things, right. Organic growth in that respect shouldn't be affected by that change. What is happened, at least as we look back at the last couple of years in the fourth quarter is, the economic environment has been pretty stable and customers have been willing to release year-end funds. In both years, it was always at the beginning of those years some uncertainty, could the world be bad, and at the end of the year the world played out okay and people released money. So I think there's a bit of a people holding back until the end of the year, a little bit of caution, and then if things look okay then they release funds. So I think that's going on a little bit.
Marc N. Casper: Great. So let me thank everyone. We're going to wrap-up the call. Obviously we're pleased to deliver an outstanding quarter, a great year in 2014. We're looking forward to build on that momentum, have a really strong 2015, and of course thanks for the support to Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Thanks everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: Then on the tax rate, so Tycho, we've baked in a significant amount of tax planning actions into our guidance, and as I said we've included the R&D tax credit, so that's worth about $20 million. It hasn't been approved yet but it's been approved the last number of years. So we decided to put it into our guidance this time around. So if that doesn't happen for some reason, then we would actually have to come up with $20 million of incremental tax planning in order to offset it, which we feel confident that we can do, but that's the way it's set up in our guidance.
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. So just in terms of the split between the elements of the P&L, if you take the midpoint, of 60 basis points about 30 comes from gross margin and about 30 comes from SG&A, and we expect to hold the R&D percent of revenue pretty much flat year-over-year. And then in terms of how it breaks out between the different elements, FX and price/volume mix, so price/volume mix is about 50 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, foreign exchange is a 70 basis point dilution. There's about 10 basis points net between the acquisition and divestiture. So that represents the divestitures related to the acquisition as well as the Cole-Parmer divestiture, and then just picking up one month of Life Technologies that we didn't get last year. Productivity, about 190 basis points; synergy, 70 basis points; inflation, negative 90; and then about 100 basis points of investments. That's a pretty similar profile to what we've seen in prior years with the exception of obviously the foreign exchange dilution is very significant. So other than that, it's pretty much a normal year.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, I did. It's 60 million in revenue and we're assuming about 20 million EBITDA pull-through on that.
