Marc Casper: Jack, thanks for the question. So probably best to start one level up, and then I’ll get to the details of it, right? When I think about pharma and biotech more broadly, right, it’s our largest end market, represents about 60% of our business performing incredibly well, right? Mid-teens growth this quarter, mid-teens growth year-to-date. And that growth number actually doesn’t include PPD, right, which is actually growing in the quarter, grew faster, right? So very strong, it’s broad-based. Customer demand continues to be strong across the portfolio. All our businesses are performing very nicely. The long-term trends look very positive. And when I think back and I think because we live in a moment, if you go back the last 5 years, it actually averaged for this whole segment mid-teens growth, right? So it’s not this year or this quarter. It’s really been a long-term trend long before COVID, right? So very, very strong. Now so what’s going on in bioproduction, right? There is obviously been a lot of commentary over the last week on the topic. And as a reminder, we have a leading presence to cell culture media, single-use technologies and actually quite a rapidly growing purification business. In aggregate, it’s less than 10% of our total revenue. It’s an awesome business, right? They performed very well in the quarter. It grew faster than the pharma and biotech average. The dynamics are very good, and we’re very well positioned to deliver great growth going forward in serving our customer base.
Marc Casper: What I would say is if I think about where we are and think about the third quarter, right, it was a terrific quarter. If you look at the strength, right, that we had in terms of our core growth it’s really broad-based, right? And you look at it and you say, alright, pharma and biotech that grew in the mid-teens. Industrial and applied, that grew in the high teens. Academic and government grew in the mid-single digits. And the core in healthcare and diagnostics, which is the indicator of what’s going on in that end market, that actually was a mid-single-digit growth as well. So it’s really very strong. So I like where we are at the 9 months. And in terms of exactly how we will be in ‘23, we will obviously talk about that in January in terms of what the outlook is. But certainly, at this point in the year, our end markets are strong, and our company’s performance has been exceptional.
Marc Casper: So I’ll start, and I’m sure Stephen will chime in as well. So obviously, at a high level, we will get into this in January, right? Why do we do January is we will have the benefit of two things, which is where was the exact finish to the year, what’s our jumping-off point? And second, what is the most close in view of the macro environment, right? So we will see how that plays out in January. But – excuse me. So if I go through the components, right? Obviously, the company is performing at an incredibly strong level. So that was very encouraging. As Stephen outlined, it will be a headwind that could change, obviously. But right now, we gave you that number so that you can at least update the models to reflect what current FX range rates are. And that’s about $1 billion of revenue headwind and about $0.75 of adjusted EPS. The second one that I think is important, and it’s an assumption, which is we’re assuming in the fourth quarter that we’re at an endemic level of COVID-19 testing. So that’s $100 million of revenue in the quarter. And if that plays out in that way, then I think that’s a reasonable assumption per quarter for next year. So you’re going to have the view on the COVID runoff down to the endemic rate on testing. And from the rest of the perspective, the business is in really good shape. And Stephen, you can comment on margins or anything else that I might have missed.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, in terms of vaccines and therapies, as a reminder, we said we would expect to do in our core revenue about $1.5 billion this year. We did just under $400 million in Q3. That brings the year-to-date to $1.3 billion and on track to achieve or exceed the $1.5 billion. So I feel good about that. Our – as a reminder, on electron microscopy, it’s not correlated to the CapEx spend. It’s correlated to R&D and new nodes and that business is performing incredibly well in terms of growth, with bookings all of the different metrics really doing incredibly well. Thank you, Derik.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Patrick, thanks for the question and a follow-up on that. So if I think about inventory, right, and I read some of the Q&A that happened last week. And somehow that translated into our own share price, which is a little bit of a head scratcher to me. If you think about inventory levels, right, I guess I always start at the high level. Three of our businesses, which are a large portion of the company, literally have nothing to do with inventory at all, right, which is pharma services, our clinical research business and our analytical instrument business has nothing to do with inventory. So I think it’s important to remember that. The second, when you get down to the businesses that do have inventory levels, some of which we hold, some of which our customers hold, we do have really good visibility into it. And we help our customers appropriately manage those levels of inventory. I feel good about the position that we’re in, alright? And for the couple of customers that might have COVID-related things, I’m sure that they purchased a bit more because they had a high range of demand volatility that they were managing. But in terms of our bioproduction business, it grew well faster than pharma and biotech. The outlook is really strong, and I feel very well positioned going forward.
Marc Casper: And Patrick, the only thing I would add to that is when you think about how we describe the approach, right, we are not marking it up, right. We are driving substantial productivity. We are passing through an appropriate level of pricing to reflect real cost increase, and we are helping our customers through this period of time. And that’s how we thought about it. And we think that’s the right thing, given the importance of Thermo Fisher to our customers. And we will do an appropriate level of pricing based on the environment in ‘23 as we get into.
Marc Casper: So, Vijay, thanks for the question. So, when I think about how do we think about growth, right, is 7% to 9%. And if you take the long-term model, right. So, I am not commenting on ‘23. I don’t make a comment there. But that’s industry-leading, right. I think folks forget that. That’s – that number is higher than anybody else has committed to in the industry. So, I feel great about that. And of course, we are the biggest company, so which makes it super cool, right, in terms of what that says about share gain, right. So, I think that sometimes is forgotten. We are not constraining ourselves to 7% to 9%, right. We are growing 12% this year, right. And the measure that we actually use is, are we doing a good job, right. I mean the 7% to 9% is assuming 4% to 6% market growth over the long period. The market growth is a little better than that. I feel great about our 12% performance. When we sit here at the end of 2022, what we do know is that our business will have been larger as a starting off point than what we assumed in the long-term model. So, right there, we have had more core growth that will offset some of the transition from vaccines and therapies that move into the other parts of core. So, we are super well positioned. And we will figure out is 7% to 9% the right number. That’s kind of our default unless something is radically different as a starting point to a year. And obviously, if the conditions are super robust, it could be higher than that. If we are in a gale-force recession, it could be lower than that, right. But I think at this point in the year, the long-term is we are doing better on the top line. We are right on track on EPS and we are incredibly well positioned into 2023, and we will figure it out. And I don’t think we are going to surprise anybody, right. We will all look at the macro and say, yes, those numbers make a ton of sense based on what the environment is as we sit here in January. And once again, we will be ambitious, and we will deliver great performance.
Marc Casper: So, in terms of the macroeconomic environment, beyond the inflationary impacts, which we had explained, actually, our end markets have been very strong. As you know, I gave you the cut by the four kind of customer sets, actually geographically, no particular pattern that jumps out as a concern. When you look at Europe, the core growth actually was 10% growth. So, Europe was actually strong. And it makes sense because you have a large pharma and biotech proportion of that. So, that was good. And our assumption is that in China, which will have a very good year and a good quarter, it’s probably slightly lower than the long-term historical view. And that’s mostly the COVID policies there. So, we are always looking for is there something lurking, but right now, things remain strong. Fourth quarter, it’s the same assumptions that we have been using all year, which is we haven’t been adjusting our forward-looking quarters. We basically took the original quarters. And as we delivered a strong quarter, we raised the full year based on what we delivered and have kept the convention for the upcoming quarters the same as what we had done in the past. That implies growth in line with the long-term organic outlook for the business. And obviously, we will deliver the strongest possible growth that we can. We will just see how the quarter plays out.
Marc Casper: Yes. Thanks for the question. And the instruments business is performing really well, continuing the trend. It’s great to have the growth rates that we delivered in terms of mid-teens organic growth in the quarter and which is terrific. Bookings were very strong. So, the outlook remains very good. Very impressed with how our chromatography and mass spectrometry business did. It’s our fastest-growing business in the quarter and great growth in our electron microscopy and really good performance in chemical analysis. So, actually, the business strength is widespread and broad-based. So, it looks very good as we are finishing up the year.
Marc Casper: So, Rachel, thanks for the question. When I think about our pharma services business, it was one of the highlights for performance in the quarter. It’s been a good growth driver for the company. Customers are driving towards more outsourcing. The smaller companies have less manufacturing and development capabilities in-house. So, the secular trends here are fantastic. We have an industry-leading position. We have been investing in new capabilities, strengthening quality systems, capacity, infrastructure, all of those things to position it well. And it’s our job to do great work every day for our customers and focused on doing that really well. And that’s what we are focused on, and it’s important that we do it. And we want to grow at a reasonable rate and just make sure that we are doing great work every day for our customers.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Dan, thanks for the question. So, as a reminder, back in early 2021, we outlined our goals for expanding our capacity to meet the really strong long-term growth trends in our pharma services and our bioproduction businesses. And really, what we did is we looked at our 5-year roadmap of what we were planning to bring forward, and we pulled some of those things forward. In bioproduction, we made three specific investment decisions, some expansion of our single-use technology network. We opened a facility, a second facility in Utah. We opened up a facility in Tennessee. Both of those are operational. We expanded our Grand Island, New York cell culture media facility, that’s also largely complete. And we just opened our purification facility in Massachusetts, which is our second purification facility. So, we are largely complete with the investments in bioproduction. But we are not operating at full capacity of that. We are not operating full shift seven days a week in the new facilities. We are rather going through the thoughtful ramp up. And that will continue to ramp up through 2023 and even into 2024 to bring it to kind of more of the full utilization. We feel very good about the demand environment. So, that capacity is bringing lead times back to more normal pre-pandemic levels, which is terrific. And that will position us really well for share gain. When I think about purification, which I think is worth a moment on, we were literally capacity constrained. We had demand that was so strong that we weren’t able to bring on a lot of new business over the last few months. And it’s great to have Johnsonville [ph] online because that allow us to continue to support the growth of new molecules and our customers. So, that’s a quick recap on that.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, our clinical research business, right, it serves an attractive end market within pharma and biotech, again, similar in a way to our pharma services business, more the innovations coming from the smaller companies. That really lends well to partnering with a clinical research organization. Our business is growing at a very high level. As Stephen highlighted, we are expecting 14% growth assumed in our guidance for the year, which is very strong. And what I am really excited about is the reaction from customers. I have seen quite a few customers in the third quarter and really had the opportunity to discuss what we are doing in clinical research services. And feedback is exciting. Our revenue synergies are very strong. They don’t show up in the revenue to-date. They show up in the authorization for the future. And which is why I was able to really highlight that the business is not only ahead of the short-term deal model, but the projection is it will be well ahead over the long-term deal model. And we are excited about the momentum we will carry with that business going into 2023.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, one of the powers of our PPI Business System and the benefits of our scale is to be able navigate the supply chain challenges that have existed in the world. And I would put energy availability as a potential challenge in Europe as we get into the winter. So, we went site-by-site and looked at what is the source of energy and made appropriate adjustments. So, a number of sites, we moved off of natural gas or there was a situation where the government said that we are going to be supplied. It’s different scenarios depending on which country, what site, what purpose. So, I feel like we are well positioned to navigate that environment. In terms of research funding, it seems good. I mean obviously, the next level of European funding is being considered this month and at least what the public discussion is positive about the funding environment there. In terms of energy costs…
Marc Casper: Business performed great. We obviously had 18% growth in the quarter, 14% growth outlook for the year. The way wage inflation works in that business is it gets passed through in the normal course pricing in the contract, so that you could have a quarter or something lag. But effectively, if there is unusual wage inflation that this gets passed through to the customer base. So, I don’t see any particular significant challenge there. So, let me wrap it up here. As you heard this morning, another excellent quarter, we are on track to deliver an outstanding year, and that’s going to set us up for a very bright future. And as always, thanks for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we turn into 2023. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Derik, we look forward to giving you full details in 3 months’ time in terms of the Q4 call. But think about the margin profile, there are different elements of the revenue, and think about how we model it in the long-term model for the company. 50 basis points of expansion on core essentially equates to about 30% pull-through on the margin profile and the revenue dollars increasing from a core standpoint. The FX headwind that we outlined on the call, that’s also roughly a 30% margin pull-through. And on testing, it’s a very profitable element of our business. And we factor in appropriately addressing the variable costs and the non-repeat of some of the colleague compensation one-time that we did this year. That pull-through on testing is – no, just 10% margin higher than the core. So, that will help you with modeling in terms around your own assumptions around the organic growth and testing and FX. And as I said, that’s all incorporated in the long-term model. And then on the call, I called out that 60 basis points impact from the – added impact of added inflation and what we’re doing on pricing and managing the company well to offset the impacts of the added inflation as more revenue to the company and negate the impact of the additional inflation. So, no net impact on operating income dollars. So when I think about all of that wrapped up for our long-term financial model we gave you back in May, we’re on track to achieve or exceed the adjusted EPS target we put at that. We’re managing very well through the dynamic times. Look forward to giving more details in ‘23 on the next call.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, have a better view on inflation three months’ time, but we are effectively managing the dynamics now and expect to effectively manage them going forward. And this has been about pricing just if you can in an inflation environment. It’s pricing appropriately, given the inflation dynamics and then bringing our customers along with us on that journey. So, I feel good about our ability to manage the dynamic going forward should the inflation levels remain at the elevated level.
Stephen Williamson: No, I think the dynamics that I outlined earlier on is going to pull through. The assumption there is that don’t repeat. We will figure out what the current situation is during the year and make the right calls and manage the company appropriately. But when I think about that pull-through on the testing, that includes the non-repeat on those actions as well.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, in terms of the core growth in Europe, it’s about 10%, excluding FX, excluding the testing side of things as well. So, good strong growth across the region. And as Marc said, it’s a good concentration in pharma and biotech in the region, which is a strong growth business for us. So, yes, around about 10% in Europe. Great. Thanks Rachel.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. In terms of the energy cost, this is not material. What’s material is make sure you are managing the ability to stay open the supply chain and looking into your customers. So, that’s where we are spending our time and effort. And we switch the energy type. And it’s about staying open and meeting that to our customers to support them through this.
