Marc N. Casper: So, Derik, in terms of Analytical Instruments, we had very strong performance from our chromatography and mass spectrometry business. It's good to see chemical analysis also return to growth. FEI had strong double-digit growth in the quarter. Obviously, it was a partial quarter impact just given the anniversary, but obviously, electron microscopy also contributed to the strong growth.
Marc N. Casper: If I think about what's happened in industrial and applied end markets, we saw real strength in Asia-Pacific. The U.S. has been pretty consistent. Customers really haven't talked much about sitting on the sidelines because of potential tax regulations. So I think the U.S. has not been strong with industrial. It's been slowly recovering. So I don't think we're expecting a big factor one way or the other from U.S. tax policy on demand.
Marc N. Casper: So, Tycho, thanks for the question. When I think about how the FEI business has performed, given that it's just past the one-year anniversary, it's a good time to reflect on what's happened. I think at the highest level, the business has benefited tremendously from our integration approach, right? Our PPI Business System has helped them expand capacity. And our business management system, part of PPI, ruthless prioritization on the most important things has allowed both the materials sciences businesses and the life sciences businesses to really significantly accelerate growth over anything the business has delivered over the last number of years, and the team has done a fabulous job of executing. When I think about the two end markets, materials sciences is in a strong part of the cycle. That's both industrial and semiconductor customers. Semiconductor has been very strong, but we've also seen a nice acceleration in our life sciences customers as well as strong bookings growth as well. So the businesses are performing well across all fronts. The new products are geared towards both the nano material research on the materials science side. And on the life sciences side, we are getting some level of interest from biotech and pharma customers, although it's still a bit early, but the feedback has been positive. When you summarize the whole story on FEI, I think the way I would characterize it, performance has been so strong that relative to the underwriting case that we talked about when we announced the deal on the call a little over a year ago, we're going to meet our ROIC hurdle a full year earlier than what we articulated back then. So it's been a great acquisition, off to a great start, and we're going to fully capitalize on the opportunities ahead.
Marc N. Casper: So, Tycho, in terms of bioproduction, we had moderate growth, very similar to what we saw in Q2. We continue to see very strong early indicators that really showed up in the biosciences business for cell culture media and sera as well as in the smaller biotech demand for our clinical trials activity. So the early indicators, leading indicators are very strong, and conditions were similar to what we saw in Q2 with moderate growth.
Marc N. Casper: So I'll do a little bit of it and then Stephen will give maybe a more comprehensive view. In terms of the fourth quarter, other than bringing our Manati, Puerto Rico site back online, we're not expecting really any impact from weather. So what you would see from that in the fourth quarter is embedded in our guidance of about a $0.05 headwind, probably a little bit we got at the end of the third quarter, but a $0.05 headwind in Manati based on just getting the operation back online. And, Stephen, you might want to discuss some puts and takes.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks for the question. So the company is performing extremely well. When I think about the quarter, 5% organic growth. When I think about the end markets, we saw improved performance and really strong execution, both academic and government and industrial, applied, very, very positive. When I think about the outlook for Q4, basically we've raised our outlook for organic growth based on the Q3 performance. We've maintained for the fourth quarter the same level of organic growth that we assumed back in July. And the reason we did that is there's always a range of outcomes on what year-end spend is, and we're obviously going to drive to the highest possible number. So I think in the fourth quarter, the things we look at is where does FX rates finally settling at, and ultimately what's the level of year-end spend. And as you look back over many years past, we'll do a good job of capitalizing on all the market opportunities out there and creating some new ones as well.
Marc N. Casper: So, Doug, in terms of the fourth quarter, a couple points, the first of which is we were very comfortable banking everything we delivered versus our expectations organically in Q3 and then subsequently raising the guidance. We chose to keep the Q4 number the same as it is because, as you know, it's the one with the widest level of variation based on year-end spend, and we've assumed year-end spend to be exactly the same level as last year. So we believe that the range of outcomes has the possibility for better performance. So I think that's one way to think about it. I think the other way is, just when you go through the numbers, we have a more challenging comparison in our electron microscopy business in the fourth quarter. So it will be above the company average and we're very confident of that, but the contribution might be a little bit smaller in Q4 than what we saw in Q3.
Marc N. Casper: Probably from our company perspective, it's better to give the pharma and biotech as an end market. And when I look at that, obviously, solid mid-single-digit growth in the quarter, real strength in the research applications. Bioproduction had moderate growth. It was a little bit slower, but still a good contributor. We saw some of our customers managing their inventory. Really with the advent of biosimilars becoming more important, I think customers are just managing inventory in a more prudent fashion. But the pipeline of new molecules is quite promising, and it will take some time to ramp up. So we're very, very bullish on the long-term prospects of bioproduction. We're very bullish on our competitive position across pharma and biotech, and it continues to be a great end market for us.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I think you'll continue to see gross margins expand, and certainly in the electron microscopy business just given the mix over time. The life sciences business a number of years ago was a lower-margin business for legacy FEI. And through our PPI Business System as well as our commitment to innovation, those products are increasing their margins. The materials science applications are, of course, still higher margins. They're a more fully established set of products. So mix matters within the business, but in the underlying pieces, margins are expanding in both.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of the fourth quarter guidance, we're actually quite bullish on what the outlook is for the business. The end markets actually look good. So it is obviously – roughly around the 4% range would be what's implied based on the July guidance. And as we've talked, there's obviously a range of outcomes, with a good year-end finish could drive that higher. So that's the way to think about it.
Marc N. Casper: So we feel good about Q4. From that perspective, everything looks strong and solid. So I don't think there's much there. In terms of going into 2018, looking at the end markets, we'll obviously give the more holistic view for the year when we get on to the January call. But based on what's going on in Washington, we're expecting a budget to get into place with NIH growth towards the end of this year, which would set up as a positive for next year. Obviously, in industrial and applied, at the beginning of this year we're talking about a recovery, and obviously we're seeing good growth there. And pharma and biotech has been solid throughout the year. So at least as we see the world right now, we're entering 2018 with a lot of really good things going on. So I feel good about how the team is executing.
Marc N. Casper: Patrick, great question. So I've had a chance to visit a number of the sites and meet with all the general managers of each of the sites and all the quality leaders. It's a really strong team. There's plenty of capacity to be leveraged, right? So what's exciting about the Patheon business is that it really is about driving operational efficiency and then leveraging our commercial reach to further fill up the plants. So incremental volumes really does flow through at an attractive rate. So driving the top line here is going to be a key driver, and our PPI Business System is going to help drive further benefits within the plants. Some of the cost synergies, obviously, is duplicative corporate costs and things of that sort. So you get those right away, and that flows quickly. And as we continue to drive volume growth, you'll see it flow through at an attractive rate. So it's early days but very, very encouraging, and we're looking forward to really leveraging our commercial infrastructure because the customer feedback has been great about the combination. So we're very bullish. It's early, but very bullish at this point.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so mid-single-digit growth in industrial, another quarter of growth in our chemical analysis business, really strong Analytical Instruments performance across chrome, mass spec, electron microscopy, environmental instruments, so good demand there. Asia-Pacific was very strong. The U.S. is growing but it's growing moderately. So that obviously still hasn't fully benefited from the recovery, but we're definitely seeing real strength in Asia. So pretty encouraging in terms of where industrial and applied is. And the applied markets continue to be very, very positive. And certainly, we saw that in our environmental instruments, and we just launched a new air monitor and that makes a difference for that marketplace as well. So really a much better part of the cycle than we've been reporting over the last couple of years.
Marc N. Casper: So, Paul, thanks for the question. So in terms of academic and government, it was really good to see mid-single-digit growth globally. That's a very strong quarter. North America was consistent with the last few quarters with modest growth, and we're expecting an NIH budget to show an increase of $1 billion to $2 billion ultimately, and that should continue momentum into 2018 as well. So generally, conditions here in the U.S. are stable and growing modestly. Europe was very good, right? So we saw that across a variety of our instrument offerings. In particular, Germany was releasing funds, which was good, but we saw broad-based demand from a number of countries. So I think getting back to a more stable, growing European economy, you're seeing governments invest in academic and research, and that was a real positive in the quarter. And it was great to translate it into our whole business, which grew mid-single digits in Europe. So it's very encouraging.
Marc N. Casper: So orders grew strongly in the quarter. We have a very strong backlog and good visibility for the business. The life sciences business, you can think of it as a rapidly growing business, and therefore it's not really subject to the economic cycles as much. The materials science business does have a cyclical nature to it. It's in a really very positive part of the cycle. And as we read, certainly for the next quarter, that's very strong. The next year's comparison will be more challenging just given how strong the growth was this year, but we're very positive on the outlook for the electron microscopy business.
Marc N. Casper: When I look at the chrome and mass spec growth that we've delivered for a number of quarters relative to what we can see from the external market, we've been gaining share, meaning we're growing faster than the others that are reporting the numbers. And as you recall, when you look at the growth, up until the last quarter or two, the chemical analysis business, which is not a mass spec business, had been declining. So when you looked at the segment, it looked like moderate growth, but underlying that was strong mass spectrometry growth. The reasons for that I think are twofold. One of the things is, as you advance technologies, it opens up new desire for the leading researchers to buy the products. So we continue to innovate, and therefore the funding cycle actually follows that innovation. So as long as the industry is bringing out relevant new products, these best researchers get the money. So the funding environment has been good. And ASMS was a great conference for us this year back in June, and it's rare that I highlight the quarter after product launches how well received they are, but our two triple-quads and our new Q Exactive really are off to a fantastic start. So it's a good market and really solid execution for share gain has been what's driving that.
Marc N. Casper: I think probably it's more the macro of chemical analysis growing versus being a headwind because they had been shirking for several years. It's been a couple quarters of growth. So that really makes a big difference. Even though it's moderate growth, it really does matter because chrome and mass spec has done well. And then we got some benefit from electron microscopy, which had a very strong quarter. So that combination really was the big driver. In terms of geography, the one area I would call out as being just very strong was Asia-Pacific. It was very good across all segments for our Analytical Instruments markets.
Marc N. Casper: When I think about the programs in companion diagnostics, we are getting our lab partners up and running on our Oncomine Target DX companion diagnostic. LabCorp was up and running; more will get online. So that business will build throughout the fourth quarter and into 2018. As you know, the entire next-gen sequencing business is less than 2% of our total revenue. So it's not a huge business, but certainly the oncology portion is encouraging in terms of the actions going there.
Marc N. Casper: Great, Derik, thanks. So let me wrap it up. First of all, when I think about where we are at this point in the year, we're really in a great position to finish the year strongly, and I look forward to reporting a successful 2017 in January. Of course, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so just some additional color. So the $675 million of revenue for Patheon that we've added to guidance, $190 million of that was recognized in Q3. And then in terms of Q4 for the net accretion, including the impact of the Puerto Rico issue for that site, it's still $0.02 additional accretion in that $0.12 change that I gave you at the midpoint.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so we're appropriately investing in that business for the long term. And you see that, the results of that in the new products that have being introduced this quarter. But we're also printing very good EPS from the high growth that we're seeing this year. As you look at the first 12 months of this acquisition, as you said, we outlined $0.30 back at the beginning of the deal, and I think the actual number was $0.43, so very strong contribution from the acquisitions. And a significant amount of that was basically the base business revenue being higher. The synergies are running a little bit ahead. Probably $0.01 – about $0.02 of that beat was synergy-related. The rest was really from the base revenue.
Stephen Williamson: And just one other factor, the life sciences side of the businesses, the service stream for that is really ramping up. And that's slightly – that delays from the ramp-up in the instrument placements. So that will also help gross margins as we go out the next couple of years.
Stephen Williamson: But one additional factor is, Jack, is that we have deferred revenue accounting adjustments at the beginning of the transaction, and it's fairly sizable for this deal. It's about $20 million of impact on revenue and profitability in Q4 for the Patheon transaction.
Stephen Williamson: So sequentially, really the impact is weather. It was fairly concentrated in that segment, so it was about a percentage of growth for the segment. That's really the sequential change. And then the clinical trial, we will sunset that by the end of Q4. There's still some run-over revenue that were lapping in Q4. We'd probably be done with that by the end of the year.
Stephen Williamson: And just as a reminder, the electron microscopy is currently showing up in industrial and applied and academic and government, where the concentration of revenue is.
Daniel Arias: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks, maybe just two on FEI. Stephen, on the top line, I'm just curious how much of the organic growth that you're seeing is actually falling through versus being reinvested. And then along those lines, we're coming into year-one accretion that's more like $0.40 than $0.30. And so is that right? I'm just wondering maybe if you have a view on year-two accretion or synergies given where the performance is.
Daniel Arias: I'm just trying to understand how much within that business you're actually letting through to the bottom line. And then on accretion, for the year-one target that you had of $0.30, we're looking at more like $0.40. I'm just looking to see if that was right.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then Marc had highlighted the new products that you've launched there recently. So I guess as we think about the gross margins for the AI business, I'm just curious whether you think that segment can benefit from an improving profile there. Prior to the deal, those guys had emphasized better gross margins on the newer instruments that were being launched. So I'm just curious if you think that's something that's meaningful at all going forward.
