Marc Casper: Sure, Derik. Let’s start with the Analytical Instruments. So, there are two business units within that segment, chroma [ph] mass spec continues to grow high single digits and grew that in the quarter. Our chemical analysis, which is really the industrially related business, is declined in the mid single digit. So, when you kind of look at it versus the various kind of sub peers chroma [ph] mass spec continues to do extraordinarily well in the marketplace and chemical analysis is operating like most of the peers are very heavily industrially oriented. Towards the second part of your question, more of the broader Thermo Fisher industrial and applied exposure, about 20% of our revenue is industrial and applied; roughly half of that is applied and half is industrial. Applied markets continue to be strong. As I mentioned in my remarks, China continues to be very good for us. In the industrial markets, we really haven’t seen any inflection point; it’s really been continued soft conditions which we’ve had over the last few years. And then, in terms of Europe and Brexit, really just given how late the UK announcements came in at quarter, really had no impact in terms of the revenue outlook. It obviously had a lot of movement in volatility, and there might have been a little conservatism in the UK spend itself, but nothing significant in the quarter.
Marc Casper: So, in terms of our China business, in China at the end of last quarter really good strength across the end-markets. The pure industrial continues to be soft but applied markets very good, healthcare was very good in the quarter, as well as big focus on the life sciences area, which is the convergence of historically, life science tools into the diagnostic applications with precision medicine. While we don’t manage our business by the end-markets, we manage by our businesses, what you see is in that particular end-market, applied markets because of the importance of environmental protection and food safety, is much larger as a percent of the total mix than the other markets around the world. So, those markets are good. China continues to deliver very strong growth, and bookings once again exceeded revenue in the quarter and it bodes well for the short-term as well.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, in terms of biotech and pharma customers, another strong quarter, because of the benefits of both the good end-market as well as really how well our value proposition resonates. In the quarter, the high single digit growth, it really had the most challenging comparison year-over-year. So, that end-market continues to perform well. Bioproduction was the strongest of the businesses; the consumables channel business had a good quarter there as well as did biosciences. We did get growth in our clinical trials logistics business, a little bit slower growth than the last few quarters, but that was something we anticipated because of very, very strong comparison in Q2. So, the fundamentals there are good and the outlook continues to be strong in the biopharma end-market.
Marc Casper: Sure. So, in terms of the life science solutions business, had a very strong quarter, and it really is driven by good performance across the businesses. So, when you look at it, bioproduction had a very strong quarter, biosciences continues to grow well. Our nextgen sequencing business grew very strongly in the teens, and our genetic analysis business had organic growth that was also quite stable across all of its platforms. So, very strong execution across the quarter; obviously, the fastest growing portions are bioproduction and the nextgen sequencing businesses.
Marc Casper: Yes, I would say -- I am not -- while I have an economics degree, I am not an economist, and I’m not going to call the bottom. When I look at the various reports, they were quite mixed, Granger [ph] had very negative outlook, some companies were very positive, specifically about the industrial end-markets. So, I think it’s too early to call a bottom. But, if we see it, obviously that would be clearly a positive upside because we’re not baking in any improvement in the balance of the year. So, if that happens, that clearly would drive us above the organic growth rates that Stephen outlined.
Marc Casper: So, you’re clearly seeing an expansion of the biopharma industry in terms of the activity, not necessarily where drugs are consumed, but the activity in the South Koreas, the Chinas of the world. So, I think back over various cycles, they become so small relative to the U.S. and western Europe but more meaningful. So, that’s clearly a positive. We’ve seen good growth there. India has been a good growth driver as well. So, it’s encouraging from kind of longevity. When you look at what’s going on, I think the single biggest driver is that the quality of the research and new entities getting approved, right? And because the funding ultimately is Western Europe and the U.S., and as long as drugs are getting through to the market and demand is strong there, they will be funding that’s very robust in R&D. So, it’s less to me cyclical than right now they are in a sweet spot of the science turning into drugs that’s turning into demand for our products. So, we feel good about it. And the fact, even in what I think is very good end-markets, there is an efficiency driver amongst that customer base, whether it’s small biotech or large pharma, and that plays to our sweet spot for sure. We see it in the results across quarter in and quarter out, the very strong performance in the biopharma customer set for us. So, we feel very well-positioned in a good end-market.
Marc Casper: Sure. So, let me give you our first read on Affy, we don’t refer basically one quarter. The integration is going extremely well. We continue to be on track to deliver the EPS accretion for 2016 loss that we outlined, which is about $0.06. Synergies are running ahead of schedule in terms of timing on the cost side, so that’s very good. The eBioscience business is performing well; the flow cytometry market looks attractive. Our Attune flow cytometer has good adoption, the revenue synergies there should come out very strong. So, of all that’s very positive. The microarray business is softer than we had seen before. And really what’s going on in microarray is that before the close of the transaction, the primary competitor micro will raise really dramatically drop [ph] price and then Affymetrix as an independent company chose not to follow suit. So, in Q2 we focused the R&D and marketing teams on addressing that competitive dynamic. And in early July, you may have noticed that we launched the Axiom Precision Medicine Research Array. And that’s a broad base genotyping array that’s very valuable in providing interesting information around health questions. And we’re offering that at very attractive price points. So, generally, I feel good about the integration, the synergies, the accretion, and the flow and eBio business. And we are putting some countermeasures in place for microarrays.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Doug, from an academic and government perspective, as I mentioned, we grew in the low single digits. Q1, we saw a bit of an uptick in the NIH release of funds; Q2 was consistent with that improvement. And we expect the balance of the year kind of being consistent with that. In terms of Japan, we grew low single digits, in line with our expectations in the quarter. Academic was a little bit soft, biopharma was quite good. So, Japan for us continues to be not particularly noteworthy; it’s not a very big end-market and generally performing in line with expectations.
Marc Casper: Yes, I think that’s good observation and good assumptions. Effectively -- generally, we like to have an open authorization in place. And we used up the authorization when we did our share buybacks earlier in the year. The 1.5 billion just reflects kind of consistent with our long-term capital deployments strategy; I wanted to have a little bit larger authorization. But, given how active we’ve been in capital deployment in the first half of the year, we don’t have any immediate plans to use it. It’s more just the housekeeping to have that in place to be opportunistic and consistent with our long-term capital deployment strategy.
Marc Casper: Yes, I wish it was a video conference, so I have a big smile on my face. This was actually an excellent quarter, Jon. When I think about it, many of you have heard me saying is generally, I don’t like to have investors have to really think about Thermo Fisher in terms of any of the nuances because it’s our job to manage through the various puts and takes in the economy. We executed very well. Effectively we were able to raise our organic growth outlook for the full year, based on the half. We don’t typically raise organic growth guidance during the course of the year; we typically are more focused on the EPS, so we did both, which is I think is great. When you look at the geographic strength, we went out of the way to highlight the strength in four different end markets in Asia Pacific that really is doing very well, which bodes well for the second half, given the fact that there is clearly some volatility in Europe that -- an uncertainty in Europe that we don’t know, nobody knows exactly how that will play out. But given how the U.S. is doing and given how Asia Pacific is doing, we’re very well-positioned to have an outstanding year. Capital deployment has gone well; margins were good. So, I like the fact that there is really not a tremendous amount of nuances. It’s a very clean ahead of expectations quarter and our ability to offset the FX headwinds that are there and raise guidance. And then, finally, as Stephen said in this remarks, we are a bit conservative on the outlook on foreign exchange in our guidance. And if foreign exchange stays exactly as they close on the spot rates, we actually have a little bit of upside to the guidance there. But given the volatility, we don’t think it was prudent to put that in. So, really, a very good time at the halfway point of the year.
Marc Casper: So, the way we’re thinking about it is the outlook in the second half in aggregate is similar to the very original guidance we gave at the start of the year for the second half. So effectively, first half was better than we expected, we put it all in the bank, raised our organic outlook, we’re assuming consistent with our original guidance for the second half of the year. Geographically, probably it will be slightly different, meaning that it’s likely to be Asia Pacific and U.S. a little better than Europe, but we have enough room to achieve our goals even with some up and downs in the various end markets.
Marc Casper: Isaac, I appreciate the question. And the reason I would say that I won’t get too much into the details of the products is that we have such a broad range of products and really it’s how we manage the portfolio. But I am happy to get into the NGS discussion. We had a very good quarter. The adoption of S5 and S5 XL sequencers going really well, the feedback is very positive and customers love the ease of installation and the ease of use of the instruments, and it’s fantastic feedback. The other thing that was exciting and may not be as clear, but at the European Association of Cancer Research conference, we were the first company to bring to market, a kit for liquid biopsy for cancer. And that was very well received as well. So, consumable is doing well, our product development is going well, and option of instrumentation is going well in the quarter.
Marc Casper: And Steve, you’re 100% right, the stack comparison, was the best performance in China in a while. So, as you know, we’ve been positive on China for a very long time. And when we came out of the one soft year where we had the mid single digit organic growth couple of years ago, what you’re seeing is a consistent trend of improvement. And when I -- my takeaways from my visit was, precision medicine will be a forward-looking driver but the focus on environmental, food safety as well as healthcare expansion is very positive. When I was there, I had the opportunity to meet with of the Vice Minister of Ministry of Science, and really talked about precision medicine. And that is a huge focus. So, we continue to be very bullish on the long term prospect for China.
Marc Casper: So, revenue synergies are very strong. And if I think about the performance there -- it’s really embedded in the organic growth at this point, given where we are, how long it’s been close to transaction. But we achieved the revenue synergies for the full year -- we had uptick of $60 million of revenue synergies; we achieved that on the first half, meaning that we will far exceed the revenue synergy number. And if you’ll ask about tracking, it’s showing up in the organic growth. So that obviously continues to be a big benefit. As I’ve said other times, probably one point of the aggregate performance of the step up in Life Sciences Solutions is the end market is better than it was at the time we announced the transaction in 2013. And the rest has been just really good execution by the team, and the unique benefits that Thermo Fisher Scientifics reach brought to that business segment.
Marc Casper: In terms of industrial and applied, while, we don’t give a precise outlook during the course of the year, flattish to low single digits is a good assumption for the industrial and applied markets for the year. In terms of the FX…
Marc Casper: Yes. So, first on pricing, another good quarter, in aggregate, about 60 basis points of price. We’ll look towards the change in currency rates that we saw at the end of the quarter, should create some incremental pricing opportunities. Whether that will flow this year or flow into next year hard to tell but that should be additional pricing opportunity. In terms of e-commerce, it’s been a really positive driver for the Company. As everybody knows, we have integrated down to two web platforms, our fishersci platform and our Thermo Fisher Scientific platform. And when you look at that, we continue to enable more products on the Thermo Fisher platform to be available on e-commerce. We took the old backbone from Life Technologies, we’ve been adding and recorded now -- adding new capabilities and new products that are available for purchase online. And that’s really good from a customer convenience, stickiness and ultimately growth, and growth in profitability.
Marc Casper: The way I would think about it, Paul, is for the flow cytometry business and the antibody business, we really have an exquisite reach around the world, and that’s going to be a very big expansion opportunity. In terms of the microarray, they were well-penetrated in the U.S. and Europe, and we will be able to expand the Asia Pacific presence where we have very strong presence in genetic analysis. Asia Pacific probably represents say 20% of the world opportunity, they obviously cover the bigger hospitals and the bigger research customers but it should be a nice expansion within that.
Marc Casper: Yes, Sung Ji, thanks for the question. So, bioproduction market continues to be very strong. We have the leadership position in both cell culture and in the single-use technologies, which is two of the four verticals within that market. We’re seeing strong demand from drugs getting on market where volume really picks up. The number of drugs actually in the process development stage also is a big consumption of demand. Vaccine production and the increase in vaccines is a big driver of demand. And then, on top of all of that, for existing approaches, there has been a very large shift from stainless steel to single-use, and that also accentuates the good growth in the market. So that’s been an excellent growth market for a number of years for us and one with a very bright future. So with that, let me bring the call to a close with a couple of quick comments. First, thank you for participating. We had a really strong excellent first half, that’s behind us; we’re very well-positioned to deliver another strong year. And of course, we look forward to updating you on our progress in the third quarter. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: So, we’re still guiding to 14% for the full year. I see that’s where it will end up, given what I can see now in terms of the desecrate items. The lower tax rate in Q2 was really due to the timing of some of the discrete tax planning activities coming in stronger in Q2. I expect that to continue in Q3, so similar tax rate in Q3 versus Q2 and slightly high in Q4, but overall for the year, 14%.
Stephen Williamson: I’ll start with the second question on free cash flow. So, we didn’t change the guidance; it’s still $2.72 billion. At the half year point, we’re actually doing very well, so $310 million higher than the same half year point last year, and that’s where some phasing of cash taxes and cash interest, more front end-loaded this year. So, working capital is going well, still got six months to go. If we continue the way we are, we will meet or exceed the full year cash flow guidance.
Stephen Williamson: Sure. So, when you look at the currencies we have overall and the year-over-year change at this point, the yen is a positive, and that’s helping the overall picture for full year FX impact. Majority of the revenue headwinds, about 75% of it is coming from that change in the pound. And then the mix of all the other currencies pretty much negative against the dollar at this point. So, the mix of all of that basically gets you to where we are. Now, as I said in my prepared remarks, we have a cushion against the current spot rate. So, if current rate still stand, we’ll have some upside to the guidance that we give. Yen is a positive but it’s really offset by the other pretty every single other currency.
Stephen Williamson: Basically, I’m not expecting a significant impact on gross margins or operating margins for the full year the way the rates are today.
