Marc Casper: Doug, thanks. So I thought just in the spirit of continuous improvement in PPI that I would frame a few of the key points for the Q&A session and then get to your questions. So indulge me for a second. So when I think about the key points. One, I will start with the long term. We serve an awesome industry that has a bright future, right? And when you think about what drives the bright future, very durable growth driven by the great science, the strong pipelines and the unmet medical needs.   When I think about the first quarter, zooming into the short term, market conditions were in line with our expectations and really with strong execution in the quarter that resulted in the financial performance that was ahead of our expectations, it allowed us to retire risk as well as raise our full year outlook.   Reminding our investors what's assumed in the '24 guidance is that we're going to see a modest step-up or pickup in economic activity as the year progresses. And during the quarter, it was really good to see a couple of positive developments in our end markets that supports the view of a pickup as the year progresses, which is continued improvements in the biotech funding environment and the stimulus program that was announced by China.   As you know, how we define success is that we deliver differentiated short-term performance with a strong emphasis on share gain while strengthening our competitive position for the long term. And Q1 was another quarter in which we achieved that. So Doug, as I think about the phasing of the quarter, market really played out exactly as we thought it was. And we looked at the different parts of it and really in aggregate and the pieces that really played out that way.   As the quarter unfolded, what I would say is didn't see a huge change in pattern, although March was a little bit better than the first couple of months. You had the way Easter laid out, which kind of makes it a little bit hard to know exactly, but it felt like March was a good exit rate, consistent with a modest step-up, and that's baked into it. And I would say that April is, in the first couple of weeks kind of playing out with that as well. 
Marc Casper: Yes. And then when you get into the dynamics, the one thing I would call out is in our CRO capabilities, clinical research, the former PPD business, really excellent execution in the first quarter, drove really very strong performance, very proud of what the team accomplished.  And when I think about the market dynamics, definitely seeing the pipeline of activity picking up. And as you certainly know, it takes a while for that to actually materialize into revenues, given the cycle of the business, but very encouraging given the biotech funding environment to see that level of pipeline of work picking up. So thank you, Doug. 
Marc Casper: Yes. So Mike, I think it's a great question, I liked the way you framed it as well. So we're not -- nothing about false starts. The way that I think about it is and super clear on the word choice. What was assumed in our original guidance was a modest pickup.  The 2 data points that I called out would be consistent with that view. So we're not changing our view upwards on the market, but rather what's going to drive the slight pickup, the fact that biotech funding is improving and that China announced a stimulus program. I think everybody was probably positively surprised that they announced it as early in the year as that they did, and they're trying to get their economy growing. Those are good facts to support the modest step-up and set ourselves up for an even stronger set of market conditions as we enter 2025. So that's how I think about the kind of the phasing of what's going on in the market.  And then the other thing that I would just note about the quarter which was very positive is that it actually played out as we expected, right, including the 4 end markets. And that's good because, I mean, the normal incredible visibility and predictability that you typically have in this business is returning, which is helpful as well. 
Marc Casper: Yes. So Mike, when I think about Analytical Instruments, we had a really good quarter. And it's against a very, very strong comparison, which is why I called it out because compared to the high teens growth last year, it's important to flag it.  Let me start with electron microscopy then I'll get to chrome mass spec. So electron microscopy, the business has been performing at a great level, continues to have a strong order book and just doing a really good job. And I feel great about that. When I think about chromatography, mass spectrometry, they as well have incredibly strong comparisons. We're getting really good uptake on the Astral and really have had some milestone level of shipments on that product over the first 9 months of owning and [ relaunching ] it. So that's gone well.  Most of our business is in the high-end research portion, which has done well for us. We have a little bit less exposure to kind of the more routine applications. I did flag one product that we launched, which is really quite relevant. As you know, we're the very strong market leader in ion chromatography. You hear a lot about PFAS testing, things of this sort. And we launched the next generation of instrumentation there, which it's great, just given how large our fleet is around the world, and that product is off to a great start. So I feel good about the outlook, the different pieces.  And I highlighted a couple of interesting launches in chemical analysis, the smallest of the 3 businesses where we're enabling battery production and really trying to change the way that QA/QC is done in pharmaceutical manufacturing by having raw materials inspected at the factory versus doing lab testing and the Handheld Raman Analyzer does that. So really great innovation drives growth in the business and a really good performance to start the year. 
Marc Casper: Yes. There's no adjustments on any of that. It's just business just grew through that. And when I think about the year, when I think about the guidance that some busy assumptions are better than the guidance. We reminded our investors that we had the largest role in clinical research on supporting the pandemic response. We also had, in parallel, incredible growth in the business, and really just an excellent start and excellent execution to deliver strong growth in the quarter.  And while we expect this business will moderate this year relative to the last few years, just the momentum it has bodes extremely well for the midterm of high single-digit growth business plus synergies. So the team has done a great job of becoming part of the company, leveraging our relationships and getting really strong commercial momentum. So really nice start to the year. 
Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, when I think about pharma services, the business has performed very well. And when I think about the industry dynamics that have gone on, in an area that we're the market leader, [ start until finish ] where we put the medicine or vaccine in its final dosage form. Effectively, you have one of the pure-play competitors being taken out of the CDMO business effectively or less so.  And that in an area where capacity is constrained already, it bodes really well for our business. As the market leader and great reputation, our activity level is high. The number of dialogue we're having with our customers is high. We're securing new business. So I feel great about it.  And our job as the trusted partner is to enable our customer success, right? And our customers think in decades in this industry. And when there's events that uncertain, whether it's Biosecure or whether it's an acquisition of one of the suppliers, they look at the industry leader and say, "This is a company that doesn't create uncertainty, does a great job." Those things ultimately allow us to better support our customers going forward. 
Marc Casper: So Rachel, thanks for the question. I share the enthusiasm about the government's efforts to stimulate the economy, get things going. So it's an interesting time in that respect. So... 
Marc Casper: Yes, yes. So when I think about actually the way things play out, and a lot of this is about signaling as far as I can tell from my own experience of work in China for many years. It's a multiyear program as opposed to the last one, which was shorter term.  So basically, the government is signaling, at least, to the economy that they're looking for investments in instrumentation equipment, technological advances, advanced research. So that's very encouraging in terms of that it's not a short-term program, but rather longer term. And yes, we've already have proposals in front of customers. And yes, there's quite a bit of dialogue. Customers are actually waiting for some of the very practical details of how this will work because it varies by province, ultimately.  So to my knowledge, no orders yet. I wouldn't expect any of that quickly anyway but lots of activity. And the way that I would think about this is there's the direct effect and then the indirect effect. I would expect that we would see orders really later in the year and some revenue late in the year directly associated with the stimulus, but that may miss by a few months, one way or the other. So I wouldn't expect material shipments in Q2 around this. So it would be the way I would think about my experience.  The indirect effect is a confidence booster, right, which is basically saying the government is going to try to get the economy up and going. And that should help more broadly, and that doesn't help tomorrow, but it helps from a contextual standpoint of business confidence.  So I think those things would say that you're seeing China try to get the economy growing. We're not assuming a lot in China in our numbers this year as part of major changes. So what I'm most excited about there is that it sets up for '25. Not that we won't see a benefit this year, but it's kind of a direction of travel. And our view is more of a return tranche should be a good market for us. 
Marc Casper: So the way that I think about Biosecure is I kind of put it into the context of there's a level of geopolitical tensions that exist around the world, including between the U.S. and China. It's never exactly clear whether these things become enacted or not. It's our job to help our customers navigate those shifting landscapes. I think at the highest level, actually relations are falling between the countries a bit. There will always be challenges.  When I think about how this could play out, should it play out, I think that what is making the customer base that's largely Western in terms of where biotech and pharmaceutical activity is largely, I think more of supply chains, who's doing development work, et cetera.  Given our network is effectively 100% in U.S. and Western Europe and that set of capabilities, we're likely to be a long-term beneficiary, not per se of the Act, but rather the fact that customers are thinking about who are their partners and where should those partners be based. So I think that's a long term, should be okay, and I don't think it has any material impact to the results in the short term. Thank you, Rachel. 
Marc Casper: So when I think about China, that actually played out as we expected. The team delivered on the expectations for the quarter. And as you know, our guidance, we don't guide by geography or by business. It's really the aggregate overall. But actually, the first quarter played out as the team expected and executed well. When you kind of go down to the subsegments of China, now you're going to the tiny portion of our revenue. Nothing really significant of note in terms of things better or worse than what we've been seeing or what we would expect. So that's will be a high-level deal. Looking forward to returning to China early in the summer. So get some firsthand perspectives on that as well. 
Marc Casper: Yes, Dan, thanks for the question on bioproduction. It's definitely a factor. Where it got in the queue of the question, it says that the emphasis is reducing on that so as becoming a little bit more predictable. Really, Q1 was in line with expectations. Organic growth did decline as we expected in the quarter due to the strong comparisons from a year ago. But when I look at orders, that's now 2 quarters in a row with really good sequential bookings growth, nice improvement in book-to-bill. And when I look at the things that have been said externally about the quarter, I feel really good about our performance in terms of how we execute it. So working out, in line with what we thought would happen. Thanks, Dan. 
Marc Casper: Sure. So when I think about the business, one of the things, Matt, is we really don't manage it by end segment because effectively, you produce a certain amount of products, and then you ship them to specific customers. So you can have quarters where you ship more to an industrial customer, the exact same product as a biopharma customer. And therefore, it kind of skews things. So that's my caveat of that.  When I look at the parts of the business, the industrial and applied continues to have strong momentum in semiconductor material science applications for electron microscopy was strong. So in terms of how that played out, very difficult comparisons for all of the businesses based on the shipments a year ago, but that was strong. And then the other segments in terms of academic, government, pharma, biotech, pretty much played out as we expected. So nothing that really jumped out at me as being significant in terms of trends or patterns. 
Marc Casper: Yes. I can't really speculate. It wouldn't be prudent on how -- whether this thing will even come to pass. And if it comes to pass, what is the response to it. Our job is to do a great job of supporting our customers globally to comply with the global regulations, both the actual regulations and the spirit of the regulations of the various countries, and we'll do a good job navigating it. So that's how I would think about it, Luke. 
Marc Casper: So thank you, Luke, and thanks, everyone, for the questions. So let me wrap up. Very pleased to deliver a very strong quarter. Incredibly well positioned to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders, build an even brighter future for our company. I look forward to updating you on our second quarter results in July and discussing our very bright future as well as outlook at our upcoming Investor Day on September 19.  As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone. 
Stephen Williamson: Doug, I'll tee up kind of the view versus the consensus first, and I'm not going to talk about the kind of business dynamics. So we don't guide by segment in terms of our organic growth. And for us, it came in -- as Marc said, the markets came in as we had expected in aggregate. And that's the same thing for the segment, and we executed well. So it wasn't a huge outperformance part of the beat that was kind of pretty much across the board for the company. 
Stephen Williamson: And just back to Mike's comment about what the view on is this start, these starts, false start, I think it's a good thing that China is trying to find ways to stimulate the economy. And I think this is one element of it, and we look forward to other things happening as well as just the way the China is managing the economy. As Marc said, go ahead. 
Stephen Williamson: I think on the pharma services side, it's the capacity coming online and switching over. There's cost to do that as you're ramping up the facility, bringing on the colleagues to be able to operate that facility. Those are all factors that come into that, but those are the right drivers. Thanks, Matt. 
Stephen Williamson: So Luke, the really good margin profile in the segment. And it's really about addressing the cost base in that business given the lower volumes, both from the pandemic unwind and the kind of the bioproduction aspect to it. So it's really just fundamentally investing the costs that we have in that business. Team's done a great job of doing that, and that's the way to think about that. 
