Marc N. Casper: Ross, thanks for the question. So China is an area that we have had a very good track record for a long period of time, and we've been delivering high teens growth, 2016, 2017 and into the first quarter of 2018. The outlook continues to be very strong. In terms of where it's coming from, the health care, pharma, biotech has been quite robust. Academic spend has been good, and industrial spend certainly has improved as we've seen out geographically as well, improvements in industrial and applied. So it's really broad-based, not driven by any one particular area. It was really exciting that we orchestrated the first ever China-U.S. Precision Medicine Conference. We had 400 participants there, and co-hosted that with the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and the CEO Roundtable on Cancer, so really, very strong. The outlook looks good. One of the questions that I've been asked in other venues is, how is the headlines in the papers affecting China customer sentiment? And no effect. Very robust outlook. Mark Stevenson, our COO, was there a couple of weeks ago. I'm heading off to China on Sunday. And the team is really excited. It's very, very positive market for us.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, in terms of our pharma services business, it's off to a good start. The Patheon acquisition integration is going very well. When I think about the performance, as Stephen noted, we're ahead of where we thought we were going to be in Q1, and part of our revenue and earnings increase for the guidance for the balance of the year or for the full year is based on Patheon's strong performance. So that's very encouraging. I've had the chance to meet with quite a number of customers in the first four months of the year and bringing colleagues from the former Patheon business with me to meet some of the colleagues and open up new doors. Really, it's a very, very encouraging feedback. As you know, it's a long-cycle business. It takes a while to go through decision, tech transfer, but the pipeline of activity has been fantastic, right? So not only is the business doing well short-term, but the outlook, we continue to be very, very bullish on. So, great start, lots of work to do, and we're looking forward to it. We had two expansions that we announced in the quarter, one in our clinical trials business, which we actually made the facility a bit larger to also incorporate some of Patheon's capabilities. And that's a world-class supply chain set of capabilities for clinical materials in Europe and really allows us to serve the growing business there. And secondly, we announced earlier this week the expansion of our St. Louis biologics facility, part of our 4-factory network for biologics production. This is something that Patheon had been evaluating and presented to us during the diligence process. So it was something that was very well thought through. We wanted to just understand it in more detail post ownership and feel great about it. So that's an expansion that will meaningfully increase our single-use technology capabilities in St. Louis for our biotech and pharmaceutical customers.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Derik, thanks for the question. Our electron microscopy business continues the trend of very strong performance. We saw that strong performance in materials science applications. That's both semiconductor and all other applications, things like batteries for automotive, things like advanced materials research, as well as strong growth and momentum in our life sciences or structural biology applications. The business grew well above the company average as did all of our Analytical Instruments businesses. So when you look at the Analytical Instruments Segment, it wasn't really electron microscopy-driven, but actually it was strength across chroma/mass spec, chemical analysis and electron microscopy. When you look at the performance of FEI, synergies are on track. Integration is pretty much done. And when I think about the outlook there, bookings continue to be strong. So, we feel very good about it. And in terms of kind of the materiality, FEI, if we didn't have FEI as part of our numbers, we would have grown 6% in the quarter. So the company had a great quarter. Electron microscopy had a great quarter from a top line. So, hopefully, that kind of answers the various perspectives on electron microscopy.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the M&A portion, we've used the same weighted average cost of capital since I joined the company, as is Stephen in 2001, which is a hurdle rate of 8.5%. So, in terms of the interest rate movements or potential movements, we've been using the cost of capital assumption that's been greater than what our true cost of capital is. So there's no effect there. And obviously, when we're deploying capital, we're looking for double-digit returns. In terms of what we've assumed in our model, we've assumed the Fed to increase rates 25 basis points each of the quarters. So that's assumed in the interest cost. I don't know Stephen, if you want to make...
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Tycho, you've covered the company a long time, and to see all three of our instrument lines do well, the chemical analysis piece is really driven by market, right? So that's encouraging in terms of the acceleration. The chroma/mass spec, clearly, is share gain. The business is doing very well and very strong growth. So that one is straightforward. The market is good, actually. When I look at it geographically, the chroma/mass spec business, it was good in China, it was good in India, it was good in the U.S. So that business is performing very well. But market, chemical analysis, probably good market in chroma/mass spec with strong share gain as well. And as I mentioned earlier, electron microscopy, we have a good position there, and our business is performing well across the three applications of the two materials science ones and life sciences.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Tycho, thanks for the question. Because it's single-use technology expansion, what we're doing is really expanding the shell of the building, but you add the physical capacity of the reactors as you get customer commitments, so that you don't wind up. It's not a big stainless steel facility where you start with very low utilization after ramp. It's rather you kind of add as you go. So we feel good about what the revenue outlook is and it kind of lines up with the expansion of capacity during 2019 and beyond. In terms of the pipeline, we have a very active M&A pipeline across our various businesses, including our pharma services business. And we'll continue to evaluate the various transactions. And if they're good fits with good returns, then we'll do that. But, as you know, we continue to be a very disciplined acquirer.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So in terms of flu, we saw stronger growth in our health care market channel, which benefited from the stronger flu season in the U.S. At the company level, flu was negligible in terms of the impact. When you look at the Specialty Diagnostics business, there was a little bit of an offset to the strong flu which was the first quarter was a particularly weak seasonal allergy season. So you got benefit of flu which is lower margin and a little bit of softness in seasonal allergy which is higher margin. So that probably – as you kind of work your way through numbers, that helps reconcile things.
Marc N. Casper: So the clinical trials business had a nice start to the year and a good outlook for the full year. So that business has returned to robust growth which is in line with what we thought it would do. So that's good to see. The feedback from the customer base in terms of the combined offering of both formulation and the packaging logistics and manufacturing capabilities we have has really been very positive. That's actually been the area where we've gotten our first revenue synergies already in the book. And the reason you would do that or get that faster is at shorter decision-making time, right. You're dealing with clinical materials versus commercial products. So we're starting to see the synergies there, and we're making the offering as integrated and as seamless as possible for the customer base which will be very positive over time.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Jack, North America very similar to what we've been seeing, low single-digit growth in the quarter. And nothing really jumped out as a particularly different trend than what we've seen in the last year. So we've been able to deliver the very strong organic growth for the quarter with that low to mid-single-digit-type growth that we've been seeing in North America, and that's what our expectation is.
Marc N. Casper: Doug, thanks. In terms of NIH, if you go back to our guidance at the end of January, our assumption in the guidance was that we would get a budget at some point in the early part of the year and that that budget would increase. So the $3 billion increase that we saw in March was in line with what we're expecting to happen. Obviously, it happened late in the quarter, so it really had no effect on what we saw in the North America spend in the market. And generally, when you look at academic and government, the North America was modest growth in the quarter and good strength in Europe and good strength in China.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. I mean if I think about the quarter for pharma and biotech, first starting at the one level above your question, which is, it's a great quarter, right, 10% growth. And when you look at it, we saw strength across our entire business and we saw really strong performance in bioproduction, chroma/mass spec and in our channel business. And then, when you look at the bioproduction piece, it was a great quarter, right, with very strong growth. So I'm not sure about this bookings mid-single-digits, it's not reflective at all of our performance in the market.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. Good question. So India is less than 2% of our revenue, double-digit growth, been on that trend for a long period of time. So it's really – there's not much more in India other than the business is doing well.
Marc N. Casper: No, we cover the full market, including that customer base. From an organic perspective, obviously, very strong start to the year. We were pleased to raise our guidance from 4% to 5% to about 5%. And we raised the guidance by $50 million organically. We obviously also raised it for the strong – on top of that for the Patheon performance as well, which doesn't show up in the organic calculations. When we think about the balance of the year and why we did that level, I felt like the right thing to – from a prudent standpoint to do, but with one quarter behind us, that perspective. If the market conditions continue to play out like we saw in Q1, this is going to be a very, very strong year. So we're going to maximize our share gain and capitalize on all the opportunities and play it out that way. Just as a reminder, we have a challenging comparison in the fourth quarter with the 8% growth last year in the fourth quarter. So the strong start to the year gives us a little bit of buffer for a range of outcomes on the fourth quarter, but everything we see right now is quite positive.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. Patrick, thanks for the question. So industrial and applied markets is very strong with high single-digit growth. Really, saw it strongly in our instrument business. The chroma/mass spec, chemical analysis, which is a lot of your spectroscopy-type instruments, electron microscopy for the materials science applications. Asia was really the stand-out. It was not at all limited to China, but China was strong. Japan actually had a good quarter. We saw it in Korea. So, Taiwan was good. So, really, broad-based across Asia Pacific and reasonable market conditions in Europe and in North America. But really, the strength was driven by broad-based strength in Asia Pacific.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So in terms of the cost synergies, we're running right on track from the cost synergies and the funnel on the revenue synergies looks very encouraging, which should really be very helpful to the 2019 numbers as we build that. But those are running on track from that perspective. From the hurricane impact, I did go down and visit our sites in Puerto Rico in March. And really, the team there has done a remarkable job. We got back up into production in January, so no impact financially in terms of this year. But actually, the team across our sites there actually took the adversity of a tough situation and actually made the business stronger. Really, I was very impressed, and came away inspired by what the teams are doing. So we're off to a good start in Patheon, not only in Puerto Rico but across the board.
Marc N. Casper: And we said we were running slightly ahead of the $0.30 accretion that we expected for the first full year. So, things are going well there, Patrick.
Marc N. Casper: That's a hard one to know. In bookings, we're good, right? So which gives you some revenue visibility going forward and obviously the teams have a very active funnel of potential new orders. But that's going to be driven by ultimately if they converge it's just going to be a function of macroeconomic outlook, geopolitical, things of that sort. But right now, very encouraging in terms of what we're seeing.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. In terms of the discussion with the industrial customer base, it's been very positive. We went through a long period of very difficult conditions in the industrial base. So you're benefiting from two different factors: a) older fleet out there, so customers are wanting to get the benefit of a new fleet of instruments as well as capacity expansion. And we actually – we got our first big new expansion in the mining portion of our business. It's a very small portion of our business, but that's very encouraging, right? Because those are multiyear projects and based on the forecast of the economic growth, it's going to be good. So, at least right now we feel like the outlook continues to be very positive in the industrial end markets. Thank you for the question, Paul.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So in terms of our media capabilities, it should be – one of the things I've been super excited about is the collaboration between our bioproduction team which would be media and our biologics team, which would be Patheon and the knowledge sharing and the learning that we're getting. So, over time, that clearly is going to improve the margins for our contract manufacturing activities as well as raise our expectations and performance for bioproduction. So feel very good about it.
Marc N. Casper: Let me wrap-up the call. Obviously, we're pleased to deliver another very strong quarter. We feel we're in a very strong position to deliver on our growth goals for the year. As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And we're looking forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in New York City on May 23, which you know I always consider as my favorite day of the year. Look forward to seeing all of you. Thanks.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, I'd add some additional color. Derik, when we think about the long-term model that I talked about at the last analyst meeting, basically that assumes an increase in rates going forward. So I don't see that unless rates spike very fast, but I think we're basically modeling that out in terms of the company's performance going forward. We've got just over $5 billion of debt that's variable rate right now. In terms of the maturities, we're making sure we've got a good ladder in terms of maturities so we can manage the debt appropriately. And about half of that variable rate debt actually is outside of the U.S. in euros. So I think we're managing it appropriately.
Stephen Williamson: Okay. So thanks for the four-part question. So when you think about the negative cash flow in Q1, as you can see from the cash flow statement, it's really driven by working capital. A piece of this is in Q4. We had a very strong contribution from working capital, and that was slightly higher than we had anticipated in – as we were entering Q4. So we've seen a little bit of that unwind as we've gone into Q1. And that's really then offset by the strength and the outlook in terms of overall for the earnings for the year. So that's why we still feel very confident about the $3.8 billion for the full year. And when you look on the history of our cash flows, they're very much – they're favoring towards the end of the year, Q2 and Q3, in particular. So, yes, there's nothing really to read into this. It's really just around the change in the working capital, little bit on cash taxes and cash interest.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, the Patheon is basically as we'd expected. So we previously – before Patheon expecting to deliver about 90% of adjusted net income into free cash flow. Patheon has slightly had very capital intensity of a business and the overall of that brings the company average to 88%. And that's kind of what we guided to for the year.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Steve, I'll take that one. So when you think about Specialty Diagnostics growing 5% and diagnostics and health care are growing low-single digits. In terms of like gap, in terms of the diagnostics products we have good traction with some applied end markets particularly around food safety and that shows up in industrial and applied. And then outside the Specialty Diagnostics, you see the impact of timing of some large orders in some businesses there. And the combination of those two things create that dynamic, slightly different growth rates. When you look at the actual, we give low single-digit ranges and specific numbers for the segments. It's not that materially different between the two.
Stephen Williamson: Patrick, just some additional color. So we're rolling out the PPI Business System across the Patheon sites. That's essentially being completed in terms of the first seven key sites and rolling out to the rest. And it's been really well embraced by the team. And it's going to be a big driver long-term of the cost synergies and the capacity utilization.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So in terms of LPS, in terms of the mix dynamic, it was primarily due to the channel business, which is lower-margin than the rest of the businesses in that segment growing faster than the Lab Products business, which is a higher-margin business in that segment. So that was really the mix dynamic. And then investment-wise, we continue to invest in the capabilities here, serving key end markets. And we continue to invest in the service and e-business capabilities, e-commerce capabilities within the channel business.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think we get very good volume leverage off that business. So we got good margin expansion potential for that going forward.
