Marc Casper: Sure, Marshall. Let me give you a context of what's going in healthcare. We clearly, from a market perspective, which we serve, represents about a quarter of our revenue. The U.S. portion, clearly, saw headwinds in the market. As you read in the papers, as you see from other companies, I'm sure healthcare companies, it appears that doctor visits, hospital visits are down, and we see that in some of our Consumables businesses. When you look at Thermo Fisher specific, you have at the beginning of the Biosite transition, which puts a little bit more headwind on us, but we also had very, very strong positive performance, again company-specific, in our Clinical Diagnostics business, where drugs-of-abuse, specialty assay, as I said, extraordinarily strong growth in the quarter. So I think we're actually executing well, but the market conditions was clearly tougher.
Marc Casper: So in terms of Europe, the performance regionally didn't vary a lot around the globe in the quarter. Obviously, we all read the headlines about Europe, but we're not actually seeing that in our business performance. So the business performed well in Europe. We saw strength across our Specialty Diagnostic businesses, both Anatomical Pathology Clinical Diagnostics did well. Our Industrial businesses did well in Europe. So while we read things, when you look to the Thermo Fisher specific, actions, we haven't seen really a change in trajectory in Europe at the end of the quarter.
Marc Casper: So a few thoughts, Ross. One is I think one of the things that our investors appreciate is that the company is very predictable and has good visibility into the end markets. So if I think about our organic growth outlook that we've had for the year, what we said at the beginning of the year, what we said at the end of the first quarter and what we say today is we still feel good about the organic growth outlook for the full year. So I think that's a positive. We serve four key end markets and I think it's important to realize that there haven't been dramatic changes, but I think it's always helpful to say were the subtleties are. So industrial's getting a little bit better. Healthcare got slightly weaker. Pharma got slightly weaker. Biotech got slightly stronger, but these are all very, very subtle changes. When you look to the second half of the year, what we're assuming is exactly what we assume with our guidance, which is a slowly recovering economy, which we're seeing the signs of in our performance, and not dramatic changes off of that. There are upsides to it, which is a strengthening economy, more stimulus funds would be upsides. A double-dip recession would be downside. But right now, we're not seeing really big deviations from our original guidance.
Marc Casper: Yes, I feel great about our strategy and our execution. If I think about where we are from building the company, we have clear advantages with our depth of capabilities; we gaining share with our large customers; we continue to build out our Biosciences and Analytical Instruments business, which have better growth prospects; we're accelerating R&D investments. All of those things allow us for a continued improving long-term growth profile for the company and continuing to capitalize on our position as the undisputed world leader in serving science.
Marc Casper: Sure. So, Tycho, once again, this was another quarter where our top accounts grew faster than the company average. From everything that we read, we continue to gain share at those accounts. So I think clearly, the strategy that we have is being executed well and our customers appreciate the value proposition. So I feel very good about that. I'd put just the additional context, which is I think with all the site closures, I just think you have pharmaceutical customers, in general, just tightening up on capital spent right now, and I think that's going to continue at least through the third quarter. Do I think that's a permanent trend? No, I don't. But do I think it's a shorter-term thing that companies in our space face in the market? Sure. And like our position better than everybody because we have a unique value proposition that helps our customers through more challenging times.
Marc Casper: There have been site closures in the past. You see stuff in second hand. It really has never materially affected, I think, anybody in terms of performance, in terms of really that much stuff coming at our markets. So I don't think that'll be a big issue.
Marc Casper: Sure. So first of all, PCR is a major product category and I think it's one that as a company, historically, we really didn't participate much in, and I think it's important that we do participate in the market. The two acquisitions that you mentioned, Finnzymes and Fermentas, it really just helped strengthen our offering. It adds enzymes, reagents that obviously complement some of the existing products that we had as well as Finnzymes also adds instrumentation capabilities for us as well. So it's an area that other companies have very large positions. We are an early participant. I think the patent landscape is changing over the next couple of years and I think will be well positioned to accelerate organic growth in our Biosciences business by making some moves now and get ourselves set up for some good growth down the road in that market segment.
Marc Casper: I don't think you have to worry about the comps. I think you're seeing steady growth there. Particularly, what's going on in the Gulf is not material to our business, but I think it shows you what kind of huge impact we can have with our customers in terms of making a difference in society. But you're not going to hear us talk next quarter or next year about tough comparisons versus food safety as a headwind down in the future.
Marc Casper: So Quintin, when you look at the situation in China, I highlighted a couple very different types of examples. One that you've heard a lot about, which is environmental monitoring, instrumentation for infrastructure and that continues to be strong. And we continue to believe that there are good prospects there. We are starting to do more new lab works. And what was particularly interesting about the new lab win that I highlighted in this particular quarter is that it is a Chinese organization. So we've done a lot of new lab establishments, but they've been traditionally for multinationals. And this is a huge government entity that has toured the multinationals, and basically said, "I want Thermo Fisher to set up my lab." When I was over in China last, I met with their new CTO of this organization, and he's excited about equipping those laboratories with our equipment. When I look forward to what's going on in China, I think it's always helpful to know that the comparisons bounce around every quarter. So we don't expect smooth, steady growth every single quarter, but we do expect China to be the fastest-growing geography for a number of years to come. And we see a broad-based growth prospects for the business.
Marc Casper: So when you look at the acquisitions, Jon -- let me answer it. Let's look at what we've done this year. We spent a little over $500 billion. And what we have focused on, certainly, in 2010 is buying businesses that serve attractive markets, that in our combination with our business, will help us accelerate growth and that we add unique value. So you can just look at something that's more industrially oriented, kind of field-based, Ahura Scientific, while we have the best channel to market with our portable elemental analyzers. We have an incredible stable of spectroscopy technologies. You put those two businesses together, it not only serves a more attractive market, on average, but also, we bring unique value to it. If you look at our bioscience acquisitions, both in Finnzymes and Fermentas, the same thing. We have a very strong Biosciences presence; we didn't participate as much in PCR. These two assets together plus our reach to the market and some interesting changes to the IP landscape gives us an ability to accelerate growth from those businesses. So that's how we think about it. Proxeon, we obviously have great strengths in proteomics. We're adding to the workflow there, again, attractive markets. When we think about genetic analysis, the way we participate today is really on the diagnostics side. We have a very strong presence in doing genetic analysis there. We don't play in the sequencing market in any material fashion. It's not a space that we've spent a lot of time or effort to think about in terms of trying to get into. So that's how we think about the various segments and how we're deploying capital to leverage our unique depth of capabilities and ultimately continue to add to our organic growth long-term.
Marc Casper: So in terms of Europe, a few things: One is when I look at the performance of the business, we saw good performance across the geographies. No particular geography within Europe was materially worse than another. And I was particularly pleased because our healthcare-related Diagnostics business did very well. Our industrially related businesses also did quite well. My pharma comments are probably equally true in Europe and North America, where there's a little bit more reticence to spend right now. But we saw a good second quarter. We're paying close attention to what's going on from everything we read about, governmental austerity programs. But on the other side, there's been some early talk about increasing funding in Europe in 2011 for research and innovation, which could be a positive next year as well. So we keep a close eye on it, but right now things continue to progress well in Europe.
Marc Casper: Sure. So in terms of pricing, it didn't vary much in Europe versus other geographies in terms of price competitiveness. As Pete said, high-end instruments a little bit more competitive in terms of where pricing environment is globally versus Consumables where pricing is sticking more easily. So we didn't see a big geographic view at this point. From a stimulus perspective, roughly in the quarter, $15 million of revenue. That puts us, when stimulus started last year at about $125 million. We're well within the $100 million to $200 million range. We're well within the range we said this year. We continue to expect to see some stimulus funding in the back half of the year as well.
Marc Casper: Yes, so when you look at our Analytical Instruments businesses, applied markets were strong; portable analyzers, which serves broad-based industrial was strong; in general, mass spec did well. There was nothing that we really had very significant headwinds, other than our part of our Process Instruments business, which is our metals and minerals business, the very, very long cycle economically capital-intensive business. Those are late-cycle business. That still is weak, but there's some brighter spots starting to pick up there as well. So the things you'd expect to be picking up in this stage of the economy define. The very late cycle stuff is still a few quarters out, but in general, I feel good about what's going on in Analytical Instruments.
Marc Casper: So the comparisons get, as Pete said, broadly tougher in the second half of the year, which will make the organic growth number on a reported basis a little bit lower. But I believe that the end markets will continue to improve slightly as the year progresses. So I think that the market conditions are continuing to improve. The late-cycle stuff will slowly improve as well, and that means that I'm feeling better about industrial halfway through the year than I did at the beginning of the year. It just translates, as we anticipated, into a very, very strong organic first half and a slower organic growth in the second half. But that's exactly as we articulated in February. We articulated that again exactly in the same way in April. And we're just reminding everybody today in July of how the calendarization works, but we feel that the markets are improving.
Marc Casper: Pretty much business as usual, very much in line with what we expected, which is slowly improving economic situations. So we weren't surprised. Healthcare, clearly, got a little bit weaker. Hospital visits, doctor visits were down. I don't think anybody had a crystal ball on the particular one. But surprise is a strong word. I'd say that I tried to give you the nuances of each of the segments and what kind of little better, what were kind of little worse, but nothing really surprised us per se.
Marc Casper: We're not overly concerned about that. The European healthcare portion of our business is not a huge portion of our business. Because in healthcare in particular, within the company, it's more heavily weighted towards the U.S. So even if there were dramatic changes, of which we're not clearly not anticipating, I wouldn't expect that to have a very significant impact on our performance.
Marc Casper: So Japan was phenomenal in Q1. We had an incredible mass spec performance, which we're very proud of, in terms of capturing stimulus funds. The first half was good but the second quarter was clearly weaker than the first, not a surprise, which is why Asia-Pacific growth was around the company average. Now clearly, China and India continue to perform well for us. So broadly, we feel fine about what's going on in Asia.
Marc Casper: So said another way, Derik, when you think about maintaining the guidance effectively, what we're saying is that we're going to offset the FX headwinds that we saw, about $0.03. We feel good about the organic growth prospects and the operating performance and feel like we can offset the FX headwind. So that's really the only thing that changed when you look at last quarter to this quarter.
Marc Casper: We don't have a crystal ball. More is always better. That's what we always prefer. There's probably going to be some increase in governmental spending in Europe in that realm. And clearly, what we read and hear about the priorities is that NIH is an important priority. Exactly how that's going to translate into funding is unclear. Thanks. So let me just do a couple quick closing remarks. First, we are pleased to deliver the record EPS results that we did in the quarter. We had a very strong first half of the year, driven by our operating performance. That puts us on track to achieve our financial goals for the year. Thanks, as always, for your continued support of the company, and I certainly, and Pete certainly looks forward to updating you next quarter. Thank you, everybody.
Peter Wilver: Well, we excluded intangibles from our adjusted earnings per share calculations, so it wouldn't impact our adjusted earnings per share.
Peter Wilver: Not in terms of an assumption. I mean, we hit the end of the Kendro amortization, so the number went down slightly. But that was the only thing that I'm aware of [indiscernible] (0:37:36.9).
Peter Wilver: Yes, In terms of the difference between the high-end Instruments and Reagents and the Basic Equipment, you can essentially look at the two segments, and the organic growth rates were essentially the same. So I would say there's not a material difference between the two pieces of business. And as I said, also you can look at the Instruments and Equipment and Consumables growing at a mid-single-digit growth rate. So it's pretty much across-the-board performance. And in terms of our product vitality, we are seeing an increase year-over-year in our product vitality as a result of some of the investments that we made last year and that we're continuing to make this year. It's not a huge percentage increased but we are seeing an improvement in the metric.
Peter Wilver: I'll start with the pricing. As we said last quarter, the pricing environment is a little bit tougher today, specifically on routine instrumentation, than it has been in the past. So we're not seeing as significant contribution from price. On a gross level, it's around 1%, where in the past, we've seen more like 1½% and 2%. So that contribution is not as strong. In terms of PPI, global sourcing and the other cost actions that we took last year, that's having a pretty significant positive impact on our EBITDA margin year-over-year to the tune of, we could say, one and a half to two percentage points. That's being offset, obviously, by inflation, which we start out the year every year in a hole and also some of our investment in R&D and commercial resources, which is diluting margins by around 50 basis points or so.
Peter Wilver: No, just R&D and commercial. The inflation doesn't quite offset the productivity but it's a pretty significant number.
Peter Wilver: The Asia comp was a little tougher last year. It wasn't a huge comp. The toughest comp that we had was rest of the world, which is a high-single-digit positive number. I think in Asia, we're just looking at some timing. Obviously, in Q1, we had a huge order in Japan. So we don't have that particular volume in Q2. So I think it's just timing of orders rather than a comparison issue.
Peter Wilver: Yes, that's a very difficult number to get at because our flu revenues are not just the actual flu kits, there's also kind of flu-related revenue based on that sort of tends to drive hospital visits and usage of other consumables that we sell. So it's a tough number to get at. Just to give you an idea, we've already got baked into our numbers a $20 million decline year-over-year because of flu. Between kind of the H1N1 blip, it gives you a rough order of magnitude of what kind of revenue we're looking at there. So it's just impossible to predict what that would be.
Peter Wilver: No. for the second half, the total impact is around $90 million negative. So it's about $45 million negative. Now we do have an alternative supplier that we're bringing up to speed that's going to offset some of that. So it probably net's down to around $55 million, I guess, pretty close to your $25 million a quarter.
Peter Wilver: So the range, if you look at our full year guidance range, it's 3% to 5%. So for the second half of the year, it's basically negative 1% to plus 2% is what that range translates to.
Peter Wilver: And I know it feels a bit weak compared to what we've reported in the first half of the year. So again, as I said, if you look at our full year, it's 3% to 5% organic growth. If you take out flu and Biosite, it's more like 4% to 6% growth. If you look at the first half, it 8½% growth organically, and the midpoint of that guidance range would basically be flat. So we've got 8½% going to flat. As we talked about, we have a calendar shift between the first and fourth quarters as well as the flu and Biosite headwinds would actually impact the second half more dramatically than the first half. And we also have much different comparisons between the two halves of the year. So if you basically adjust all the results to remove all the noise, the first half grew about 7% organically, that's adjusting for the calendar and Biosite and flu compared to minus 6%. So you've got plus 7% compared to minus 6% in the first half. At the midpoint of our guidance, the second half, again, adjusting for all that, is around 4% growth compared to flat last year. So if you net the two, you basically have flat in the first half and say, positive 2% in the second half. So we're really looking at accelerating growth into the second half of the year.
Peter Wilver: So the comments back in May -- so what's included in our guidance today is about a 3% tailwind from acquisitions, so that's including all the acquisitions that we've completed to date. Our forward-looking revenue guidance doesn't include any other assumptions for future acquisitions, so it's just that 3%, which is the acquisitions that we've completed so far. The ½% that I referenced in terms of our guidance in terms of the headwind, that was versus our previous guidance that we gave in our Q1 earnings call. In May, that was sort of a middle point. We chose not to change guidance. We did reference the fact that we had FX headwinds at that point in time and we weren't changing guidance until it settled down a little bit. At this point in time, the rates that we have included in our guidance at this point are lower than they were in Q1, but they are slightly better than what was happening in the May time frame. We just chose not to update guidance at that point in time.
Peter Wilver: No, it really doesn't. Obviously, you can't exactly time those kinds of things anyway. If you look at how quickly the euro changed over the last month or so, it takes a while to close deals, so it just doesn't enter into the equation when we're looking at acquisitions.
Peter Wilver: Well, the net interest expense, probably why it's higher than what you thought it would be is that we had to carry the kind of double debt until we could retire the $500 million note that didn't get retired until July 1. So the full year is basically consistent with what we were saying last quarter, other than we did a couple of acquisitions. So it's between $70 million, $75 million.
Peter Wilver: Other than the fact that, yes, it's totally transitioning away from us as of July 1, but we did experience basically not as quick a transition away from us on the BNP product, which was the original contract modification. So we actually did have a little more revenue in Q4 last year than what we might have expected. So that still created a little bit of a tough comp for us, again, this year in Q4.
Peter Wilver: No, as we said in Q1, we could benefitted about 4% to 5% in Q1, so we expect to lose 4% to 5% in Q4.
Peter Wilver: Well the $0.01 was just the change in guidance. So the full impact of FX -- I don't have it off of the top of my head. I mean the change is basically $0.03 from our previous guidance, so yes, the change is about $0.01 a quarter from where we were before.
