Marc Casper: Thanks, Tycho. Good morning. So, in terms of our Lab Products & Services businesses, all three of the businesses performed in the quarter. So that's pharma services, our CDMO activities, that's our customer channels group, and that's our lab products business, and we saw activity ramp up, as we did for the whole company, on the sort of normal business activity in the quarter, and at the same point, you're seeing two different types or three different types of COVID-related response embedded in those numbers. Clearly, the vaccine and therapy ramp up is happening, and you see that certainly in our pharma services business. You're also seeing very significant demand in our customer channels business for things like PPE as well as all the supplies you would use for COVID response. And then in our lab products business, we have very strong demand for our lab plastics as well as our cold storage equipment. As you know, we're a market leader in providing cold storage for laboratory use, and effectively, when you read about some of the vaccines needed cold storage across the supply chain we're getting very, very significant demand for those products. The basis is very good, right, so that's gone well, and then obviously on top of that you're seeing the benefits of those types of activity.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Tycho, in terms of the demand for our PCR testing, it continues to be very strong, right, and if you think about it, gold standard performance in terms of accuracy, largest install base of instruments around the world, and we have supplied our customers and ramped up, and we have been the supplier that there's been no headaches really from a customer perspective through the pandemic. We have built our capacity ahead of demand consistently, and therefore customers have been happy, and know they can rely on us. Amplitude is an ultra-high throughput system, over 6,000 tests per day, and we're seeing very large demand. We've seen that demand from governments, we've seen that demand from reference labs and hospital systems, right. So it is a niche application but drives enormous volumes, right, because ultra-high throughput, so those labs, those governments that are really providing the support for high volume, given our supply reliability, the quality of our tests, and the dedication that we've had throughout the pandemic, that product will be a good growth driver. In terms of durability, we believe that PCR testing is going to continue to be very relevant to our customers because it gives you the most accurate information, and therefore we're comfortable with continuing with a strong level of demand in the fourth quarter, and we expect that those products are going to be relevant in 2021 because, unfortunately, the pandemic is still with us. Thanks, Tycho.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Vijay, thanks for the question, and it's exciting to be able to set a new bar on performance, right. So that's been an interesting time for sure. In terms of our guidance, the way that we think about the fourth quarter is base business similar to what we saw in Q3 to a little bit better, and what's assumed in there, and it's an assumption, it's not based on customer feedback, is that year-end spend is softer than it was last year, and we're well positioned to meet it if higher demand, if customers have the funding, and our logic to that was it's a little bit early to know. It's a conservative assumption, and we don't want to disappoint. So if the funding is strong you know that, like we did in these last few quarters or many years actually, if the money is out there we're going to go out and get it, right. So that's the view on the base business, of low to mid single digit growth. When you look at the $1.75 billion, we see very strong demand right now for our COVID response. We're seeing a continued build in our vaccine and therapy role, and we are also seeing very strong demand for our testing solutions as well. You have less visibility into the month of December. So we have much better visibility, obviously, in October and November, and we just made an assumption that levels were going to be pretty similar to what we saw in the third quarter, and we came in at $1.75 billion. I wouldn't over-read into why $1.75 billion versus $2 billion, it's just that we have visibility for a couple of months, and December we have less visibility, but nonetheless it seems like demand should be strong.
Marc Casper: Yes, so in terms of our role for vaccines and therapeutics, we said over the balance of this year, '21, and '22 it's about $1 billion, and than number continues to grow, so I'd call it a $1 billion-plus at this point. We're active in a significant number of projects, something in the range of over 250 projects on therapies and vaccines, and our role is quite broad, it's not just pharma services, it's bioproduction, biosciences, and -- so that will be a -- is contributing to our revenue, but will contribute more certainly as the fourth quarter, and into the next year progresses.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Steve, thanks for the questions. So, in terms of the academic and government, good to see the return to growth, clearly more customers came back to work, ramping up research activities, and that actually was a global phenomenon; we saw that across all three of the regions, and they all happened at different paces, but it's good to see that. When I made the comments at the very beginning of my remarks, really the funding environment I'm thinking about is the midterm, right, it's [technical difficulty] -- what I mean by that is there's such interest now in infectious disease, the pandemic, the importance, like in the U.S., of how NIH has played a huge role here. Those things are going to really, for the midterm, be very positive on a funding environment. Even short-term we're seeing quite a bit of interest from governments, and then obviously academic institutions, their own situation is probably much more impacted by their own economics, so that's going to be somewhat of a headwind, but that historically has been a low to mid single-digit growth market, and it's good to see we're already back to low single-digit growth there.
Marc Casper: Well, Steve, in terms of the role of testing, obviously managing in a pandemic is around social distancing, mask-wearing, good hygiene, and all of those things, and testing is a valuable supplemental tool to that, and we're seeing more and more demand for testing in those applications as well for kind of return-to-life is what we call it, which is really work in school, and things like the Amplitude is going to be able to support both medical applications as well as screening. You get a very high throughput, it's very economic, and therefore customers can get results quite rapidly, and therefore it plays a role, and what you're getting with PCR is extreme levels of accuracy versus some of the other technologies out there, which also will play a role, but you are trading accuracy, and depending on what the application is that's something that there certain applications doesn't make a lot of sense for. Operator, we'll take the next one.
Marc Casper: Yes, Derik, good morning. So in terms of the $2 billion, the majority is the testing related portion of that, and when you think about the testing portion it's actually quite expansive, right. So the single largest piece of that is going to be on our proprietary COVID-19 TaqPath kits, PCR kits, but we also have significant revenue from instrumentation and lab-developed tests. So that's kind of the PCR ecosystem with all of the very substantial sample prep that we provide across the industry as well. We really have built tremendous momentum there. On top of that, our viral transport media business has grown very rapidly, so Q3 was a nice step up from Q2, and we expect that to continue to grow, and that is a key part of the specimen collection, sample collection and transport to a lab, and so that we'll continue to build, and we announced that we're opening up a new facility in Scotland. We broke ground on that, be able to start producing viral transport media at the end of the year to start the European market, beyond the two facilities in Europe that already do that. So that continues to be important. From the next aspect, which is probably the smallest aspect at this point, which is PPE, as you would expect there was clearly -- that's all through our channel business. There was very elevated prices in the beginning of the pandemic as there was massive supply constraints. Volume has still be high, pricing has come down, and so, therefore while there's a moderate level of activity a lot of volume at a lower price, and that's good from a societal standpoint. It's good to see suppliers catching up with demand, and then from the -- probably the fastest-growing and building is our broad role in kind of, I'll say, vaccines and therapies, and I'm going to define it broadly because I think that sometimes because we have the most comprehensive position in the industry that we don't get clearly compared to the right activity. So the way to think about it, and Stephen was articulating it, there's what we provide to the manufacturers of a vaccine or a therapy, and historically you'd look at that as bioproduction, and that would be our leading positions in cell culture media, single-use technology, and our rapidly growing position in purification resins. At the same point, our biosciences business actually has a very meaningful role in that as well through the enzyme and nucleotide production, and we're doing very substantial expansions of capacity to support those needs as well. So, that's one set of activity. The second set of the activity is obviously around our pharma services business, and you would see that in our sterile fill-finish network, where you do the filling of a vaccine or a biologic, but you also see that in our drug substance or biologics plants, and even with some of the antivirals that are small molecules, you can see them in our API facility. So, we're incredibly well-positioned in a very skill way to serve the vaccine and therapy opportunities, and you're already starting to see that build, and that will continue to build in Q4 and into next year.
Marc Casper: So, in terms of the revenue, the really strong sequential improvement in revenue for Q3 versus Q2, the answer there is our orders are growing much faster than the revenue. So, we're actually building backlog. So, I don't think it is much of shifting from Q2 to Q3, just customer activity is really been picking up. You see that most quickly in our life science mass spec business and chromatography business. That business returned to growth in the quarter from a revenue perspective, and bookings were stronger than that. So, that's very encouraging, and then, as you would expect on the flip side, those areas that are very economically sensitive like chemical analysis, that's lagging, right, improved substantially, but lagging relative to the life sciences mass spec, and we have from a install base of sample prep and qPCR, we're shipping in a quarter what we would normally ship in a year. So, it doesn't give you the exact number, but it gives you the sense of the magnitude of how big that's been.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Doug, what I can say is that on the first one, I have to be 100%, right on the answer, right, if it's either up down or flat, then I…
Marc Casper: And Steve, another way we have a say lots of discussions with our customers. It's a little tacky right now to say, so what is your yearend budget going to look like. It's just not a topic that is where you are focused on which is -- so not helping you, right, and this is not a normal year. So, I think that's a good place to start again for the quarter.
Marc Casper: Growth is very strong, stronger than the historically strong performance, and orders were significantly stronger than that strong growth, so very, very high level of order growth which you would expect, right. We play a major role in the therapies and vaccines broadly in all classes of disease, and we are playing a significant role in COVID. So, we are seeing very strong demand for our capabilities. Thanks Steve.
Marc Casper: It seems pretty steady. I mean if think about manufacturing across the industry not our customers, has been smooth sailing through this period of time, right. Companies have been able to produce their medicines and develop their products for -- through the development process. So, we haven't seen COVID-related disruptions on the manufacturing side of biotech and pharmaceutical. It continues to grow very substantially. So, obviously there is going to be some diversion of short-term resources. So, maybe two or three years from now there is some project that has been theoretically less than what it could have been because of COVID work, but I think that's very much in the noise level, because if I look at things like new quotations and new activities, it's extraordinary high and our development work, clinical trials work. So, I think it's very good.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. R&D spend was up about 20% in the quarter. So, we're investing substantially. It's really about adding more talent is the step that we are doing, and then working on some key areas that -- where demand actually has been a little bit softer. So, what we are doing is kind of doubling down the investment to position ourselves for strong growth for the long term. Very much the exact playbook we did in the financial crisis where we had a very high focus on investing in R&D so that we would bounce back out of the downturn quickly, and we did, and so we are doing that same playbook in certain areas and returns will show up in the next couple of years is the way to think about it. Thank you, Jack, for the question, and let me wrap up with a couple of things, first that we are certainly proud of our role in helping our customers and society during this time. We are going to continue to manage the company appropriately to come out of this period and even stronger industry leader. We look forward to updating you on our progress at yearend. I hope that you stay safe, and as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
