Marc N. Casper: Sure, Tycho. Good morning. Asia Pacific was strong for us in the quarter. We had great strength in China. Japan grew but in a muted fashion, not materially different than we would have expected. There's clearly some government budgeting challenges, which means that the next quarter may be a little muted, but given the strength we have in China, it shouldn't be a significant factor for Thermo Fisher.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so in terms of those end markets, Tycho, the core industrial business that we serve has been weak now for a protracted period of time and our assumption is it's going to continue to be in that state. So we did not see a further deceleration. It's been a soft end market and we've been able to power through that in terms of our driving results. So that is what it is. Applied markets, however, are continuing to have good strength. Our environmental markets, food safety was strong and, as I look forward to the next couple of quarters, the applied markets also benefit from a very nuance thing, which is in the U.S. the Coal Miner Safety Act actually has a deadline in terms of when air monitoring has to be done. And that goes into effect February 1. So we had a couple of nice things going on on the environmental side that helps us on the applied and we're making the assumption that at least for the next couple of quarters, if not longer, we're going to be in a muted industrial outlook.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. In terms of pharma and biotech, I could talk about pharma and biotech forever. We're well positioned there and the market is doing great. 10% growth in the market. Clearly, as we saw in the last few quarters, the market is a little better than what it has been, say, in the previous few years. That's primarily because drugs are getting through the FDA process and getting approved. So the customers are getting a return on their R&D investments and they're spending money. And we are really well positioned with this customer set. We have incredible access to the executives at all level in these organizations. They understand our technologies and how we help drive both their productivity and innovation. And you are seeing very strong momentum across our entire portfolio from bioproduction, based on a lot of what's going on on the biotech front. Biosciences, it's a result of the synergies, if you will, in terms of leveraging the Thermo Fisher strength with these customers and biopharma services is just a great business that continues to drive momentum. So we feel good about the position for biopharma. Clearly lots of headlines about pricing and it seems to be a political hot potato that obviously is something we pay attention to, but as long as drugs are getting through the pipeline and they are making progress there, we feel that this is going to continue to be a good solid end market for us.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, in terms of the M&A, we always have this huge pipeline of activity where we're always exploring different opportunities, and then it becomes a question of when the value creation is going to work for us. So we're looking at things as we have for the last many years and we have an interesting pipeline and should the right deal line up then you'll see us do it, and if not, we'll just get back to normal capital deployment, which is coming up soon, we're only a couple of months away from 2016. Thanks, Tycho.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so good question. In terms of the Diagnostics business, we had sunsetted or we had an expiration of a contract with one OEM customer at the end of 2014. The particular customer was acquired by a competitor somewhat before that, so we knew that contract was going to come to an expiration. It was about two points of organic growth headwind in the segment in the quarter. It will be about a one point of headwind in the fourth quarter and then it is gone. It was totally baked into our guidance at the beginning of the year. It's something we knew. We knew it's more of a backend impact on this particular segment and so it's one of those things that will be behind us and positions our diagnostics business well through the other actions we're taking.
Marc N. Casper: So as we said back in May, we raised our outlook from 3% for this segment to 4% and every quarter that we are doing 4% or better will give us more confidence that it could be higher, but we want to deliver this for a while before we create a new norm. But the team is doing a really good job of executing in our Life Sciences Solutions business. They're leveraging the capabilities of the rest of Thermo Fisher to drive growth and improve our competitive position, so more to come on that over time.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, Ross, in terms of emerging markets, for us this year, China is performing very well. India is performing very well. Obviously, Russia is really, really soft, right? So it is what it is. And if I go back and I think about my 15 years at the company, there's always puts and takes in emerging markets. There's very few periods where everything is robust. So it's kind of a portfolio, which is why you typically invest in the downturn in some of these markets, so you're positioned when the funding improves. While the investment we made in Brazil was not large by any sense, it was more of a statement that we're in these markets for the long term, we have important customers and as things improve we're capitalizing to seize on where the funding is. In terms of China, the team has doing a really good job. They're really executing very well and they're gaining shares as far as we can tell, through all the data we look at. What I would say is the industrial business there has been pretty muted for a while. And what's driving the growth really is the applied markets and the needs on the applied markets are very, very, very substantial, right? In terms of water issues, air pollution issues, and food safety issues, there's a huge need. And what was encouraging was to see that the food safety portion of the business is clearly picking up, which gives a encouraging view that some of those spend will be positive. China, in this environment, is very hard to forecast. So, we're certainly not in a position to talk about 2016 yet. What I can say is that we had good bookings in the quarter which positions us for a solid year in terms of China for 2015 and that's good. To me, it's about making the most of the opportunities and our team is doing a good job of pivoting to where the funding is in the Chinese market.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, Ross, in terms of the end markets and in this sort of the market landscape, it's a very fragmented market. We pick very carefully where we play and where we don't play. Right? We want to have good, sustainable industry structure in this segment so that you can maintain really nice profitability with a reasonable rate of growth. And that's how we played it out. We've built enough scale so that when we launch new technologies we can reach those customers easily. You know we have a focus in clinical oncology. In the sequencing business, you are hearing us talking about some launches from our analytical instruments. That all leverages the scale we have in that market. So over time, do I think there's going to be bolt-on M&A activities in the diagnostic realm? Absolutely, it's incredibly fragmented. We've got a good track record in the acquisitions that we've done there in generating really good returns. So when we see the right opportunities, we'll pick them up. And what's important to reinforce, there's nothing we have to do here, right? We have a great portfolio with a great position. So we look at them and say where do we think we can uniquely make businesses better and create value for our shareholders
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, I like the acquisitions that we've done. I like ASI. It serves the bioproduction segment, which is one of our fastest growing businesses and that integration has gone smoothly. Alfa Aesar is an incredibly complementary acquisition in terms of strengthening both our channel business and our global chemicals business. And I think we'll generate very strong returns there as well. In terms of the landscape, we're always looking at things, and the way that I think about it is the depressed stock prices relative to two months ago, probably doesn't reduce the price you pay for an acquisition, but it certainly would increase the odds of an acquisition happening. And I'm not saying there really is... I don't think you get a bargain because the stock is down from where it was a short while ago, but I think people say, well, God, I have to work hard to get back to it. So it becomes a little bit easier on some of those things. So I don't think it's materially different, Jon, but that's how I would handicap it.
Marc N. Casper: A great question. So, generally, the way we think about this is a business that generally grows in line with the company average. It has a larger exposure to biotech and pharmaceutical end market, given that the biopharma services business resides there and our channel business resides there that has strong presence. So what you're seeing right now is with a very robust performance by us in the biotech and pharma market. That shows up there disproportionately, but it also shows up in Life Sciences Solutions, it shows up in our chroma and mass spec business with Analytical Instruments. But it really gets highlighted in Lab Products and Services segments. So as long as biotech and pharma continues to do well and we continue to execute well there, we should be driving pretty good growth out of LP&S.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, thank you. So In terms of reimbursement, there's a lot of recent press around U.S. reimbursement for certain lab tests. We've been in this environment globally for a while, right? Where you have a situation where countries are trying to keep their healthcare costs under control. And we've been able to navigate that successfully by working with our customers to help them maximize the reimbursement that they can get for their capabilities. We're making substantial investments in our health economics team, which is really what justifies why health systems around the world should be using our products. So that's part of the response. When I think about the most recent dialog in the US, clearly it would affect some of our customers, particularly in the drugs of abuse area. It's not a huge business for us, but given that we offer different methodologies that have different reimbursement rates, a lot of what we're doing with our customers now is helping them position the testing in a way that they can get properly reimbursed for their products. So we will work hard to navigate through any impacts from what's going on in some of the preliminary discussions on U.S. reimbursement.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, when I think about the performance, and I was looking back to 2013 as well, we grew high single digits in 2013 in pharma and biotech. We've been able to deliver that mid to high-single digit growth. Obviously, this year we've had a couple of quarters above that. Again, some difficult comparisons. We're going to have difficult comparisons next year, but we're really well positioned here. And when I think about our end markets in aggregate, I feel good about our outlook. There's always some puts and takes in the various markets, but we're well positioned here. When I think about the dialog we're having with our big pharmaceutical customers and the dialog we're having with our small biotech customers, there are so many of them, I remain bullish about the outlook for these end markets
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So in terms of the outlook for the year, we didn't really do much in terms of guiding by China. We kind of called it – we took a pass on it saying it was just the company average because it was hard to forecast at the beginning of the year. Clearly, China is growing meaningfully above it and has offset some other things, right? So we feel good about delivering the 4% organic growth for the full year, and like every other year, you do it using a slightly different way than what you think you're going to do at the beginning of the year because it's our job to put the resources where the best opportunities are. So China has been good, the team has executed well. It's offset some softness in other markets and we feel good about the short-term positioning there.
Marc N. Casper: The five-year plan only to the respect that at least – obviously, they don't release it early. The priorities that have been driving our growth over the last number of years around health care expansion, food safety and environmental seem to be highly likely that those will continue to be priorities. So while they haven't published it yet, we feel like these are things that have been a priority for China and are likely to continue to be a priority going forward.
Marc N. Casper: We're well positioned with the smaller biotech. You may recall a couple of years ago we started to expand our coverage model. We always called on those customers, but calling on them as a company level as opposed to a business level and that's worked really well. Even if the spend might be pre-IPO, it might be $1 million or $2 million with a decent-sized startup, over time, those spends really can grow with the ones that have product developments making it through the pipeline. So we're serving those customers well. We're doing a really good job of leveraging our capabilities there. So we think that in terms of biotech, as they convert their cash into products moving through the pipeline, we'll be one of the beneficiaries of that.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, we've been growing low-single-digits in the end market. It's very hard to forecast what's going to happen with the U.S. government. Clearly, we play a very active role in making sure that the government stays open and I do actually spend time on that because it's disruptive to our customers when we get into that debate. But right now, it looks like at least for the next month or two, it looks like things will continue to be funded and hopefully we'll get to a period where we get out of this very short term environment. There's some really better things on the mid-term, the 21st Century Cures and so just a general dialog around the NIH is much more positive. So if we can ever get to a period where we can get a budget done, we should benefit as our customers will benefit from improved funding.
Marc N. Casper: Isaac, it's pretty hard to pin down what the market share is versus the end market. I need to see what some of the other companies report to get the very crisp feel to that. But what I would say is in that growth there's not, like, big account flips. What it really is is just good share of wallet execution, just picking up share at our existing customers, driving more biosciences revenue, capitalizing on our strength of biopharma services, and bioproduction continues to be very strong for us.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so in terms of the business there, when I think about the mid-term for the business and the long-term, we have some really cool products in the product development pipeline that we've foreshadowed a little bit and you're seeing some of the earlier versions of those. That will help drive very good long-term growth. In the short-term at this level, I would say primarily, what you're looking at is you've got one contract that we're just sunsetting at the end of the fourth quarter that creates a little bit of a headwind this year. But other than that, it's pretty normal rate (52:32) in terms of where it is. So I love the long-term outlook and it's a great profit generator for us with moderate growth in the very short-term as we've been going through this expiration.
Marc N. Casper: Steve, great question. So really what you are seeing is things are driving results faster. They are materializing a little faster than we expected, so basically our revenue synergy plans were kind of zero in year one, $60 million in year two, $150 million in year three. That was roughly the ramp-up. And we'll do a little better than $60 million and it puts us in a great position to achieve the $150 million. The thing that is a real highlight for us in this year, in the second year of our integration, really is is how effectively the channel business and our Life Sciences Solutions businesses are working together. So that execution has gone very well. What's to come is more around the e-commerce platform and leveraging that. And you probably have noticed that the thermofisher.com looks differently than it did a few months ago. And you now see it much more commerce-oriented as we integrated a couple of our key web properties. And you'll see more product access on that platform over time. So we have a lot of really cool things in process. Our customers are recognizing it and it's really helping drive nice growth for the company and nice growth for the Life Sciences Solutions segment.
Marc N. Casper: So – Steve, thanks. It is always challenging to know how customers will spend at the end of the year. The last two years we've had very strong year end spending. We assume a reasonable level of year-end spend. And when I think about the fourth quarter, as I just think about, sort of, how to look at the revenue growth, what you have is the benefit of an extra day, which is good. And you have a very challenging comparison, which is a headwind. But when we put it all together, we still feel very good about our ability to deliver the 4% organic growth for the full year. So that's our view and you really don't know on the budget flush, literally until the last two weeks of the year, is really how that plays out.
Marc N. Casper: No. In terms of the way we've managed through it, basically, we've pushed pricing harder, selectively. We're having a good year on pricing. We did manage our cost base tightly. We always manage our cost base tightly. We put a little bit more emphasis. But we did the right things for the long-term health of the business as well. So you're not going to see cost come back in because of something we did this year. In fact, you'll see us drive meaningful productivity as we get into 2016 as well.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So pricing, which over the last few years has bounced around between 0.5% and 1%, it's probably in the range of about 0.75% year-to-date, Q3 was stronger than that. So we're having a good year on pricing from that perspective. And in terms of PPI, it's who we are. Right? I mean it's how we operate, it's how we come to work every day in terms of driving productivity and efficiency and it will drive meaningful opportunities. When we talked about our longer term goals of getting our margins to 24% to 26%, PPI is a key contributor to doing that and it gives us great confidence in our ability to have really solid growth prospects in terms of earnings for many, many, many years to come.
Marc N. Casper: So with that let me wrap it up with just a couple of quick things. One, thanks for joining us today. We had another solid quarter. We're in a great position to deliver another very strong year at Thermo Fisher Scientific and we look forward to reviewing our year-end results in early February. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Hi, good morning, Jon. This is Stephen. So, I'll take this question. The book to bill was just below 1. For the year-to-date, it's actually just slightly above 1. And we had good bookings growth across all four segments this quarter, so no areas of concern on the book-to-bill.
Stephen Williamson: Good morning, Doug. So the book-to-bill is a positive book-to-bill. It's over 3% above revenue. So we've had good bookings all year really for China.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah, sure, Brandon. So, yeah, so we're just over $1.3 billion year-to-date. And when I look at Q4, Q4 is always, historically, our strongest cash flow quarter. And then when you think about the year-over-year dynamic, two significant items, really, cash taxes and cash interest in 2015 have pretty much largely been done in the first three quarters, which wasn't the case last year. So very little cash tax, cash interest payments in Q4, which helps us drive a strong cash flow – free cash flow in Q4.
