Marc N. Casper: Yes, so -- Ross, thank you for the question. Let me focus just on the Analytical Technologies, which is where you focused the question. So within that, we have our largest exposure to core industrial businesses -- or markets, and for us, that's most dependent on things like commodity materials. We didn't see any change to the quarter in terms of patterns, so it continues to be a soft market. It's been soft all year. So that's the kind of the industrial portion of that business. When you look at within that same segment, we also have our mass spectrometry and chromatography businesses, and our mass spectrometry business had an outstanding quarter, and our liquid chromatography business was very, very strong as well. So there's a lot of details within that portfolio, but we didn't see a lot of change month-to-month. There was more industrials very soft, but areas that you would expect Thermo Fisher to continue to gain share, things like life science, mass spec and HPLC, that continues to be consistent.
Marc N. Casper: All right. So China's been growing consistently in that 20% range for us now for quite a number of quarters. We have a very integrated strategy, right? So because of our scale, we believe that we're able to put the best people on board, which allows us to execute, in a way, a harder strategy, but that strategy has manufacturing facilities that are geared towards the local market. I mean, that's why I picked out the Chinese CDC, right, which is, in this particular order, they wanted just local manufactured products, right, and the reality is we were able to do that, right, big order. Our customers want some degree of tailoring of our global products to meet their specific needs, which is why our China technology center exists. Environmentally, you get off the airplane in China, you know that there's air quality issues, right? You don't literally have to even -- you can see it when you're landing, right, which is why our business is globally headquartered there for air monitoring. So when you look at it, we have broad breadth -- broad-range strength in the market, and we're using our scale to create a really positive customer experience. Our executive team spends an enormous amount of time in China. I was there in September. I'm going back next week. The rest of the -- the rest of my direct reports do the same thing because the government is very important to decision-making, and building those strong relationships is an advantage, and scale matters. Little companies just don't have the same access as an industry leader has, and we're trying to take that to the next level every time.
Marc N. Casper: Jon, it's a great question right? So we have a very strong operating system at the company, our PPI Business System. And our 39,000 colleagues are constantly trying to make the company better every day and more efficient. And as we went into this period of a muted recovery coming out of the recession, our team has done a very good job of streamlining the organization, eliminating waste, so that we can fund R&D and our significant expansion in emerging markets. So we're not starving the organization in terms of a bright future. In fact, I've spent most of my comments today actually on new product launches, and I have to cut them short, otherwise, we'd run out of time for Q&A, right? So we're spending for a bright future, and we feel like we're taking out the appropriate costs to deliver very strong returns for our shareholders. Looking forward, if we continue in this muted growth environment, we believe the ability to drive good bottom line performance is clearly something that we have the skill to do and the ability to do. And as we get into our guidance process for 2014 early in the year, we'll articulate our plans. But we've lived through periods of rapid growth, we've lived through a couple of recessions, and we've lived through a period of muted growth. And pretty consistent to that is we've been very focused on driving bottom line improvement.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, at a simplistic level, yes. I mean, what we'll do is, when we give out the -- when we close the transaction and give out the guidance, we'll bridge the details enough so that everyone can understand what we're doing. But our base business without Life continues to have to generate good earnings growth. And then obviously, you're going to get the positive synergies and accretions from that acquisition as well on top of that.
Marc N. Casper: So industrial -- core industrial continues to be soft in China. So that's going to affect the Analytical Technologies segment the most. There were certainly bright spots on the applied markets in China, particularly air quality continues to be strong in that market. Health care continues to be a good growth driver as well, so Specialty Diagnostics will benefit from that. And then mass spec had a very, very strong quarter in China as well. So that gives you a little bit of a flavor. Headwinds continue in industrial, the rest of the business performing solidly.
Marc N. Casper: We had good, good momentum in our channel business in the quarter. We had very strong momentum in our clinical trials logistics business. I would say that our share in our channel business, we probably grew share slightly in the quarter, and that's not growing hugely different from the rate of the market but probably a little faster than the market.
Marc N. Casper: So let me limit it to what we saw and a little bit on Q4. We'll deal with all of '14 holistically through our guidance process. Let me start -- longer term, as you take it out of years, I don't think we're -- our view on academic and government continues to be the same, which is going to be a low single-digit growth market for us in the long term, not so different than what we talked about at the Analyst Meeting. I don't think there's a big change even with all the stuff going on in Washington. So when I look at the performance in academic and government, year-to-date, we're down low single digits, I mean, basically. And our view for the fourth quarter is fairly similar to that environment. Basically, we're not assuming a particularly material effect from the government shutdown. Obviously, a little bit of a headwind. But we also know that sequestration is certainly with us for the rest of the year, so that means that -- any optimism that maybe sequestration would go away this year, that fades, from customers' viewpoint. So similar to Q3 is how we're thinking about it.
Marc N. Casper: If we look back now over the past few years, we've been growing well above the company average share. We're clearly gaining share. Our customers are benefiting from the productivity that we deliver for them, and we feel like our value proposition is very well suited to help customers navigate a tough environment. So we never like any of our customers to be struggling, but what I can tell you is that we're on the phone the minute those issues happen, and we're they're coming out with new ways of helping them navigate those environments. Our clinical trials logistics business, obviously, has done very well for quite some time. And the reason for that is we're just substantially lower cost than the in-house capability, and our quality and performance metrics are truly outstanding, so customers are getting comparable or better quality at a lower cost. And as customers are tightening their belts, they've been driving more and more business to us, and we've been cross-selling across the portfolio as well. So our view is that it's our job to help our customers be successful, and we'll continue to focus on navigating that environment going forward.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So for -- clinical research is growing in importance for us. It's still early in terms of the adoption for us, but it's -- but we're seeing some of it in clinical research. And the new products have done very well. We started shipping the products in the quarter. The uptake has been very strong. And one of the things I'm very passionate about is that the Q Exactive, which is -- we launched a couple years back, just had a fabulous quarter, right? So we launched another high-end system, but we don't lose any momentum in the Q Exactive. I wasn't expecting to lose any momentum because it serves a different market, but it's nice to actually see the facts play out that way in terms of performance. HPLC was very strong for us, so I feel good about how our teams are executing around the world.
Marc N. Casper: This is a great question. So when you look at the academic and government performance, you see the pressures in AT and in LPS. But the consumable mix is the vast majority in LP&S (sic) [LPS], so it's more muted, the effect, than the capital equipment effect that you would see in AT. So you see some pressures, Doug, in the Lab Products and Services, but you see a lot more pressure on more the routine capital equipment, which is in the other segments, so that's part of it. The other thing is because pharma is overrepresented, it's a good thing, in Lab Products and Services, that's really been a very strong driver of that. Because you have a clinical trials logistics business there, our channel business, our lab consumables, things that are very pharma and biotech focused, we have a disproportionate weighting in that segment. So I think those factors would say why does the performance consistently look very strong in Lab Products and Services.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Doug, thanks. A few things. One of -- I'll mention one more time, this the China CDC order in lab equipment. We moved one of our business units, actually a large one, the headquarters to China about a year ago basically to position this business for the very strong funding environment that's likely to continue for many years in China. So we're always looking at our portfolio around the world and trying to optimize it to position us for growth. I think the combination with Life Technologies actually gives us some interesting opportunities, where the markets in some other countries might have been just a little subscale for us to really want to put the infrastructure in place to build a very, very superior experience for our customers but the combined entity is worth doing. So I think when you get down to the South Koreas of the world, parts of Southeast Asia, we're going to be able to replicate the very strong capabilities we have in China in some of these markets, not at the same level of cost or investment but just because we have enough scale that we're going to get a quick enough return to do it. So I actually think the combination will position us for better growth over time.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Isaac, obviously, we've been doing this with pharmaceutical customers for quite some time, and we'll continue to do that. So we think that a -- that type of requirement of productivity from our customers is always a good opportunity and the fact that we have a stronger offering in production chemicals now, and when we close Life Technologies, an even stronger offering in some of the life sciences research reagents, it will give us more opportunities to go to those customers and bring new value and help them navigate the environment. On the academic and government side or academic side, decision-making is a little bit different, but the economic needs are the same, right? You're dealing more at the lab level than the enterprise level. And I had the chance to meet with a number of academic customers this week, actually, here in Boston because of ASH. She[ph]is here. And they love the Thermo Fisher value proposition, how we can help navigate what's a tough environment for them. So it's more at the micro level, but we can help them save money, so they can continue doing the important research they're doing, and then it's a great opportunity.
Marc N. Casper: As you look -- we had assumed kind of mid-single-digit growth when we announced the acquisition. It's been growing at the high single digits. We think the business has good momentum. It'll start to show up in our organic growth. Not a huge business, but it's a nice business that the integration has gone incredibly smoothly, and the team's done a great job. So we're going to -- we'll try to maximize the top line performance that we can get out of it. And certainly, that's embedded in our guidance as we set that out for 2014.
Marc N. Casper: Industrial, I don't think it changed much. Basically, we just haven't seen an upswing, right? And when you get into all of the details, basically, it's the core industrial, the commodity material markets continue to be very soft. That's where we have our largest mix of that part of the business. Applied markets, clearly, there's some nice pockets of strength, so I didn't really see a big change in the third quarter, Paul.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, you have your chemical analysis, instruments, your process instruments, molecular spectroscopy, those types of instruments would be most affected. Portable instruments would be another one that would be affected by the economic downturn.
Marc N. Casper: Usually, 2 quarters lag is typically what we see in our business. So we're definitely paying attention to that. That's clearly positive news, but it hasn't sustained yet in terms of orders momentum at this point.
Marc N. Casper: No, it's been incredibly consistent with high single-digit growth now for quite a number of quarters, so the team's doing a good job of executing.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, what I would say is that our product portfolio, ourselves internally, is very strong. We've been launching a number of new products. So as customers release funds, we think we're well positioned to capture market share. I think, basically, customers are being cautious right now. And when we get to a period of a little bit more optimism in the customer base, I think we're very well positioned to see an acceleration of growth.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I would say that we're expecting to see us building momentum in driving penetration in the U.S. for our allergy products. It's -- we do a lot of doctor -- end doctor visits to explain the technology and do education. And as that education becomes stronger and stronger, we think that we're well positioned to have good growth.
Marc N. Casper: So we had good growth in BioProcess Production in the quarter, not as strong as the first half, but the pipeline looks incredibly strong. So I would say that it's growing well, well above the company average, and I feel like we're well positioned.
Marc N. Casper: It was actually a strong performance, but we've been growing double digits for a while, and this was more in the mid to high single digits. I don't think there's anything much to it. I looked at the pipeline, and it looks like the next few quarters look strong.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, we've had a few good quarters now in a row in Brazil. Our diagnostic business, in particular, is driving good growth in that market. So there had been some changes in the reimbursement and regulatory environment that had put some pressures on that business over the past year or so, and that's clearly subsided. That's been probably the biggest driver.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so it's really about the outsourcing trends, it's what's driving it. And what customers are doing is most of the biopharma customers’ use us in some fashion, but it's the question of how penetrated we are. And for the most part, we have lots of opportunity to increase our share of wallet, if you will. So it's less about new services than it is going from being surplus capacity to being a portion of capacity, to being the sole-source provider of that capacity, and we're seeing more and more customers move towards using us as the sole or primary provider, and that's a great opportunity, and we think we got lots and lots of legs in that strategy in terms of driving growth.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap it up. As we look sitting here in October, we have 3 strong quarters behind us, and we're on track to achieve our growth goals for the year. Life Technologies integration planning is progressing very well. I'm really confident that we'll be in an excellent position going into 2014, and I'm looking forward to updating you early in the year. Thank you, again, for your time this morning and, certainly, for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes. Certainly, there's a lot of things that have changed since April 15 on the Life acquisition pluses and minuses, and so I'm not going to answer one piece of that equation. So we'll give you updated guidance once we close the transaction.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so in terms of the SG&A, we certainly are still continuing to make investments in the business. The leverage we're getting in SG&A year-over-year is really about the restructuring activity that we're doing and PPI activities that drive costs out of the system. So they're really not any material impact related to planning for Life. Obviously, there's a very small piece of our company that's really directly overlapping with Life in terms of the cost base, so that's not anything that's impacting the numbers.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, I think, obviously, in the Laboratory Products and Services segment, it's a little more challenging to get a margin expansion just because of the mix of self-manufactured versus sourced products. So this is a really strong performance for that quarter, but we still have room to expand margins. I would say, on an annual basis, if we're thinking about 50 to 100 basis points at the company level, you're probably in the 20 to 40 basis points range here in this segment is what you could expect as long as we get mid-single-digit kind of organic growth.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, in terms of flu, we definitely have a tough comparison in Q4. We had a very strong flu season in 2012. And basically, what's assumed in our guidance right now is that we have kind of an average flu season. We don't have any good insight yet on the strength of the season.
