Marc Casper: Sure. So Jack thanks for the question. Our clinical research group has performed incredibly well, a great first year as part of the company, exceeding our own high level of ambition for the business. Integration has gone smoothly. Customers really see the obvious fit with the company, and it really has driven very strong momentum. And our colleagues are very excited about the combination. So as I think about the different elements of performance, the book-to-bill was very positive. Authorizations were very strong in the quarter and the year. So we entered the year with very strong momentum in terms of the backlog that we have in the business and the authorizations. The revenue synergies, the way I would think about it is in two phases because of the long-cycle nature from a win to revenue. We've won extremely substantial revenue synergies that will show up in the financials in 2023 and beyond. We had a small amount of revenue that came into the numbers last year, but we're talking in the hundreds of millions of dollars of wins that we've achieved from an authorization standpoint, so extremely positive. And in terms of our thoughts about 2023, it will grow above of the company's average of the 7% growth that we outlined in the course. So a nice contributor to the success. And really, it's been a seamless integration for the team. We're very grateful for that.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. But when I think about the $500 million, right, and when I look at that, that number is primarily related to our pharma services activity. It's around actually producing the active pharmaceutical ingredients for the therapies. It's for the sterile fill finish primarily for the vaccines and some of the therapies. So we have pretty good visibility to that number. So I feel good about that. We decided back, I guess, 1.5 years ago or whatever the exact timeframe we did, the definition of core was we invested in capacity. And if you think about a sterile fill finish line, as an example, can be used for a COVID vaccine. It can also be used for pretty much any other biologic and even some of the small molecules, right? And therefore, our view was we would transition that capacity over time and we have been and we will. The other aspect of core is that if you think about how strong our growth was last year, well above our own ambitions. Even the 12% we had laid out at the end of the third quarter, we've already transitioned a meaningful amount of that revenue in terms of other activities. So we didn't contemplate at all about changing the definition of what success is. We think 7% is the right number for us. The core is the right definition for us. We'll provide transparency during the year about the different components as we always do, so that investors can understand how we're getting there. But I feel great about the outlook, and I'm very proud of what the team delivered last year. Thanks, Jack.
Marc Casper: Yes. Patrick, thanks for the question. So when I think about the Analytical Instruments business, a really strong year, excellent execution. There's nothing different in Q4 than in Q3. So I wouldn't read anything into that. When I look at what's driving it, last year, you saw good market conditions. Funding was clearly strong. I don't know if there was a little bit of pent-up demand from 2020, I don't know. But the funding was clearly available. We did very well with our innovation, right? We stayed committed to innovation throughout the early phase of the pandemic, making sure we have robust pipelines. You saw that in the stream of launches in our chromatography, mass spectrometry and electron microscopy businesses, those products have been well adopted. We're clearly growing very well. And as you know, we've also built out a very strong presence in enabling the next generation of semiconductors, battery applications. The most advanced aspects of material science is a different market position than really anybody else has in the industry and that's driving great growth, right? And you can see it in our electron microscopy numbers. I'm very proud of how the team has executed. So, that's kind of the context of why the elevated growth. So as I think about bookings demand, very strong throughout the year. So we have good visibility to the first half. It's when those – most of those orders will ship. We would expect that the Analytical Instruments business will be a really nice contributor to our growth for the year. And I think it's reasonable to assume that the growth normalizes more in the second half as an assumption. It's not that I see something different or something happening in the market conditions, but our visibility is typically six months. So at the end of the first quarter, we'll have good visibility into the third quarter, and we'll keep you posted. But I think for modeling purpose, I think, normalization in the second half is a good assumption.
Marc Casper: Rachel, thanks for the question. So if I step at the highest level with China, right, historically, been our fastest growing end market. We have a very strong position. Our enabling technologies are important to life sciences and food safety and the biologics industry in China, et cetera. So good demand drivers long-term, long historical perspective. When I think about last year, team delivered high single-digit growth for the year. When I think about the fourth quarter, you had very, very significant disruptions from the end of the COVID, zero COVID policies, right? So you went from this period where I think at least we had no problem in navigating through the challenges of the lockdown policies. But when you have 50%, 60%, 70% of colleagues with COVID, that's obviously highly disruptive. And so you saw the first half of the quarter was strong. The second half of the quarter was weak. Our assumption for this year is that the zero COVID, opening up the economy leads to a weaker first quarter, a strong rebound in the balance of the year. China will grow on our expectations in our guidance a little bit faster for the full year than our core growth. So that's how I would think about it. So a really strong end market, including the disruption from Q1. I think the team has done actually – I'm very impressed with how they've dealt with all of the complexities and keeping our colleagues safe. It's been a challenging period of time.
Marc Casper: Yes, so industrial and applied was very strong in the quarter. Low teens growth in the quarter. Really strong demand and shipments for our chromatography, mass spectrometry and electron microscopy business. So we didn’t see any concerns. Our assumption for the year is that just going to grow at about the average rate growth for the full year. So that’s what we’re assuming in the guidance.
Marc Casper: Yes, there’s some activity of studies that will roll off over multiple years in terms of required follow on studies and activity there that the team as those studies come off, they just have moved to other areas of the therapeutic range. So that really has been done quite seamlessly. And as you know, with the business scaling the way it is having a large capable team is a great way to be able to be ready to serve the next set of customer work. So pretty straightforward.
Marc Casper: So 2023, Stephen said it’s a couple billion dollars and we’ll continue to – it will kind of go down to a glide path back to that 3.5% – 3% to 3.5% from over time. So nothing’s changed in that assumption.
Marc Casper: Yes, so in terms of football, Hope Springs Eternal until the first snap. In terms of the bioproduction business what I would say is a few points. Obviously not every single player has reported, but a couple of them have. So we have a sense of how the industry did and what others have said. When I think about last year, our bioproduction business just crushed it again, right? It just phenomenal performance well above the rate of growth of our pharma and biotech customer set. And that’s three years in a row of really very strong growth. Very proud of how the team has executed. When I think about 2023 against tougher comparisons, obviously, the growth will normalize a bit. And I would expect that based on some of the COVID comparisons of the first half of 2022, that you’ll see more normalization in the first half, stronger in the second half is the pattern, but it’s a good business with incredibly bright prospects. So from that perspective, I feel good about how the team’s managing it, what the – what 2023 will contribute and what the long term is going to be fantastic. Pharma Services businesses has had a very good year, very strong growth, has brought its capacity online very effectively and winning a lot of new business. We still have activity this year that’s meaningful in the vaccine therapies for COVID. And then as those wind down at some point in time, it’s hard to know what the longer-term visibility is for that capacity just gets repurposed on the thing. So we do that in an orderly fashion. So that’s how I think about it. But a really strong year and some really nice meaningful wins throughout 2022 that sets up the Pharma Services business [indiscernible].
Marc Casper: Yes, so what we assumed is normal market conditions, right? And if the way I would characterize last year was above normal market conditions. So normal in my definition is marked goes 4% to 6%, right? And we said that for a very, very long time. So that’s what we’re assuming for this year. If it’s materially different than that, meaning that if the market conditions look anything like they look last year, we’re going to grow well above the core guidance. If the market conditions are meaningfully worse, then what’s assumed the normal market conditions, then we’re going to grow lower than the core organic that we outlined. So nothing’s dramatic about that. And we’ll be super transparent and all our investors will understand if the world is totally different than what it looks like on February 1. What we know is that we’re going to manage incredibly well. So whatever the world throws at us will come out with great short-term performance and a much stronger industry leader for the long term. And that’s what’s super cool about Thermo Fisher because it’s our job to manage the dynamics and do it great and do a great job for our investors. So I’m excited for what the world upholds in 2023 and beyond.
Marc Casper: Sure. So in terms of the guidance and the 7% core, we did not do a lot of machinations about excluding this or that. I think from the math, the way you’re doing it is that if you excluded the vaccines and therapies, it would imply that the growth was 9% or 10%, somewhere in that range is about what the growth would be on that measure of which we’re not using that particular measure. Therefore, you can’t sort of speculate on sort what all the dynamics, it’s much better to just say relative to our 7% grow pharma and biotech, we expect to grow above that, right, in terms of its contribution to the 7%. And we would assume that the industrial and applied would go around the 7% core and the other two markets are a little bit below. So that’s how you should think about the different dynamics.
Marc Casper: Yes, that’s sort of along the line [indiscernible] question, really not much to add, right, which is phenomenal 2022. We created a really challenging and exciting comparison. We get paid to create those comparisons and I would expect that would show up in a more normalized growth in the first half and a little bit stronger than that in the second half. And I think there’s much color between the different customer types or that would provide much more insight on it.
Marc Casper: Welcome. So let me wrap it up here. Thanks everyone for participating in the call. With another strong year behind us, we’re in a great position to achieve another excellent year in 2023. And as always, thank you for support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. And we look forward to updating you during the course of the year as it progresses. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Patrick, thanks for the question. So when I think about the margin profile going forward, that 7% to 9% core organic growth driving 40 to 50 basis points is the right way to think about that company. And the margin opportunity there, you got a little bit of – that just seems a little bit of price benefit, good volume leverage that comes with that and still investing in the business to maintain that top line growth. And then a continuation of using PPIs, that kind of decomplex the company, but I think that – that margin profile still holds in terms of going from the 23.9% going forward, post 2023, I think about the levers that we have. As you saw in this past year, we had a slightly different mix like higher growth in certain parts of our business. And certainly, margins were slightly different in Q4 than we had in the prior guide. But the revenue is significantly higher. And what really matters is operating income dollars that we're driving, and that's incredibly strong and I think that margin profile and then the mix then holds into 2023. And then therefore that kind of 7% to 9% driving that 40 to 50 is a good way to model the company.
Stephen Williamson: I don't really want to give guidance to every single element of the P&L. It's – we're trying to manage a complex company, but a similar margin profile to where we are right now is probably a good starting point. But it really depends on the mix and also changes in currency, and our job is to manage the whole thing and deliver great results.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Rachel, thanks for the question. So when I think about the margin progression through the year, Q1, we got a very significant roll-off in highly profitable testing revenue. And the cost actions against that to enable a 40% pull-through for the year, it's a combination of cost actions and then a non-repeat of the cost – of certain one-time things that we were doing on compensation in the prior year. Those things spread over the whole year. So you get a little bit of benefit in Q1 to offset part of that profitability, but more of that offset really coming in the following three quarters. So that's really the largest piece to it. Now FX is a headwind to margins in Q1, so that's a slight aspect to it. And then the phasing of the China activity is another aspect of that kind of lower level of activity in Q1 and then ramping up to a higher level of revenue in Q4.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, when I think about margin profile, it’s in combination with revenue dollars. So our revenue dollars are materially higher than we then incorporated into my long-term model. And a combination of that plus the margin gets you to a very strong operating income dollars, and that’s what’s driving EPS. So I’m – we’re well positioned with the long-term model.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Vijay in terms of the pull through on the lower testing revenue, as I outlined in the last quarter, the assumptions are approximately 40% in aggregate for the whole year. But that doesn’t all – that’s not the same in every single quarter. Like the offsetting cost actions against a very significant profitability pull through, which is higher than that on a contribution margin basis that’s spread across each of the quarters. But the revenue drop is largely just in Q1. So that’s why you have the margin profile that I outlined for Q1. And the indication I gave for Q1 margin profile at this point is slightly below what has the margin in Q4. So the largest driver there is that a large drop in very profitable testing, and then the offset on the costs to get it to the 40% pull through spread throughout the year. Thanks, Vijay.
