Carol A. Cox: Great, thank you, Kay. And good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We issued our press release today earlier at 1 p.m. Pacific time and posted it on our website at lifetechnologies.com, which is also filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we have posted a deck of slides to accompany today's webcast, which may be found in the events and presentations section of the company's investor relations website with our other earnings materials. Joining me on today's call are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; David Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer; and Ronnie Andrews, our Head of Medical Sciences. They will also be available for Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website, at lifetechnologies.com. Before we get started, I'd just like to remind everyone that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, are detailed in the filings made by the company with the SEC. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected in the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP may be found in today's press release or on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Carol A. Cox: Great. Thanks, David. We'll now open up the call to question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Kate, if you could open it up, I'd appreciate it.
Carol A. Cox: Okay, great. Thank you, everyone. This concludes our fourth quarter and full year 2002 (sic) [ 2012 ] Earnings Conference Call. As always, if you have any additional questions, please just contact us here directly at the company. The webcast replay will be available on our website for the next 3 weeks. Thanks again.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. Let me start with the capital deployment question, and then how it relates to acquisitions. So just to reiterate, we are committed to the 50-50 balanced capital deployment strategy. And so if you were to forecast our free cash flow this year of, let's just round the number to $700 million. Half of that will go into buybacks. Half of that will go back into funding growth. In the area of funding growth, with respect to things beyond capital expenditures, which, as you know, is a very reasonable, stable amount of money for a company like ours, we would target areas that we think will give us faster growth. Our acquisition of that ligand company that goes into our bioprocess business is a great example of the perfect acquisition for us. It's reasonable in size, it's a tuck-in acquisition, and it allows us to be exposed to other elements of what is a nicely growing business of bio production. Ronnie Andrews and his leadership of Medical Sciences continues to scout for other technologies, other pieces of real estate that we need to be the vendor of choice in these more complex diseases like cancer. Although I would just say that we have clearly made a decision that, given how we see the future of diagnostics, which is different than what people would normally think about diagnostics as practiced in the past, there's not a lot of available real estate out there right now that interests us. Therefore, we grow organically, we invest organically. So that's our thoughts on capital deployment. In terms of the markets, we are really pleased with the bodybuilding we did in China over the last 18 months. We took some flak about 18 months ago for going direct, it hurt us in the quarter. But since then, we've been on a tear, as we've hired hundreds of people in direct sales force. We've acquired dealers and we think we now have one of the largest commercial footprints in that very important economy, and our results show it now, that it's paying off in terms of having that more subsitive [ph] broad-based scientific conversation with customers across many, many different cities, territories in China. Lastly, I'll just say is that this idea of globalization is critical for us. We realize that no matter what happens in the United States, it'll probably be a slower growing market for the years to come. And therefore, you're seeing us expand our direct presence, as I said, not only in China, but the Middle East, Russia, Africa, we see ourselves in ever more countries, having ever more scientists than any other company in this space. And we think that's going to allow us to have faster growth that can be had in this marketplace.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So there's a few points we would make here. One is simply that there is a fair amount of fixed cost of R&D investment, personnel investment in that business, and that as the revenue scales this year, we reached the kind of release altitude and get to the point of profitability. That's probably the most important driver. The second one is that we, ironically, have sold many more instruments than we had in our original deal model, when we brought Ion Torrent into the family. And that's good because it's building the installed base. And now what we'll follow is more consumable sales. And so we're really confident that, that's going to add to the margins for 2013. And then the last is what you say in terms of where we're locating manufacturing and how we're doing manufacturing engineering, not only on the instruments, but on the reagents, where we're bringing some in-house into Ambion and some of our enterprises like that, that allows us to have a higher gross margin in our manufacturing. So those 3 elements combine us to give real confidence that Ion Torrent's going to be a nice contributor to the bottom line compared to 2012.
Gregory T. Lucier: The Claritas Genomics opportunity for us was unique. Boston Children's arguably is the finest pediatrics hospital in the world. They have very distinct ideas and world-class personnel of how to make genomic analysis into pediatric care mainstream. And so we wanted to partner with them to not only have them fulfill their aspirations, but also help us refine our systems, our workflows, our procedures, that we could then take that technology in many other places. What was unique about that opportunity was the business structure, as I reference in my comments, is flexible and we actually see others becoming part owners of Claritas Genomics, where we're partners with Claritas Genomics, at various pediatric centers around the world. Ronnie Andrews has other business ideas that don't involve us investing, that involves us just partnering with regional Health Care Systems, and we'll deploy that as well in 2013.
Gregory T. Lucier: There is no doubt that the Research Consumables market place was difficult in 2012. We did see some bright light in the fourth quarter, and you can see that by our results. We also think some of our results were internally driven by some of the great work Mark Stevenson and his team has done in repositioning the portfolio to have various price points for various different functionality of choices for customers, and also by increasing our exposure to faster growing geographies, like China, like India, like Korea. As we look to 2013, we're hopeful that it'll be a bit better marketplace than it was in 2012. But as David said, more of our growth really comes from some of the headwinds that we had in 2012 evaporating, and then continued growth in our Applied and our Genomics business.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, we're not prepared to give overall guidance by segment at this particular call. But for your question, I can give a little bit of color commentary. The CE business, and Mark, I'll have you chime in here, will continue to be flattish or so. But on a fairly large franchise, we think that's pretty good, given that more and more customers in the diagnostics side see that as the gold standard for confirming next generation results. So that continued resiliency of that business we see staying in place through 2013. In the Applied side, I think we'll have another good year of our BioProduction business. It's a very well-run organization with a very good management team there. And then our Forensics business and Farm to Fork are going to have, we think, record years, particularly even in Food Safety, where we'll grow at very high double digits again this year. So we see these franchises as being areas we want to invest in for an earlier question, not only in organic development, but acquisitions. And I think that's where you'll see more of our tuck-ins take place.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, the European business continues to do well in spite of a very challenging macroeconomic environment. I think part of that is it's very well-run. We think it's one of our really solid management teams. But also, they did the hard work a few years ago to reposition their business to areas such as the Middle East, Africa and Russia, where we are experiencing faster growth. If there's a look in terms of your question on the North and South, clearly, the northern part of Europe has grown faster than the southern part of Europe. And some of that growth is being driven by these larger orders in our Applied business that continue to take place in some of the countries across the European, Middle East and Africa landscape.
Gregory T. Lucier: So I think we're targeting a double-digit growth in China. I think, on a longer-term basis -- Dave, correct me -- about a 15% growth is a reasonable expectation. And our guidance in 2013 presumes a moderate level growth like that. Even though we had a higher in 2012, our guidance always is best rooted in being conservative and prudent. We think it's a great market for Life Sciences. We never saw any slowdown. We think they are investing in their university infrastructure, their government research institutes and the rise of the commercial pharmaceutical market is helping us as well. So we'll continue to invest in our commercial infrastructure, our web channels, supply centers, all the things that have been a formula for success in this research market for us in Europe, in the United States, we're now applying with real strength into China.
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure. Let me do -- we'll do to a twofer here. I'll start off, and then Dave can take the back end. But -- we, in our guidance on the low-end, presumed sequestration would be in effect starting March 1 and go through the balance of the calendar year. So a very conservative estimate. For the last 12 months, we've been communicating to shareowners just what the magnitude of sequestration would be when it was to be impacted, I should say, implemented January 1, which was about an 8% cut. At that time, our calculations were based off how much of our business comes from the NIH, translated through then to what its impact would be on our growth rates, if you cut it by 8% or so. And the math just revealed a 1-point hit to our revenue. So it's fairly straightforward math for us. And since then, obviously, some things have changed. The sequester got moved out a few months, and its impact would be less than the 8%. And that's how you end up with the guidance we're now providing.
Gregory T. Lucier: That acquisition has impacted our sale of instruments to the positive. There were other companies in that space, other partners that they had in that space that saw that as a competitive affront. And it has opened up all new channels of discussion of opportunity for us.
Gregory T. Lucier: All right, just checking. In 2013, we have a roadmap of a number of countries where we will either build or buy, and to create a broader distribution capability in that particular country. So I think it's a safe assumption you'll hear a few more acquisitions in terms of expanding our commercial footprint in 2013.
David F. Hoffmeister: I think it's going to be -- the share count's about in line with $175 million. And we haven't in the guidance. Then in our guidance assumes the performance of the business and some potential share count, share repurchases going forward.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, Ross, this is David. I think we're assuming that it's going to have an impact across the product portfolio. Probably next generation sequencing is going to be less impacted by that. As we said all along, what we've seen with reduction in funding, instruments are clearly impacted because people could delay purchase of an instrument. But that starts to have an impact on consumables as well, and we've seen that. So at this point, we're assuming that it's going to be across the portfolio.
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, what we've typically done is we've done open market purchases, primarily conducted through 10b5-1s. And we would assume we'd continue to do that going forward.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, I think that's it in a nutshell. The one thing I would add is, we've said that our exposure to U.S. government funding is somewhere between 10% and 15%, depending on the level of funding, the year, et cetera. In this environment, our latest calculation is that it's closer to 10%. So the 1% assumes the higher end, 15%, times the full sequester cut of 8%, and that gives us the 1% headwind to our total revenue growth. So I think that there's a little cushion in there for us. Although, David, as you've pointed out in some of your reports, some of the lab or research spending is fixed cost. So more of it may take out of discretionary. And that's how we think we've got it covered, or hope we've got it covered, is in that difference between 10%, which is what we think our real exposure is, and the 15% we've used in the calculation.
David F. Hoffmeister: And on the tax rate, basically, it's a case of lower income in some of our -- lower income, as a percentage of our total income, in some lower tax jurisdictions. So for example, many of our instruments, qPCR instruments and our -- will be our Ion Torrent instruments, we're going to manufacture in Singapore. Sale of those instruments, as I said, in a funding-constrained environment, have grown less than they would have, and that's impacting our effective tax rate.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, in regard to the first part, we find actually all the sales are competitive. I think in this next generation space, every customer we speak to is involved in looking competitively. So when we quote our bench top share at 60%, with evolving competitive sales we've been engaged with. In terms of the progress we making, we feel really pleased with the progress we've made on the PI chip. As we've seen with the other chips, we roll them out. We continue to iterate and get improvement on that chip. We take those learnings from those chips and apply them to the next chip. We did that with the III series. And so we're doing that currently with the PI chip. The PII chip is on plan for us. We set out a schedule previously to say, approximately every 6 months, we say to the team, "Let's launch a new chip." And we continue on that track. So you would expect during the middle of this year to have the second chip come out, taking the learnings we're doing with our customers now on the PI chip.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, the first question on the ASPs on the instruments, they've remained approximately the same as we've gone throughout the year. So between the early access site that we did initially, and further units as replaced, the approximate ASP has remained fairly constant throughout the year. I think what's also has surprised many investors is the number of units, also on the PGM, remained approximately the same this last year to 2011. So we see a continued uptake for the 2 sort of price points, where people want to get into a benchtop unit at the PGM price into a panel of genes, or where people want to get into a desktop unit and do with the PI chip transcriptome for next subs.
Mark P. Stevenson: And part of the installations, we've now caught up with the majority of the ones that we shipped at the end of the third quarter. We did ship a large number at the end of the fourth quarter. We're still working through some of those installations and training, pretty much as we did with the PGM. It does take some time for someone to get, both in-store to be proficient, and then we're working with those customers as they continue to improve their performance, as we continue its rate and improve the system. It's a continued, very fast ramp. And so you'll continue to see improvement just as we've done on the III series chip, as we launch with the PI chip and install the Protons.
Mark P. Stevenson: In terms of the ASP, it did hold up for the year. And in terms of the units, it was approximately the same number, yes.
