Marc N. Casper: Sure. Tycho, thanks and good morning. We're assuming in terms of the year with 5% organic growth for the full-year. We are assuming high single-digit growth in Pharma and Biotech is embedded in the guidance based on the strength of the end market and how well our value proposition is resonating with these customers. We expect the year of continued share gain. In terms of the industry consolidation, as you know, we typically benefit from that consolidation because those customers are looking for synergies and given the unique capabilities that we have, we are very much part of delivering the synergies to those customers. And we’ve already had meetings with some of the companies that are thinking about getting bigger and that creates good opportunities going forward. In terms of the receptivity to our Patheon acquisition, which we call Pharma Services, the customers are extremely excited that Thermo Fisher has expanded our capabilities there beyond our historical clinical trials business, and we have a very strong set of wins commercially and that bodes well for the future. And timeline for our St. Louis expansion, it should be completed towards the end of the year, so revenue really is a 2020 event from that expansion.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so Tycho, the Anatomical Pathology business as you know, our job as a management team is really to create shareholder value. And we think that the transaction is both good for Thermo Fisher and good for the Future of the AP business. And we don't have any other divestitures that we're contemplating at this point of time.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, Ross, thanks for the question. In terms of China, very strong year, continuing really a trend of many very strong years. And as a reminder, the 5-year plan within China is very focused on expansion of healthcare and improving environmental protection and food safety. It's really creating an improved quality of life for China. So there is strong demand underlying within the market and because of our unique competitive position, we’ve continued to outpace the market growth. Orders were strong throughout the year. The phasing in Q4 was very good. We did spend time in person with our China leadership team in the first week of January and they’re quite bullish about the prospects for 2019 in terms of both what's going on in the market in terms of -- and also terms of how our customers are perceiving our capabilities and the pipeline of momentum. So 20% organic growth for the year, a very strong fourth quarter as well, good orders. And I’m looking forward to going to China at the end of this quarter to spend time with our team and customers.
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, in terms of Gatan, we don't have that in our results. So we will do that as soon as that closes and our expectation is that it will close in the back half of this year. In terms of the capital deployment, as you know in our long-term 3-year model, primarily we spend and deployed capital on M&A. And we do that over time and we strengthened the balance sheet substantially and Anatomical Pathology will give us even more firepower to deploy over time. And as you know we're incredibly disciplined, so we don’t know the timing of M&A, and we’re not particularly focused on the awareness doing the right deals for our shareholders to create value and over time you will see us continue to deploy capital. From return to capital perspective, as Stephen said, we've done our buybacks and we're assuming in the model for the year.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so from the Patheon business, our -- as you know, when we acquired the business, it was kind of a mid single-digit type growth business. And where we have really focused in year one is in two different things. The first of which is to accelerate the momentum of that business and we grew just about 10% for the year in that business. It was really nice to see that step up in momentum. So that was the first. The second was to apply PPI widely across the network and that is having a huge impact on margin. So we are in the mid-teens margins now. We will expect that to be increase slightly this year. And the reason for that is we have a couple large expansions that we're doing in St. Louis and in our [indiscernible] finish network, and when you do that you actually higher the quality and production people in advance so that they’re trained in advance of when the capacity comes online, so you can get the benefit. So you expect that margins will be similar this year, and then in the future you would see very nice expansion going forward. So that's how I would think about where we are with the Pharma Services business.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So what I would say is for embedded in our guidance for the year is low single to mid single-digit growth in academic and government. We had mid single-digit growth in 2018 in the market. And obviously what we are just paying attention to is a little bit more on Europe. We've seen good strength in China. As you know, 70% of the U.S government was funded or is funded through September 30. So the most important thing was NIH and so that's been fine and looks good for the year. And we’re just paying attention to Europe, so we are giving ourselves a little bit wider range of outcomes for this year. But we feel that between low and mid should be a reasonable outcome for the year.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Doug thanks for the questions and good morning. As you know in our long-term model, what we’ve assumed is 3% to 5% market growth and to grow at least a point faster than the market. That’s sort of the high-level assumption. When I look at 2018 performance, the market was clearly strong. And we accelerated our share gain meaningfully during the course of the year, right? So that was a fantastic execution by the team. When I think about the actions we’ve taken and one of the things we said at the May Analyst Meeting is as we've invested more and more in the business as we have taken life technologies from a low single-digit growth business to a mid to high as we really driven the synergies on the revenue for FTI, as you see the things we're doing within the Patheon acquisition, a year and half after the close, you get a sense that we're driving to the higher portion of our long-term guidance, because we’ve changed the mix of the company through adding a ton of value to the businesses we’ve acquired and strengthening the businesses that we’ve owned historically. So the 5% starting point for the year is actually the start -- the strongest starting point that Stephen and I could remember in our many years of the company. So we're very bullish about the outlook and we will think about the longer-term model back in May when we look forward to seeing everybody in New York and we'll figure out what the right posture is at that point.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So very thoughtful. As I think about the year, what is assumed in our initial guidance is that GDP growth will be a bit slower in 2019 versus 2018, because you have uncertainties associated with things like Brexit and trade wars, right? So that's underlying the assumption to start. When you look at the fundamentals of our business, we are not seeing a slowdown in the momentum, right? So the guidance contemplates that the world could get more challenging, but you actually look at what's within our actual order book and sort of customer pipeline, it's very strong. So that's how we’re thinking about the year and as Stephen has said a couple of times during the course of last year, if the market conditions stay as we have enjoyed over the last year and a half, this will be -- if last year was fantastic, this will be spectacularly fantastic, I don’t know. But it'll be just an outstanding year and this guidance allows us to deal with a bit slower GDP growth if that happens.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. So our electron microscopy business had another outstanding year. And when you look at how we've added value to that business, as a reminder, those are low single-digit growth business prior to the acquisition. And we have really accelerated the growth of material sciences, because of the strength of the combination of the portfolio. Our PPI Business System has made their factories more competitive, has improved the lead times and actually has spurred additional demand. And the adoption of Cryo-Electron Microscopy in the life sciences application has been very strong and in fact the Glacios product that we launched started shipping in 2018 also has contributed to the growth. When you look to the outlook for the business, our assumption is that our industrial and applied end market will have a bit of a slower growth because of difficult comparisons, particularly in the second half of the year. We’ve good visibility of about six months in our electron microscopy business and it looks good. But we know we have a difficult comparison in the second half of the year, given the strength of that business and we're assuming that the growth will moderate because of that and obviously as the quarters unfold we will know whether that assumption was spot on or not.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. So when I think about share gain, it's very broad-based across the company, right? And I could think about it from a few different lenses, right? If you think about it geographically, China has been a real area of our share gain relative to the market growth. If you look at it by end market, as you said Pharma and Biotech, clearly we are growing much faster than the competition. And when you look at it by product line, it's a very broad-based, but you see it clearly in our biosciences business, our mass spectrometry business or chromatography business or bio production business, or electron microscopy business, all grew meaningfully faster than the others. I’m sorry forgot a few others, but it gives you a sense that we have very strong share gain. As I think about what's embedded in our outlook, the minimum goal that we have is at least 1% growth faster than the market, and we obviously did meaningfully better than that in 2018 and our teams are very excited about the prospects for 2019 and they’re going to go out and execute the best they possibly can and drive a very good year for us.
Marc N. Casper: Thanks, Steve. So our allergy business and autoimmunity business had a nice share, good growth. And really, we are a very large percentage of the market. So it's really as we expand our menu and as we help, do the health care economics about the importance of allergy testing, particularly around asthma and all of the effects of asthma that's really what drives the -- drives the growth of that business, expands the market. In the U.S., we’ve -- we enjoyed good growth and that really is migrating from skin protesting to blood based testing, and so we when we think about the business really is all about market expansion and the benefits the patients get from having allergy test. So that’s how we thought about it and the business is doing well and the outlook is very positive for that business as well.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So, Patrick, thanks for the question. So embedded in our guidance is for Europe for the year is low single-digit to mid single-digit growth. It is what we're assuming within 5% organic growth for the year. When you look at the -- by the segments, we're assuming that academic and government will be a little bit weaker embedded in the guidance versus 2018. At the same point, Horizon 2020 funding looks good and I had the opportunity last week to meet with a couple of the ministers in the U.K government and their commitment to preserving the important life sciences heritage that exists in that country is very strong. So, I think the actions of the governments are taking actually reinforce a reasonable outlook for academic and government, but just given the potential for economic growth to mute -- be a little bit more muted. We are assuming that there's a little bit more pressure there, so we will see how that plays out.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of bioprocessing, we had a very strong year and as you’ve seen more and more of the molecules have gone from small molecule to large molecule and that really bodes well for the bioprocessing business. And as a reminder, of the four main segments of the activity that exist in bioprocessing, we are the market leader in two, which is [indiscernible] and in single use technologies. And as you know we don’t play in a very large way in purification or filtration. So we are enjoying strong growth because of our strength of the position and good market conditions. When I think about the outlook, I would say we feel good about the assumptions of high single-digit growth for Pharma and Biotech in aggregate. And we will work hard to continue to drive to the highest possible growth in that end market.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the tariffs, we've taken some incremental pricing actions, we've taken some incremental sourcing actions, and we have the plans in place to address supply chain if the tariffs really remain permanent. So we know what we would do, but we haven't done a lot of that at this point because it takes a bunch of activity, which we easily can do. But I don't want to do it and then have them move it back or its kind of the way. So we're kind of weighing and seeing a little bit to figure out what the landscape will be on those particular actions. Operator, we have time for just one more.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So we had a very strong quarter. It was -- I think it was something on 19% -- 19%, 19.5% something like that for the quarter, 20% for the year. We're assuming mid-teens growth. This was embedded in the 5% guidance. Feel like that’s a reasonable assumption at the starting point. If I think back over history, we've had different levels. I think mid-teens will be one of the more bullish starting points that we had in the year. Remember, we had double-digit in the past and others, but we feel good about the outlook for the share.
Marc N. Casper: [Multiple speakers] really good. If you go five years ago, there was very little other than Chinese traditional medicine. And it's been extremely robust given the emergence of innovative drugs and medicines coming out of the country. So we’ve had really good growth there and that also adds sustainability to that market. So let me wrap up the call. It's been a fantastic year. But I’ve to say we are more excited about the opportunities ahead. We look forward to updating you over the course of 2019. And as always thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Doug, [indiscernible] phasing of organic growth kind of expectation for the year as I described in my prepared remarks.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, in terms of margin share, we’re investing -- so clearly investing ahead of the Cascadion launch, another commercialization, making investments in regulatory infrastructure across the globe and also making some good health care economics investments to make sure that we can -- all these are tied to continuing the growth profile for this segment. So I think about this investments going forward, we will continue to invest appropriately, but this will be one of the businesses with lower margin expectation -- expansion expectations versus the other three.
Stephen Williamson: I guess, when I think about Q3 and Q4 step up investments we did, that was approximately just over $30 million of more investments. I think about the whole year next year where its 60 basis points of expansion and that includes the right level of strategic investments across all of the businesses. So it's hard to study separately. There's 30 -- about $30 million step up was [indiscernible] kind of the end of the year additional spending in investment level. Now are kind of more of a -- more normal run rate tied to the [indiscernible] organic growth. So I don’t give specific numbers on the strategic investments in each of the businesses or in total, but it's going to be an appropriate level of spending given the top line growth that we’re expecting for the year.
