Marc Casper: Tycho, thanks for the question. Yes, I'm much more optimistic than the way you frame the question, right? So if I think about our PCR installed base and the assumptions, we have really strong line of sight to the first quarter, reasonable line of sight to the second quarter. And after that, our customers just don't know, right? So we made an assumption base that we're going to see incredibly strong demand in the first quarter. And that is going to drop off somewhat in Q2. And then we made a much more conservative assumption. But the way the pandemic has played out, there are many scenarios where I see testing demand being very robust for a long period of time. The truth is, this pandemic is going to be around in some form around the world, and doctors are going to want to know whether or not a patient or a person has COVID, right? So I think you'll see as the year plays out, there's scenarios well above the testing assumption. Amplitude demand has been extraordinarily robust. Our installed base is growing, and that's been a nice adder to the growth that we saw in Q4 and the strong momentum we expect. Mesa is very exciting, right? When you think about what we've learned throughout the pandemic is that PCR testing is truly the gold standard. And the accuracy that you get is super relevant and Mesa's technology gets you a result in 30 minutes with PCR capability, and it gives you that confidence in the accuracy. And the way we think about it is there are a number of applications that are very relevant to have that rapid thing. Pharmacies would be an obvious example. The sports leagues have been using this technology. So those will be examples of where it is, and that obviously will be additive to our capabilities. It's not assumed in our guidance at this point. So thank you, Tycho.
Marc Casper: So Derik, I've been around the -- I've been around this one a while. I've never been at the next year's guidance on the opening one, but it's a great question and it's one that is a very fair one as well. So the way I think about it is the following: First, think about the way we've managed the company throughout 2020, right, which was drive very substantial growth in our financial performance, earnings cash flow while dramatically accelerating the reinvestment rate in the business, right? New opportunities were opened during the course of the year because of the pandemic, because of how we responded, because of the relationships we solidified and build. And we were able to put $1 billion of additional reinvestment in the business above the normal increases that we have every year. And we're stepping that up again in 2021. So what does that mean for the future? It means that the company is positioned to grow more rapidly. And that obviously will drive good earnings off of that increased kind of base business activity. And much of the investments that we made that are supporting COVID are going to be applied to other applications. So obviously, vaccines and therapies we expect will continue to be very relevant in 2022. But at some point, they'll be less relevant. And that capacity, that all converts over to non-COVID-related activities. On the molecular diagnostics side, the installed base increase in sample prep and the installed increase in QPCR creates the opportunity to build out an even larger molecular diagnostic business. We increased our installed base hugely during the course of the year. And more importantly, we satisfy customers. The reason that some of the others in this industry have relatively flat straight-through the year results for COVID is because they couldn't get manufacturing capacity up, right? We were able to do that in months. Others are talking about level-loaded demand that's because the supply has been so constrained with others. So we're excited about our prospects. And obviously, we'll see what the economy is, what the growth is, all of those things. And as it gets much closer to 2022, we'll figure it out. But I'm extremely bullish about the long-term prospects of the company.
Marc Casper: No, we would expect -- I think Stephen will add, we would expect it to start to wind back down over time. Obviously, if there are new opportunities that come up, obviously support them because we'll take the returns. But effectively, the step-up in 2020 and the further step-up in '21 really support the opportunities that materialize and the long-term acceleration of our growth.
Marc Casper: Yes. I mean there's always -- we obviously have supported a lot of development work of which some of those therapies or vaccines will be unsuccessful. So those projects conclude, but..
Marc Casper: Embedded in the number, but obviously, the demand for the successful ones increase. So that kind of run rate we're at is not going to be the exact same products throughout the year. It ebbs and flows.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the demand profile, obviously, there was very substantial disruptions both in customers' ability to order or even receive an instrument during the first part of the year, and obviously, all of the other challenges that the pandemic brought. We saw activity start to pick up at a much stronger level, particularly in material and structural analysis, which is largely our electronic microscopy business and our chrome and mass spec business. So Q4, we're strong in those regards. Chemical analysis is still soft, though the bookings did improve. So what I would expect is that you'll see continued strengthening this year, and that analytical instruments would grow above the company average. That's how I would think about it.
Marc Casper: Yes, Doug. So when I think about the base business, I feel good about the implied step-up in growth that we saw from Q4 for the full year, right, going from roughly 5% growth in the fourth quarter to 7% growth in the base business for the full year. And what's assumed in there is still there's some level of disruption based on the pandemic. Let me just visualize it. Our Specialty Diagnostics business, routine doctor business are still well down, right? So there's parts of the business where you don't see that recovery for a while. But we still feel confident in growing at a good rate. And I see scenarios that are above the 7%, right? So it's not as if that's the only scenario that plays out. So I don't know if -- I think it's an appropriate start. I don't know if it's conservative or not, but we measure ourselves at the end of the year, did we do a great job? So we're going to look at how did everybody else in the industry report, and we need to make sure that we're gaining market share. And if the 7% reflects market share gains, then we're going to be satisfied. And if there's more opportunity to go faster than that, then you're going to see us deliver it.
Marc Casper: Yes. So China, it was good to see, obviously, very disruptive first half of the year, 20%-ish organic growth in Q3 and 30% organic growth in Q4. So nice step-up, and Q4 was very strong. There was definitely some catch-up spend, right? I mean, obviously, customers getting back to work and all those things. So there was some of that in there. And that's pretty much impossible to quantify exactly what that is. But bookings were stronger than revenue growth, right? So we're excited about the growth prospects for China for this year, right? So China should be one of our fastest-growing geographies in 2021. So that would be the expectation. In terms of biologics and large molecule, we've talked about a lot on these calls over the years, the emergence of a local biotech industry for the Chinese market has become larger and larger over time. We've done a good job serving that customer base. I'm excited that we were able to localize our capacity for single-use technologies to support the local customer base and give them assurance of supply. And at the same point, we're very excited about the partnership and the joint venture reforming in Hangzhou to actually produce biologic drug substance and drug products. So we're well positioned there. And biotech is a nice driver of our growth. We also saw nice growth in other segments. Academic and government was quite strong in the quarter as well. So I hope that gives you a little bit of a flavor for what happened in China and what the strong outlook looks like.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Vijay, thanks for the question. And yes, you've heard us talk about really starting in the Q3 call and the Analyst Meeting in September about how we're thinking about the longer term, right. And -- which goes back to the guiding principle that we have through the pandemic, which is make the decisions, investments and run the company to set ourselves up for a brighter future. We created new opportunities and new opportunities were created just in the market as well because of the pandemic. And when I think about that, we're positioning the company to exit the pandemic phase as a faster-growing company than what we grew, and the exact numbers will figure out over time. But the way I think about it is our -- the percent of our business in pharma and biotech continues to increase. That's our fastest-growing end market. So that's a market-driven weighted average type growth. But our value proposition, the increased investments in our innovation, the investments we're making in emerging markets, those things will all help us drive very strong growth going forward. So I'm very bullish about the long-term prospects for accelerated share gain into the long-term.
Marc Casper: Yes. So we have had substantial capacity even when the company is more levered. And we've talked about that when we gave our 3-year models. We always have these numbers that are stagnantly large. We can deploy $30 billion wherever the numbers were historically back in '18 or '19 when we would talk about them. And when I think about where we are today, we have a lot of firepower. And you're seeing us be active right now with bolt-ons. We have a very busy pipeline, and we're going to be good stewards of capital. I mean we're going to be disciplined. We'll do the right things. We'll pass some of the things that we don't think are the right. It was good to get some return of capital already completed this year with $1.5 billion of buyback. So we don't look at the calendar and say, "In any particular year, you have to do x or y." But I would expect us to be able to deploy that capital over time and be a nice adder to the strong financials that you're seeing in the initial guidance.
Marc Casper: So Dan, thanks for the question, and the jets, not the best of years. But at least we were focused on a lot of things at Thermo Fisher. So I didn't suffer the pain too much. So when I think about vaccines and therapies, as you know, kind of our philosophy, which is articulate the numbers and the outlook on what you can see and don't create a lot of hype around things. So when we started out some months ago, we talked about $1 billion opportunity in total, right? That was contracted revenue that we saw. Obviously, as the pandemic continued, as our position continued, as we won more and more parts of the business, even what we committed to, if it all went to zero at the end of this upcoming year, it would be $1.5 billion because we did $0.5 billion last year, $1 billion this year. And based on what we see with the pandemic and what our customers are telling us, we would expect demand for COVID-19 therapies and vaccines to be very substantial in '22 and likely to have some level of revenue going into '23 and maybe even longer. So it's going to be a large contribution based on the strength of our bioproduction business and our pharma services capability. So thank you for the question. 
Marc Casper: Let me wrap here with a few things. First, as all of our analysts expressed and on behalf of all 80,000 colleagues, Ken, thank you for a job incredibly well done and wishing you the happiest of retirements. It's been awesome. From a company perspective, we delivered an exceptional year and we're even more excited about the opportunities ahead of us. We're looking forward to updating you during the course of 2021. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So when I think about the margin profile that's embedded in this guide, as I mentioned, Q1 similar to Q4 of 2020 and then the other 3 quarters are roughly the same in terms of margin profile. It's a combination of kind of lost contribution from the testing revenue drop off and then the timing of investments. So that gives you an indication.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think it's kind of a long, long-term modeling. It's really around about 3% to 3.5% of revenue is a good way to think about the profile of the company right now.
Stephen Williamson: So Vijay, let me just clarify on the free cash flow. I think that includes a very significant increase in CapEx. So if you look about cash from operations, that's 13% growth year-over-year, which I think is incredibly strong and appropriately strong. And then we're choosing to deploy a large chunk of that towards these great opportunities in terms of CapEx. So that's kind of the -- get you to the $7 billion of free cash flow and the market in terms of capacity.
