Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Jon, essentially, the end markets, the conditions are the same, the academic and government. The nuance in the quarter was we had our first full quarter of sequestration, right? So you had it slightly weaker in the U.S. That was offset by a little bit of strength in the markets outside the U.S. so we reported slight growth, but I wouldn't read much of a trend or change from what we saw in previous quarters. In terms of where you see the headwind most, as you mentioned correctly, lab products and services are going to have the largest exposure to the U.S. academic and government proportion so that's where the headwind would be the most significant.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. Since our last update, which was at the Analyst Meeting, we have -- our integration teams are really in the full action mode at this point. So I've had an opportunity to interact with several thousand of our soon-to-be new colleagues at life technologies through Town Halls, and at the same point, really get to know the integration teams and their progress. We're excited, I mean, obviously about what the potential is in the future and the feedback we get from our customers. Obviously, we're still 2 separate companies, but the feedback we're getting kind of inbound calls has been very, very, very positive. And I think there's great opportunities in the life science research area over time when you think about the workflows that have an intersection between proteomics and genomics. I actually thought that at the Analyst Meeting, the microbiologists that we had talked, give you a good example of how their work has both genomics and proteomics and literally side by side in dealing with the challenges of infection in the healthcare system so I thought that was a good example that our collaborator in the U.K. highlighted that particular venue.
Marc N. Casper: Pharma has been really strong for us. It's clear that we're continuing to gain share, which we have for a number of quarters. We've seen really good strength across the portfolio, obviously, highlighted by our clinical trials logistics business, where our value proposition is just -- is really is phenomenal in terms of the ability to have a very high quality offering that reduces our customers' costs, and we are benefiting from our BioProcess Production capabilities, which is coming from demand for vaccines and bio-therapeutics from around the world. In terms of the pattern for the quarter, no. In fact, the quarter ended fairly strong for us so we feel good about the pacing of the orders, and we thought that gave us confidence that when we thought about our guidance for the year that we have slightly raised the organic outlook on the low end as we post solid for 6 months behind us.
Marc N. Casper: So Dan, in terms of industrial, in the industrial and applied markets, we were down low single digits, which was similar to last quarter. It was actually at the low-end of our expectations in terms of the end market. We have not seen the inflection point in the core industrials. So we continue to remain cautious on the outlook. And to give you a little bit more flavor or color, on the core industrial side, we had good strength in molecular spectroscopy, which is primarily a result of strong new products that we've launched over the last 18 months or so. But in certain parts of the industrial segments, driven primarily by commodity materials, pretty weak. Examples there would be portable instruments used for scrap metal sorting would be a weak end market right now. And then on the applied side, we continue to see pockets of strength, and that's helping offset some of the weakness in core industrial.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So Tyco, for the quarter, in aggregate, the conditions were incredibly similar to Q1, right? So the performance was almost identical, but we did provide a little more color because as we look at the broad healthcare industry, there's clearly, in the U.S., some headwinds that aren't particularly significant, but there's a little bit of a headwind on utilization, and we saw that nicely offset by some strength in Europe, really, Europe is stabilizing for us and continued momentum in emerging markets. So we provided a little bit more color, but the results in terms of organic growth in that customer set was pretty much identical between Q1 and Q2.
Marc N. Casper: So the triple quad market is one of the largest, if not, the largest market in mass spectrometry. We're one of 4 participants in that market that have been in that market forever, and we're the company now with the new systems, right? So we have 2 new systems launched, and that will allow for both the replacement cycle for our current customers and a share gain opportunity for taking share from other competitors. On the Orbitrap Tribrid product, the Fusion, we're very excited. Actually, the feedback from our collaborators have been incredibly positive, and it's a little early to call how big it will be, but I would say that when I thought about the enthusiasm I have for the Q Exactive a couple of years ago and said that was going to be a whole new category of instruments, that was clearly the case and I would say my early read on the feedback is that this could be very significant in 2014. We clearly -- we're already starting to ship the product so it's not as if it's all in the future, but I think this can be a really significant growth driver 6 months out from now with some nice momentum in the short term.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so the integration team, so I'd do that one first, then we'll go to regulatory. So from an integration team perspective, in terms of getting the right products on the right e-commerce platform and then the right training, the right commercial teams for that, that stuff is all being thought through, and that will get metered out over the first year or 2. If you look at how we phased our synergies, revenue synergies typically really start to roll in, in year 2 and 3. Cost synergies start on day 1. So there's a little bit of time, and obviously, we try to shorten that window as much as we can, but we feel very confident with our ability to not only successfully integrate the business, but drive good growth out of it. In terms of the regulatory process, we are continuing to go through that process. It's going according to our expectations. We're still anticipating exactly as we have before that we're going to close early in 2014 and we don't really comment on the specific filings and the nuances of where we are with those things, but it's going according to the plans we've laid out.
Marc N. Casper: So when we looked at the quarter, our Specialty Diagnostics business, which has a significant exposure to Europe primarily because of our immuno diagnostics business, which as you mentioned, we definitely saw a stabilization there. So we -- and the question is, is it one quarter or is it the beginning of a trend? And that's hard to tell, but we're watching it closely and we were happy with the stabilization that we saw. Now in terms of what we're assuming in our outlook for the full year, we really haven't changed the geographic outlook particularly significantly. We thought about it more from an end market perspective as we look at the remainder of the year, Ross.
Marc N. Casper: So when you look at our business in China, we're using our scale to our advantage, right? We have manufacturing. We have an R&D center. We have multiple training centers. We have a business headquartered there. We're closing in quickly on 3,000 colleagues. We recruit from the best universities. We are clearly very well-positioned in the market, and that's helping us drive significant growth, having quite a number of quarters of 20%-plus growth and this being one of our stronger quarters that we've had. When I look at why, so that's sort of our strategy, but we're very well aligned with the societal needs and the 5-year plan, right, which is around environmental protection, food safety and expanding health care capabilities, particularly in the west. And while I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to get multiple hours with an entire government for 100 million people in a province to really talk about our capabilities and their challenges and what the opportunities are for alignment, gives you a sense of the importance, even though they brought up in the dialogue that, yes, the industrial economy in their own province is a little bit weaker, right, and that has an effect on their GDP growth, but nonetheless, they thought it's important enough to actually talk through what we could do and collaborate together to really meet their needs on their own priorities as well.
Marc N. Casper: I think it's always most helpful to think about what the long-term trends are for that business as opposed to the next 2 quarters. And my view is in the long-term, given the portfolio and the societal needs for our products, that's a solid mid-single-digit growth business for us, and we feel good about that in the midterm outlook. In terms of the comparison, yes, you're right, we have tougher comparisons, and I would say that we're not expecting significant changes in the organic growth in the second half of the year in Specialty Diagnostics, nothing particularly meaningful.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so I think -- let me talk through it from a couple of perspectives. Let me step back one level, which is our priority post-close is to successfully integrate Life Technologies, maximize the value for our customers and deliver on the expectations for our shareholders. So when we think about our priorities, it's going to be around organic growth, and we do see really great capabilities of leveraging the infrastructure that we have in Specialty Diagnostics to continue the theme that we've had for many, many years, which is taking life sciences tools and moving them into clinical applications and I think that when you look at the portfolio of Life Technologies and you look at next-gen sequencing and you look at QPCR, you think about our own mass spectrometry, there are a number of great technologies that can be moved into the clinic and some are already happening, and I think you'll see us continue to leverage those capabilities to drive growth over time.
Marc N. Casper: That's very well said, Doug. I have to go back to the transcript and put that on my script next time. Let's do the second half first, which is about chrome and the value proposition. We had a very strong quarter in our chromatography business. HPLC did very well, and while all of the competitors haven't reported yet, at least, from the early read, it looks like we gained share again. So that's a good thing, and I think customers respect our technology, the great people that we have and the fact that we have incredible commercial reach, all right? I mean, we just have a huge scale sort of capabilities and our customers are very collaborative, right, so the great momentum in chromatography and food safety as an example, and that's a good area to highlight. So we feel good about the momentum in HPLC. In terms of the market growth, on mass spectrometry, I mean, it's somewhere in the mid to high single digits. I think that seems like a reasonable assumption. We feel good about our performance. We're particularly excited about the new products that we launched, and feel like that positions us for continued momentum going out into the balance of this year and into 2014.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So in terms of Japan, you're right. It's not a huge market for us, but given our scale, we actually have a large organization there. It grew in line with the company a little better than the company average. I would say that we have seen some meaningful orders on the stimulus, and those should translate into revenue in the second half of the year, which is clearly a good thing.
Marc N. Casper: We've had incredibly stable business in aggregate in China for the last few years, right. So we haven't noticed particularly big patterns in the quarter. So we had a very strong quarter, well over 20% growth. I was in the quarter in -- I was in China in late May, early June, and the business was doing -- was kind of about that rate then and it obviously finished then. So we saw a nice stability in terms of the strong momentum. So we clearly read the headlines that we see about -- there is ups and downs, but at least in the end markets that we're serving in aggregate, they continue to be strong and quite stable.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. My view is that we like our prospects, and we feel like our value proposition's such that it will continue to deliver good organic growth for us going forward. So we're not assuming big changes in the end markets. We're not assuming big changes in our performance, meaning that the share gain momentum we have, we expect it to continue, right? And as obviously when we think about our guidance range, stronger end markets mean we'll raise our aspirations and weaker end markets means we'll come in more in the lower end of things so that we try to drive that same steady share gain momentum, and the variable change is just what are the market conditions.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so in terms of -- it's a very tricky question because it's always collaborative, right. There are some customers that the end user just buys it with very little business insight, and there are others that business has a heavier weighing, but people don't buy things without the end-user involved. I would say my best estimate of the customer base that is more heavily business-oriented is very much in the biopharma area. It's going to be your biggest area. So that represents 25% of our revenue and a meaningful proportion, the business community plays a significant role. And when you look at the mix, it doesn't change all that much when you combine the company in terms of the exposure.
Marc N. Casper: So when you think about the end markets in China, the LC and mass spec, clearly used very heavily in food safety, used in the academic settings for life sciences research, which are the big drivers and the other big business we obviously have there is environmental, which the minute you get off the airplane, in China, you realize that the environmental opportunity is huge, which is why the business is actually headquartered in China. Healthcare is a strong growing market for us as well. Industrial has been weak now for quite some time, as infrastructure build hasn't been particularly strong. So those businesses have felt the softening, but we've been able to power through that softening, actually deliver very consistent, strong, 20% or better organic growth now for the last couple of years.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, I mean, the answer is yes. There's going to be less exposure in aggregate lab products and services and Specialty Diagnostics, more exposure to the Analytical Technologies portion.
Marc N. Casper: We feel good about the prospects for our clinical trials logistics business. In fact, we delivered very strong growth now consistently for quite a few quarters, and feel like there's still a huge amount of in-house activity that goes on in biopharma that allows us to continue to drive significant growth. So we feel like that business is well positioned for quite some time ahead, and it's been traditionally growing somewhere between the mid and high single digits on a fairly consistent basis. So let me just make a couple of quick closing comments. First of all, I want to just note that I am pleased with our solid first half performance. We remain confident that we'll continue our momentum to achieve our goals for the year. And we, of course, look forward to updating you on our progress in the Q3 call, and finally, thank you for the continued support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, so I'll do it at the EBITDA margin expansion level rather than gross margins just because the numbers are more relevant probably to our full-year guidance of 30 to 50 basis points. In the quarter, we had, as I said, 50 basis points of FX dilution. We actually had over 200 basis points of productivity, which is consistent with what we've had in the past and even net of inflation, we were still over 100 basis points. We spent about 80 basis points on investments, which I said in my comments, is really around emerging markets, and then we got 50 basis points of benefit from acquisitions, which is really around our One Lambda acquisition, which really performed very well in the quarter. That's what nets down to the 30 basis points. For the full year, the numbers aren't dramatically different than that other than, obviously, FX. The acquisition will be only for basically 3 quarters of the year. FX is around 30 basis points for the full year and then the productivity and investments, I would assume, is about the same numbers in the full year bridge.
Peter M. Wilver: Yes, so the $10 million that we put in place this year -- or excuse me, this quarter, brings the total for the year to $85 million. So those are actions that we didn't actually shut down the factories in this quarter or do the restructuring actions there. They will actually be executed in Q3 and Q4. So that's when we'll realize the benefits. We're expecting $85 million for the full year. We've realized $45 million through the first half, so that would say we're going to get around $20 million a quarter for the rest of the year.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, certainly, we've continued to put cost actions in place and primarily because of the FX headwind. So we're trying to offset the negative impact of the FX headwinds. So at this point, we're not expecting that to deteriorate further. If our markets deteriorated further and/or FX deteriorated further, then we would potentially put more actions in place, but at this point, we don't have any plans to do that.
Peter M. Wilver: So it's very similar to this quarter to what it's been in previous quarters. The split in pricing between consumables and equipment, it's stronger on consumables and relatively weak on equipment, somewhere between 0% and 0.5% net for the total company. Specifically, in diagnostics, it's probably around that same range. I mean, obviously, that's the consumables business for the most part so we do get some price in that business.
