Carol A. Cox: Thank you, Jonathan. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We issued our press release today a little after 1 p.m. Pacific Time. It posted it on our website at lifetechnologies.com, and we'll be filing it on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We've also posted a deck of slides to accompany the webcast today, which may be found on the Events and Presentations section of our Investor Relations website, along with our other additional earnings materials. Joining me on today's call are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Hoffmeister, our Chief Financial Officer. Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call to answer any questions. If you've not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website, at lifetechnologies.com. I would like to remind our listeners today that our discussion will include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, are detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the GAAP -- excuse me, the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. And with that, I will hand the call over to Greg.
Carol A. Cox: Great. Thanks, David. And, Jonathan, we'll open up the call now to questions and answers. [Operator Instructions]
Carol A. Cox: All right. Great. Well, thank you, everyone. If you want to provide the replay information, that will be fine. And we're happy to take calls here at the office afterwards.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. Thanks, Jon, for the question. We're very positive of the Ion Torrent franchise. You've seen, just in the last 90 days, pardon the pun, a torrent of new product launches with the PI chip, the announcement of the PIII chip, entirely new sample preparation instruments, as well as chemistries, and an increasing uptake of the AmpliSeq panels being used in translational research. So we're very pleased with how this franchise just continues to grow, and it's tracking the original deal model when we acquired Ion Torrent about 2 years ago. So as we look to 2013, we see another, just phenomenal year of growth of this franchise and because of these new product launches, because of a build out of more focused sales teams now to call on laboratories that are doing translational research, we think that we'll have, again, another just banner year of sales growth. Maybe turning our attention then to your second question of emerging markets. I think you can see our strategy playing out is that as we see this research reagents and instruments industry mature and consolidate, our goal is to vertically integrate ever more forward into our distributors in countries where we're seeing really strong growth. Every time that we do that, we can have more direct conversations with scientists. We broaden the available products we sell, and we just have faster growth, and so we're staying the course. We like our strategy. We're investing where the growth is, and we think that ultimately this industry centers around just a couple of big players, and we're certainly going to be one of them.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So let's look at that question maybe by geographical split. So in Europe, you have seen the industry, just due to the external market demand ease down to that lower single digits, and we think, at least in the next year, that's about where it's going to remain. If we go over to Asia and the emerging markets like Middle East and South America, we're seeing much more robust growth for those consumables, and so we think actually that continues to grow at a nice pace in 2013. So the real question mark then of your question is the United States and what happens. And clearly we've seen this moderation of demand in 2012 due to all the uncertainties coming out of Washington, D.C. Look, our hope is that this thing settles out here between now and hopefully the beginning of the year and that we enter into 2013 in the United States with more reasonable, consistent demand going forward. Certainly, that's what all the universities, research institutes want. And at least we're hopeful that smart minds and mature minds prevail in Washington to bring about some certainty here in government funding. So we'll have to see, but our hope here is that the United States returns to a little bit better growth, in which case I think you'll see us move up from that 1% growth that we've experienced this year.
Gregory T. Lucier: We're well aware of that litigation. We're -- think it's baseless, and we'll defend our position vigorously.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, I don't have any more insights than what I said. I think what you've heard from the corporation then is that we're really clear eyed about what's happening here around us once the election gets settled and the work gets underway to avoid the fiscal cliff. And based on all that mix, we're still improving the bottom end of our guidance. And as David answered, we're expecting actually a better organic growth in the fourth quarter because of some factors that are unique to us. So all of that gamish [ph] together produces the earnings per share that we're forecasting right now.
Gregory T. Lucier: And then the final part of your question was what the average selling price was, and it was roughly $200,000.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. So there was really no revenue at all from any of those acquisitions in the quarter and de minimis revenue even in the fourth quarter from these deals. If anything, we're absorbing the additional cost structure to be investing into this oncology franchise that we're building out.
Gregory T. Lucier: On the first one, the pharmaceutical/biotech field is mixed. It's a bit better than the academic environment, but I think when you answer the question you've got to go more account by account and understand the dynamics at each one. So it's a stable demand, it's better than academia. And in that customer subsegment, the biotech is even better than the big pharma. On Sandy, I would just say it's probably too soon to tell in terms of what impact it'll have at all on the quarter.
Gregory T. Lucier: We do still expect the orders in Q4, and we did close some deals in the third quarter. But we expect approximately the deals that we are anticipating in the fourth quarter remain essentially the same.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. So I'll take the first part. Mark will take the Ion Chef. In terms of our installation schedule, as Mark had said earlier, we have a very methodical schedule between now and the end of the quarter to get all of our installs up and running. We have followed, in the first couple of weeks, a very, I think, focused strategy on a few customers to start, and you'll actually be seeing some of their results at the ASHG conference next week, where they're getting record output of the Proton device. So we're extremely pleased with how it has been installed, how it's scaling up and now how we're moving out in terms of faster installation across all those customers that got the instruments. Mark, I'll defer to you in terms of that and Ion Chef.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, maybe the best way to answer that question is looking forward into 2013. I mean, 2012 is basically done at this point. So as we look to 2013, we're expecting that the industry structure, which allows a couple points of price to continue to be the norm, and we'll be announcing price changes in the first quarter of next year accordingly.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, I think we're still -- we have no reason to go away from our original assumption in terms of what the PGM usage has been. We're currently somewhere around $50,000 per year per PGM. What our original assumption was that as more and more applications are developed, that would ramp up to around $80,000. And $80,000, basically, is 3 runs per week with a $500 chip.
David F. Hoffmeister: Let me take that one, Tycho. This is David. There are a couple of things in there. Certainly Proton and PGM are both important factors. They continue to accelerate. And absent some significant change in the macroeconomic environment, we think that growth will continue. Second, BioProduction was down in the third quarter. We think that will come back to growth in the fourth quarter. And then finally, we have some new products that we're introducing in Research Consumables, and we think there'll be a step up there. And then finally, as we talked about in the third quarter, there are a number of large deals in Forensics that we expect will close in the fourth quarter. So it's basically those 4 things.
David F. Hoffmeister: No, for the fourth quarter, we expect our royalties, qPCR royalties, to be at down around $10 million.
David F. Hoffmeister: No, that's absolutely right. I mean, Ion sales were strong. Forensics was strong, offset by lower SOLiD sales. But if you look at the previous quarters, Q2 was 2%. Q3 was 4%, and we grew again around 4% this quarter.
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, let me comment on how many were recognized in terms of revenue, and then Mark can comment on the pipeline and what we see for Q4. Basically all of them were recognized, when shipped. We went through the same process that we went through on SOLiD and the PGM to establish installation as being basically perfunctory, and so we recognize revenue upon shipment.
David F. Hoffmeister: I'm not sure -- that's probably a question better handled offline. Not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to get at, but it's probably too much detail to take everyone else through.
David F. Hoffmeister: No, there's no change -- there is no difference in the way FX would impact our expenses this quarter than have been in the previous quarters.
Mark P. Stevenson: And we did go into the fourth quarter here -- this is Mark, Tycho, with a backlog of instruments that we'll ship. And we're now installing those instruments and getting them up and going and working through that backlog. It was a large bolus of shipments we obviously shipped to the end of the quarter, and now our service and support team is preparing for labs and getting ready. And some of these early customers who had their instrument installed will be presenting data next week at the American Society of Human Genetics.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes. So with regard to the distribution of customers, it really was a mixture of customers. I would say the majority went into smaller sort of academic labs getting up and going. There was a relative proportion went into the clinical labs. It's roughly about the same breakdown as we've had in PGM. So I would say about 20% to 30% of that is going into our clinical segment, and the rest into research at this point. We are very well set up in terms of the demand in terms of building the instrument. We are, as I mentioned, working through the backlog. It's just a large number of labs that now we've shipped to that we need to just work through that backlog to get customers set up in their labs and set up and running. And we're working through that as we go through this quarter.
Mark P. Stevenson: No, we're certainly seeing competitive in all of the sales. Everyone's comparing ourselves and the competitor, and we're coming out well in terms of what we know we're strong on, which is the speed of the turnaround of the assay. The [indiscernible] scalability to scale up and get an exome done there in Proton in a couple of hours. And then just the price for data point. A lot of these labs just don't have the cost of the infrastructure to invest in bigger capital instruments. And so the price point that we have in the Proton just opens up this market to be democratized.
Mark P. Stevenson: We're not seeing the launch of Proton have any impact on the consumption of PGM. In fact, what we're generally seeing is an increased uptick in the consumables, particularly as we worked through -- we're now introducing the improved sample prep, the OneTouch. We've improved the informatics Ion Torrent reporter. So those are really the main drivers of then increased chip and consumable usage. So we're seeing a good demand and then we've added on to that the new AmpliSeq chemistry. And so that's seen a considerable uptake for us in just demand for customers running panels on their PGM. So we see a good uptake on that, and that's really a separate market to what people will run in their protons, which will be exomes.
Mark P. Stevenson: So in terms of the OneTouch 2 specifically we had very good feedback on that. We've made a number of improvements on the system as we launched the OneTouch 2, which is the sample prep for the Proton, and we've also made available upgrades for the OneTouch existing system for our PGM customers. So good improvement on that, and then the Ion Chef, which we unveiled on our road map, will be available in the mid-half of next year. And really that allows us to automate, as customers get to even higher throughput or want to automate further that sample prep load and completely walk away from those 2 chips. That allows them that flexibility in automation.
Mark P. Stevenson: It's Mark. I'll tell you the first part on the Genetic Analysis. I mean, really, as we look forward slightly different to the research consumables where it's more into the macros. The real driver of growth will be in the Ion Proton, and the rest of the GA portfolio, you'll see, we think, continued stability in our qPCR franchise, which we're the leader in and continue to innovate in that in products that you've seen in ASHG, and you'll continue to see innovation with us next week at ASHG. And then we continue to see, in the research side, modest decline in the CE part, offset by the continued use of CE in validation of clinical samples. With regard to the submission for the Ion Torrent PGM, what we've decided to do is to continue to work and lock down the protocol and the reagents. We really made so much improvement in the read-length and the sample prep. We focused on locking that down to make sure that the system we submit really has a best read-length and accuracy. And we're about to lock that down soon and then we'll prepare and submit our 510(k). It's unknown towards the exact time it will take. And just from previous experiences of the 510(k) process, that could be anywhere from 6 months to 12.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, for the PGM Dx, specifically, we'll lock it down for clinical use. So that's typically what we would do, and then any further updates would improve them. So it will be a system that's validated, and that's also will reduce the number of updates and that's what our clinical customers who are currently either running in a CLIA lab or running outside the U.S. in a regulated environment, that's what we'll do for those customers.
Mark P. Stevenson: We've heavily invested in 2 aspects I would say. One we've essentially put the server for the genome center in the box. So when you get a Proton, you've actually got all the IT system and the reader board and everything is on the latest electronics. So that's a major change, and then the second investment is to make it easy in the interpretation through the Ion suite and the Ion Reporter. We have a large set of informatics tools that help people take, say, for example, the cancer panel that we've done all the way through to read that out to do their clinical research. So that's a big investment that we've made to make it simple. The third part we're doing is enabling the Ion community. So third party plug-in softwares can enable. That maybe include plug-in softwares now like the Compendia that Greg mentioned earlier, but also other third-party tools plug into that.
