Marc N. Casper: Jon, yes, in terms of the U.S. FTC, as we said back in April, we expected the transaction to close early in the year, and we're still right on track with that. So we're just finalizing the documentation process but we're not expecting any additional divestitures or anything of that sort.
Marc N. Casper: So -- thanks, Jon. So we've had the benefit of a 9-month integration planning process, where the 2 teams have worked incredibly collaboratively to set out a great integration plan, as well as getting even more familiar with the business. Obviously, we know it quite well. And we're very excited about the prospects. And as I've said on a couple of the recent investment bank conferences, basically, Life Technologies hasn't been doing investor relations strategy for the year. They've been intensely focused on their customers. So you haven't seen a lot of communications, but you have seen a lot of great progress in their base operating business in terms of the things they're doing. So we're really excited about the prospects of the business and we're looking forward to closing, and welcoming our 10,000 new colleagues to Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Marc N. Casper: Sure, so in terms of just budget release and those types of things, the last couple of years, it's always a question we get asked in the fourth quarter, which is, "Do you see a budget flush?" And in those previous 2 years, we didn't see any. Clearly, this year, we saw a release of some funds on projects that had really been delayed, some of which were even considered in 2012. And that cut across a number of customers. So we saw it in Europe, we saw it in big pharma, and we saw it in some of our industrial customers. So it clearly was year-end money. I'm really proud of how nimble the team was, though, in going out and capturing it, right? It's one thing to have funding and another thing to actually convert it into great organic growth. I think the team did a really strong job in that. In terms of the end markets or the positive surprises, I don't think we were surprised as much. I mean, it was nice to see the funds released. I'm very pleased with how we performed in the pharma and biotech market. Our team delivered in excess of 10% organic growth in the quarter, and that's just great execution. So it's not a surprise but it's nice to see it in the bank.
Marc N. Casper: So obviously, our academic and government customers over the last few years have faced both weak budgets and uncertainty. And I think the budget process that's going on now, with some 2-year visibility and some modest increases, NIH is clearly an improved environment. So as we look at that and just the lag between the budget and when funds are released, we should see an improvement in the second half of this year in terms of our academic and government growth. And from a Life Technologies perspective, obviously they have a little bit more exposure to academic and government, so it's good news, right? I mean, it's -- it should be a good opportunity for them. And as you look at their performance, as Pete said, they delivered 2% organic growth in 2013, and we're expecting 2% to 3% organic growth or we're assuming 2% to 3% organic growth for 2014. So I think the funding environment should help us on both fronts.
Marc N. Casper: I think it's hard to tell because it was so widespread. But my take is, is that there was more confidence and economic stability. And I think you've heard me say this in the past, which is in Europe, in particular, every month that something bad doesn't happen in the economy, gives more confidence and more ability for spending to happen. And clearly, we saw the government release some money, as well as some of our larger industrial and pharma customers in Europe released some money as well.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So Tycho, let me -- I think I got all of them but if I miss something, just ask and I'll try to give some answer. So on HLA, we had strong organic growth performance all year. The team executed well. One Lambda acquisition's been fabulous, the team's done a great job. So we feel good about it and obviously, we have sequencing technologies for HLA with Life Technologies. So we're obviously playing that -- in that market segment as well. In terms of pharma, no, we didn't have any big contract wins. This is all about share of wallet execution and leveraging our value proposition. I mean, effectively, every big pharma is a customer and what we do is just drive incremental value for those customers across by using our portfolios. So we're driving their productivity, improving their innovation and that's allowed us to grow at great rates. In terms of chrome, chrome is less of a budget flush thing than -- or we've had very good momentum in HPLC throughout the year and we finished off very strongly in HPLC. And we saw some nice momentum in the fourth quarter in ion chromatography with our performance in Europe and in China, in particular.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of cost reduction, as we say each year, we always have a set of contingencies, right? And as we saw the FX environment be extremely negative from an earnings perspective, our teams did a really good job of reducing costs, doing additional restructuring, using our PPI Business System very aggressively to deliver very strong productivity. And that allowed us, really, to deliver very strong margin expansion and earnings growth during the course of the year.
Marc N. Casper: No, actually, Tycho, on that, we've always said that the long-term growth we've assumed in the model is 3%, and then what we said is that shorter-term, as the end markets have been weaker, we hadn't actually articulated a specific number so -- for sort of the year 1 view. So the 2% to 3% is actually better than where the business has been performing, and we would expect in the midterm that 3% is a good assumption for that business.
Marc N. Casper: So Doug, obviously, we're always looking for ways to drive value for our customers. And we have done a very strong job in the biopharmaceutical customer set, and you saw that in Q4. When I think about the healthcare and diagnostics arena, where that's most relevant is particularly in China, where we have a customer base that is expanding the network of hospitals and clinics aggressively. And they're looking for a very simple way of getting the health care system expanded, and our offering is quite compelling. So those customers, clearly, are leveraging it. And we see that a bit in the U.S. as well. Our channel helps us drive an attractive mix of products there. So yes, we do it in healthcare and diagnostics, but probably a little bit lesser extent than we do in biotech and pharma.
Marc N. Casper: Clearly, we have a very good position in Specialty Diagnostics and I think we're well-positioned to navigate the landscape that the Affordable Care Act creates. So I think over time, that is an opportunity. And we always are looking to drive value for our customers.
Marc N. Casper: We're assuming mid-teens growth in 2014 for China. So -- we've enjoyed 20% for a while and we think that mid-teens is a reasonable starting point for the assumption. Demand continues to be strong. Our position continues to get strong, but we think that's a prudent way to start the year from an outlook perspective. And then, obviously, we're seeing a little bit of improvement in the U.S. and Europe, which is the positive that keeps us with a good revenue growth outlook for the year.
Marc N. Casper: So it's a combination, and in the U.S., we saw a fairly widespread improvement across our various businesses. The second thing is, we called a number of our larger customers and just asked them what were they seeing from a dynamic perspective, and that seemed to be the feedback we were getting. So it was broad-based improvement in the second half of the quarter, as well as customers validating they saw a little bit of utilization uptick. That's our best take on what happened.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the outlook and the data that we look at, there seems to be at least some improvements in the metrics in terms of what's going on, holding aside some of the currency issues over the last couple of weeks. So there seems to be a positive outlook. But we do lag it, so it's a little bit early to call.
Marc N. Casper: So we've had, obviously, the opportunity to have a fair amount of interaction with our investors and our customers. Let me start out with the customers. Very enthusiastic about the combination and looking forward to closing so that we can bring together the unique value proposition that we have. And that has now expanded, right? It gives us a broader set of genomics capabilities, it gives us a leadership position in bioscience reagents. And our customers are looking forward to the combination. So there's a lot of enthusiasm out there. From the investor perspective, I think that the strategy is understood and I think that folks are just really waiting for the transaction to get closed out. And really, probably more than anything, was to get a sense of what was our view on the guidance in terms of accretion. And I think that coming out with $1.25 to $1.30 of first full year contribution shows that the actions that we took in terms of how we financed the transaction, the integration planning, really has put us in a good position to deliver a strong year. So I think that's -- I think these are very exciting times at the company right now. Actually, I've never been more enthusiastic in terms of what our prospects and outlook is like. And I think the team here has done a great job of navigating not the easiest of economies and putting the company in an incredibly bright, incredibly strong position going forward.
Marc N. Casper: I think the Investor Day will be the right time frame for kind of the bigger picture items around the business.
Marc N. Casper: I think our take on that one, it's not about the big contracts, it's just simply that market, end market, has probably been growing 2 points, roughly, over the last few years, somewhere in that range, 2 to 3. And we've been growing much faster. And when we look at the comparison, we think the starting point of mid-single digit growth, which would represent continued share gain, is the right place to start. And our teams will focus on driving the best possible performance. And as the year unfolds, we'll continue to calibrate on what the outlook is.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, so Ion Torrent and the genomics capabilities that Life Technologies brings to the company is very exciting. And as we think about our focus, our focus is really on having very excited, enthusiastic customers. And there's been a huge amount of work that the Life Technologies team has done during the course of 2013, and very ambitious plans in 2014 to position for great success with our customers. I think that what we've talked a little bit about over the last 6 months or so with the investor community is, this is a small proportion of our total revenue, a couple percent of the total company's revenue. So it doesn't get that same heightened focus with the investor community than maybe some other companies might have that are much smaller. But it does get very heightened focus in terms of our customer community, and we're very focused there. So we're excited about Ion Torrent. The business invests very substantially in R&D and the business has what we think will be a very bright future.
Marc N. Casper: For the full year, we're expecting conditions to be pretty much the same for our health care and diagnostics business. So we didn't spend a huge amount of time looking through the seasonality effects of a strong Q4, and does that mean that there will be a little less activity in Q1? I guess it's possible, Isaac, but it shouldn't be hugely material, one way or the other.
Marc N. Casper: That's a good question. I mean, in terms of the seasonality, I think, generally, the customers plan fairly constantly across the year in terms of their activity because it's mostly driven by people and keeping those folks actively engaged in developing new products. So I wouldn't expect a big change in seasonality during the course of the year. I do think the teams just execute incredibly well at Thermo Fisher to grow our share position in the fourth quarter, and I also think there was just a few meaningful projects that customers felt enough confidence in their pipelines to release the funds, which clearly was a nice thing to happen as well.
Marc N. Casper: I think our expectation is that we'll see some stabilization in the core industrial, and that's what's driving -- applied has been pretty constant and the fact that some funds were released late in the quarter should at least, from a comparison standpoint, tend to stabilize as the year unfolds.
Marc N. Casper: Our take, as you said, just like we don't pull things forward into one year, we don't push things out. We actually just close business when customers want to spend money. So we didn't sit there and say, "Let's stop working. Holiday time." In fact, I spoke to a few of our colleagues, I think it was on the 31st, they weren't probably enjoying it as much, but we worked right until the end of the year and we didn't push anything out into the first quarter.
Marc N. Casper: So Jeffrey, great question. So when we look at the synergies, $275 million of year 3 synergies, $25 million of earnings from revenue, which is $75 million in revenue. Our assumption is they start in the second year. So there's nothing in that first $100 million that Pete talked about. And then they start to ramp up at the beginning of the second year of ownership. We are very focused on maximizing those synergies, but it's obviously a little bit early. Right? I think it's one of those things where if you look at acquisitions that we've done previously, we've probably driven higher on a percentage basis in terms of revenue synergies. We certainly draw a lot more in the combination of Thermo Fisher, but it's a little bit early to call it out one way or another. So we'll focus on, obviously, maximizing our organic growth long-term and capturing as much synergies as possible. And as it gets a little bit deeper into the integration and we've owned the business for a while, then clearly, we'll talk more about it.
Marc N. Casper: As I first look back at the lessons learned, right? The first thing we did was ramp up our customer communication focus and actually ramped down our investor relations focus on mass spec. If you think about it, actually -- probably even doing this long enough with us. If you go back a decade ago, we used to talk a huge amount about mass spec and every single product, and every single quarter. And we said, "You know what? That creates a undue pressure internally as opposed to just have them focus on getting customers to win." And the silence allowed us to actually grow our share position with providing less information to our competitors quarter in and quarter out. And I enjoyed the days when people used to kind of say, "Wow, how could this $100 million mass spec business ever have aspirations back in 2001?" And today, we're a clear industry leader and customers literally can't wait for the Annual Scientific Conference to see what new breakthrough innovation that we'll bring out. So that methodology is a methodology we use for all of our high-tech businesses. We do it in our handhelds, and I think you can see us -- we're going to do that in some other parts of the portfolio as well. It's all about having the best scientists and creating an environment for them to be able to develop breakthrough products and help our customers win. And that's what is so core to our innovation success at Thermo Fisher.
Marc N. Casper: First of all, the 5-year plan is very aligned with what we do, right? In the 5-year plan, around environmental protection, food safety and health care expansion, we're right in the midst of it. When I was meeting with government officials late October, early November, really discussing economic outlook, very clear that the discussion amongst the government officials in China was there's going to be good growth but it's going to be slower than historical growth. But the focus on environment, food safety and health care, incredibly important, especially in the environment. I mean, it's a huge issue about sustainable economic growth, and that positions us incredibly well. I think 5 years ago or so, when we moved our environmental businesses headquarters to China, it might've seemed like a bold move but it's obviously paid off in spades in a huge way. Because we're really considered the domestic provider of those products and we manufacture products locally for the market, and we have a great competitive position. So we feel like we have good growth prospects in China going forward.
Marc N. Casper: Yes, Dan, when we look at the HPLC and that UHPLC business that we have, obviously, we're in kind of a #3 position in terms of our market share but at least, as I look at the reported results of the other 2, it appears that we're growing consistently faster than them. So it's a good position to be in. But they're good companies and tough competitors, so we just focus on helping our customers be successful and working to use all of our competitive strengths to gain share in that portion of the business. So we feel good about our outlook there.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the process, there'll be an 8-K at some point a little bit later in the quarter that actually report out their final results. So that happens to the SEC process a little bit later in the quarter. Okay so let me wrap it up with a couple of last comments. First, we're very pleased to deliver a strong finish to the year and to be in such a great position going into 2014. Our customers are really seeing the value that we've created through our technology innovation, our value proposition and our growing presence in emerging markets. And we're really excited about the new opportunities that we'll have once we complete the acquisition of Life Technologies, and welcoming our new colleagues to the company. So thanks for your support for Thermo Fisher, and we look forward to updating you during the course of the year. Thanks, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: Sure. Derik, it's Pete. So in terms of the equipment-consumables-services split, so both equipment and consumables grew low-single digits in 2013, and services grew high-single digits. Consumables was a little bit stronger than equipment and really, that flipped significantly in Q4. I mean, we had really good performance in equipment in Q4, as Marc said, as a release of the budget funds. Going forward, the performance we're expecting is almost exactly the same as in 2013. Now that's, again, on a Thermo Fisher organic basis, so it's not including Life's results, which certainly will be more heavily weighted in consumables when that happens.
Peter M. Wilver: So actually, all 3 kind of legacy segments are within 20, 30 basis points of the average for the total company. So they're all very close. And then in terms of sort of the year-over-year, it's probably a little stronger in Analytical Technologies and a little weaker in Laboratory Products and Services. Specialty Diagnostics, about the same.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, to be honest, it gets a little muddy when you start talking about the details of the P&L because Life Technologies is coming in partial year. As I said, just for standalone Thermo Fisher, we're expecting about 60 basis points of margin expansion in the year, if you add back the loss benefit of the divestitures, which is about 30 basis points and the FX incremental headwind that we're going to experience, which is about 30 basis points. Certainly, when we report our results in Q1, including Life Technologies, our gross margin is going to be up from where it has traditionally been, probably something in the 500 basis points range. Our SG&A will also be up and R&D will be up. And as I said, we're expecting around 230 to 250 basis points of margin expansion for the year.
Peter M. Wilver: So we're actually expecting a little bit of an uptick in pricing in 2014. Pricing was pretty muted all year in 2013, very little positive benefit overall net, and we're probably expecting around 50 basis points positive net in 2014.
