Eileen Pattinson: Thank you, Shanon, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Life Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Greg Lucier, our Chairman and CEO; and David Hoffmeister, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Stevenson, our Chief Operating Officer, will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you haven't received a copy of today's press release, you may obtain one from our website at lifetechnologies.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. It is our intent that these forward-looking statements be protected under the Safe Harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in today's press release or on our website. I will now hand the call over to Greg Lucier.
Eileen Pattinson: Thanks, David. We will now turn to Q&A [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Eileen Pattinson: So Doug let me just clarify. So in terms of the pricing environment, we typically get between 1% and 2%, so I think you chose the high end of that side of the range. Ion is contributing considerably to growth, and we expect that trend to continue. But mid-single-digit growth in 2012, taking into account a number of scenarios, including the tougher academic funding environment in both U.S. and Europe, and we felt it prudent to provide a range that encompass a number of different scenarios there.
Eileen Pattinson: Yes. So Nandita, we probably will provide any further break down of the guidance that we've just provided. We've provided more detail than we normally do in terms of EPS for Q3 and the revenue growth for the second half. And 2012, it's still early days for us to break down our guidance any further than what we've got.
Eileen Pattinson: This concludes our second quarter earnings conference call. If there are additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast will be available via a replay on our website for 3 weeks. Thank you again for joining us this morning.
Gregory Lucier: Well, as I said in the comments, we believe that this growth rate or reduced growth rate will continue through the end of the year. In terms of visibility beyond that Tycho, we're not sure yet, but we're thinking it's going to be in the certainly lower-single digits based on what we can see right now. Now second half of your question is, how can we grow in the face of that. I think it comes back to both our product mix, our geographies and then continue to expanding into these nonacademic markets. And so on the first one, it's clear more and more money is going towards next-generation sequencing, and we are very bullish on now with the 5500 coming finally online and the Ion Torrent ramping up considerably. So we think we have the right exposure there. You heard about my comments in terms of China. We're taking some pretty rapid and pretty bold actions in terms of becoming ever more direct across the region, emphasizing China here. And we think that will give us some growth rate and then finally our HID businesses, our Food, our Animal Health businesses give us some nonacademic exposure.
Gregory Lucier: It's a good question, Quin. Let me give you a couple of impressions we have right now. So clearly, there is this shift towards sequencing in terms of the funding. I think our response to that is that evermore, researchers are taking a genetic analysis perspective. And as Mark rightly pointed out in the last answer, when you could start selling a sequencer for $50,000 and a qPCR instrument higher anyone sells about that as well, you're now faced with trade-offs, and I think you're starting to see that take place. So more prospectively though, we actually think this plays quite well into our portfolio in that there is a continuum of [indiscernible] sequence and then you'll validate the gene function. And so we're seeing really incredible double-digit growth at our Assay business, the consumables side of our qPCR business. And so getting that right mix kind of oriented is a big body of work that Mark and his team are working on right now. So those are the impressions we have, that's how we think it will all play out for us in that the consumables side of qPCR will have really robust growth over the coming years as it is evidenced today.
Gregory Lucier: I think we're thinking right now it's essentially flat to 2011, and that's how we're planning our cost structure.
Gregory Lucier: I'll defer to Eileen to give a bit more granularity on guidance, whether we do it on this call or on in subsequent calls. But as I had said earlier, when we think about how we grow in the future, there's clearly a product mix opportunity as more funding go towards sequencing and within that trend, as Mark highlighted, we see more and more money flowing into this economical approach to desktop sequencing and that leverages Ion Torrent. We also see good opportunity that as all those sequences get done, they have to be validated, and we're the #1 consumables company in the world for that type of technology with our qPCR Consumables business, so that should be good. And we also then see a continued growth across these emerging market regions. Look, China has been a very strong performer for us. We had a momentary 90-day blip here, it will be another great performance for us,, starting back up again in Q3. So China, Latin America, India, those places will also give us good incremental growth. So that's our general thinking right now and then underlying all of that, we just got to make sure that the organization is evermore lean and efficient, and as we highlighted we're taking actions to do that as well. So that's how we're thinking about the business. The company is strong, generates enormous free cash flow. It's very profitable, and we'll get through these kind of periods of time.
Gregory Lucier: Look, there's no change in the research CE business outlook from what we've given before. In fact, in the quarter, the consumables part of that franchise was very, very good for us. So a lot of confirmatory testing going on, on the CE instrument. More and more people are realizing that it has to be, and is the gold standard for validating the sequences that were just done on the next-generation machines. So in the research side, again, I don't think we see a lot of growth going in terms of new instruments, but we see good growth on the consumables and virtually all of the growth in CE instruments is into molecular diagnostics, into forensics, into animal herd testing, all these different applied markets.
Gregory Lucier: Well, in terms first of the confidence in the future, I wanted to convey that as a public company, you report every 90 days, and I think there is a tendency to trend line a 90-day result forever. And so I'd ask investors to step back for a moment and that choices were made in China as an example of our distribution strategy, had a 90-day impact and that will be back to mid-teens to higher growth. That would have really demonstrably change our growth rate and financial bottom line results in the quarter. The point simply is, I think it's really critical that we take steady hands through these periods, and so that's why it gives some confidence that we see look, this is going to be a mid-single-digit grower as it certainly was in 2010 and all the years before. And so we think we'll get back to that year by the end of the year going into 2012. So that's my kind of general qualitative comments around the confidence of the future. In terms of the buyback, we get a lot of those questions, Ross, and we have been, I think, historically a good provider of buybacks of returning cash to shareholders. And we will continue to do so in the future. At the same time, I want to make sure that we keep full financial flexibility as we move through the next couple of quarters. And the reason is that I just want to see how the economy unfolds, as I think my goal is to be a good steward of this company over the long term. And so before we go spend what some investors would like as a much bigger buyback, I think it's important that we hold on to more of our cash resources, and just make sure that we're understanding everything going on around us in the world. So that's the long and short of it. We may have bigger buybacks in the future, but right now, it's $200 million more which is not an insignificant amount of money.
Gregory Lucier: Yes, I think it's not so much a case of waste is that there's just opportunities for us to continually fine-tune and improve the way that we operate the business. And I think that as I've said before, we have opportunities on multiple levels. We are continuing to consolidate our manufacturing footprint. I think we have 6 plant consolidations underway currently this year or announced. And we're accelerating our productivity improvements in the plant, as well as looking at our manufacturing and operations overhead. So I think you'll see definite improvements on, and we can drive additional improvements, on the cost of goods line. I think on the slower growth environment, we'll certainly take a look at our R&D spending as a percentage of sales. Particularly as we've now completed the introduction of the 5500, there's opportunities for us to reallocate and reduce our R&D spending. And then finally on SG&A, we're taking -- we're continuing to look at opportunities there, which we've captured significant opportunities since the merger and as I've said to people before, I think we've got the 2 companies put together but we, by no means, fully optimized at this point. And so we're looking at things like continuing back-office consolidations, improving the way we go-to-market and refining the amount of money that we spend on promotions and how we do that. And so, of the $10 million to $20 million that I think that we can get out of the business in the second half of the year, I think those are the 3 lines that I would look at.
Gregory Lucier: Well, as you know, the Bioproduction business had another good quarter and building off a fantastic year last year. So we're in a good place there with that business. That was about a 13% organic growth rate in the quarter. We also see continued good mid-single-digit growth in the cell analysis of the portfolio, dyes, antibodies, things of that nature, so that's going okay. And then there are other areas that I think are under more pressure just due to funding issues that are experiencing kind of lower mid-single digit growth. So overall, good franchise. In fact, we probably want to orient more of our business into Cell Systems, in terms of organic growth and product development. So that's the color commentary.
Gregory Lucier: Yes. So we think in the third quarter maybe just kind of make it the second half. The business will be in the mid-teens growth again and then moving into 2012, it will actually go higher than that like it had been in 2010 and prior to that. So you almost could draw a line that the business declined a bit in the first quarter, declined a little bit more than in the second quarter, and now we've actually already started see it return back to the second half of June now on to July and August. So again I would just say to investors, being a public company when you report every 90 days, you got to deal with these interim results like this. But I don't make a trend line out of this one. This is a conscious decision we made to change distribution strategy. Obviously, there would be some disruption that's more than we thought, but it's now coming back online and we're absolutely certain we made the right decisions to build a larger scientific sales force across that country. So again I think we'll be back on track here right now in this quarter.
Gregory Lucier: Mark and I can fric and frac on that, but clearly, they are being guarded. As somebody earlier said on the question, the stimulus is receding. It is very uncertain coming out of Washington any decisions and so people are being very guarded. At the same time, there is this underlying trend that there is more grants going to genetic research. And I would say that the Ion Torrent technology, which is incredibly economical versus these very hard expensive machines that we've seen in the first next-generation cycle are going to be tougher to purchase for these people, and so the Ion Torrent is really receptive to the moment, to the times.
Gregory Lucier: Yes, I think it's in the 20s percent, and we've certainly -- we did last year in 2010 and as we've gone through the first half of the year that changed our strategy. We haven't achieved that, but as I guided in the second half, we'll get closer to that again and in 2012, I think we'll be fully back online at the type of growth rate.
Mark Stevenson: Tycho, this is Mark Stevenson. So we still see a place for the 5500 in the market and it's seen some adoption in terms of accuracy and its flexibility. But as you've actually pointed out, there's an increasing part of the market now that's growing very rapidly in these desktop-type systems where people really value this fast turnaround time. So as far as sort of further growth of the market, we really see it as decentralized part of the market, more and more labs that we visit who today might be buying some of our qPCR instruments, now growing quickly with the Ion Torrent.
Mark Stevenson: Yes. So firstly, on the Ion Torrent and consumables, really most of the revenue at the moment is still coming from the instruments themselves as people just thought to install, get them up and running the instruments. As we go forward and you would have seen in the [indiscernible] I mean you can go through thousands of chips to run a genome, and as we launch now the 316 [ph] chip, more applications come into that looking at doing whole genomes, expression and going into now the 318 chip that we'll launch in the fourth quarter. So we'll see more consumable usage going on and that will drive some of the growth and also saw improvement in margins. With regard to the 5500, we've certainly seen this adoption of the desktop sequencer and the performance improvement as caused for you to look again at Ion Torrent, and we'll certainly see some of the chips in the market as people look for different applications of a next-generation sequencing. And so some of our users have decided to go in that direction. The vast majority of our existing SOLiD users have actually decided to upgrade their systems. So we're giving customers that choice and as we continue to rollout the 5500s, we've seen good uptake. I'd say the vast majority of upgrades is into the 5500. Some decided they wanted to do other projects, [ph] come to us with Ion Torrent.
Mark Stevenson: I would just add. It remains obviously a competitive granting process, and we see around the world that people want to get in published papers and just doing that work in thousands of labs around the world, you have now tools you and you can do a lot of genetic discovery with Ion sequencing and World Trade [ph] papers. So I think that's the trend that we're seeing that then draws funding into it and can create labs and getting money.
Mark Stevenson: Yes, I mean we're really able to leverage the past semiconductors here. So as we come in with higher-performing chips, we were able to leverage the volume we get. The ASP follows the sort of pricing we're doing and just allow you to do more price per for the customer. As we look to further increase applications around that, you'll see some different ASPs on some of the future kits around this, but certainly we've seen good updates as the really 10x improvement that we're giving every 6 months to customers at the same price points. So the 316 giving customers a spec of 100 mega basis, they're actually getting more of that in their hands, and at the same price point that they were as of the 314 chips. So it's very well-received by our customers, and I think it will drive volume up with more applications.
David Hoffmeister: Yes, Tycho, this is David, I'll take that. Right now, we're looking at savings in the range of $10 million to $20 million in the second half of the year. And so on an annual base run rate, that would be $40 million to $50 million.
David Hoffmeister: I think, Ross, the only thing that I would add maybe a little more specificity around Greg's comments on growth. One of the things we try to do was provide some of the details on some of the headwinds that we faced in the quarter. Our growth for the quarter was 3%. And there are -- other than the funding, the 2 main issues were the upgrades and the China situation. The upgrades accounted for 0.5 point of growth and China, we estimate was 2 points. So if you assume, give us the benefit of the doubt that we'll correct those situations, that adds 2.5 points to our 3, and so you're at 5.5 points of those growth at that point in time. And that's where we're saying even with the tough or no improvement in the funding environment going forward, we're looking at mid-single-digit growth. I think the other thing I'd say is we're looking at our cost base. And if we face slower growth, we'll take a look at our investments and our costs and adjust them accordingly, so that we can continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth.
David Hoffmeister: Well, as said earlier, our current guidance, our current outlook assumes essentially a flat funding environment. So in terms of what a downside case would be, I don't think we have that modeled in per se, and we'll have to see how this all plays out. In terms of Europe, we don't see any improvement happening there either. But we've resized the business there accordingly, as we indicated that the second quarter of last year, and it's kind of playing in line with what we had predicted at the second quarter in 2010. So I think the bottom line is just to reiterate, we see U.S. and Europe being about the same as it is in the second quarter. Our longer-term forecast is a flattish academic sector, but within that sector, we're seeing shift to this genetic research and given dollars are pressured, it's benefiting these kind of desktop sequencers that are very simple and low cost to use. So that's a little bit of what we can predict so far.
