Marc Casper: Yes. So Jack, I guess the first thing is business performing extraordinarily well, right? We have broad-based strength. As I look at the companies that have reported, we’ve done very well from a top line perspective. So I feel good about how we’re performing. Bookings performance was very good. So if I think about what are we seeing in our business, we’re seeing very strong strength, right? In terms of the macro, obviously, when you read the papers or wherever information source, lots and lots of challenges in the world. And in the last quarter, we articulated some of them and how we factored some of that into the thinking for our outlook. And so what do we think about sensitivity? This company is incredibly well positioned to navigate whatever the world throws at us, right? And the industry in and of itself is attractive as well as sensitive economically than many. We are very well positioned within it, and we have tremendous momentum. When I think about – if we see a downturn, and we’re not seeing the signs of one, but it doesn’t mean that there won’t be one. We have the benefit of a track record of dynamic of navigating dynamic times and exiting those periods really an incredibly strong industry leader. We benefit from an experienced management team, an incredible team around the world, a proven growth strategy in a PPI business system, which gives us great operational discipline. As you know, we’ve taken a number of actions over the last few years to strengthen our position in the end markets we serve. And today, relative to the recession and the great financial crisis, we have less industrial exposure. As a reminder, about 30% of our revenue going into the last recession was industrial. Today, it’s about 13%. And Pharma and Biotech is much larger, and that has been the least economically sensitive of the end markets, and that represents just under 60% of our revenue. And when I think about our mix, we’re more service and consumables oriented than we were then. Then, it was 65% of our revenue. Today, it’s 82% of our revenue. So the company is performing well. Our end markets are good, and we will manage through whatever the world throws at us. And you see that in the results, right? You see that in the – FX got meaningfully more challenging for all global companies, and we’re able to power through that and deliver an increase in our guidance.
Marc Casper: Yes. So from a capital deployment perspective, I really wanted to do the deeper dive on the progress of PPD, and we did a large acquisition in December, right? And the first thing we have to demonstrate is that we’re great owners and operators of the businesses that are part of the family, and that’s always our number one priority, and that business has performed great. And we have an active pipeline. And when I think about how valuations have come in many sectors that creates opportunities, right? So we’re actively engaged as we always are and we’re well positioned to capitalize on the M&A opportunities that will be out there in the landscape. So thank you, Jack.
Marc Casper: Patrick, good morning, thanks for the questions. So, when I think about bioprocessing, I always like to frame it in the context of how we serve former biotech, right? The market will level up, it’s very attractive. We have a leading presence, and we’re really well positioned to serve those customer base. And you’ve seen us deliver really strong growth. When I think about production, right, or bioproduction, as a reminder, we have two major activities that we have within our company. We have our bioproduction business, which is the leading presence in cell culture media, single-use technologies and a rapidly growing purification resins business as well as our pharma services business, which is both drug substance and drug product for biologics. And you see us play with the monoclonal antibodies, viral vectors, cell therapy, plasmid, sterile fill, finish all part of that. So it’s a large portion of our total presence in serving pharma biotech. Outstanding quarter, right, when I look at – and that was both across the services business and bioproduction. When I look at how others have done and reported, I feel very, very good about our performance. And the outlook here is really positive. When I think about your question on the COVID vaccine therapies, our outlook for the year is $1.5 billion. That’s the same as it was in Q1. We did just over $400 million of revenue in Q2, which was right in line with our expectations. It brings us to a little bit over $900 million at the halfway point of the year. So we feel good about our role in supporting our customers’ activities in vaccines and therapies. That’s part of our core revenue growth. So over time, when there is less demand for those capabilities, we will transition that well to other applications, which we do all the time.
Marc Casper: I’ll start with the customer comments, and Stephen will go through his thoughts. We’re incredibly transparent with our customers and a partner to enable their success. So we’ve had very constructive discussions, and we’ve operated with transparency and has allowed us to get an appropriate level of pricing.
Marc Casper: Sure, Mike. Thanks for the question. So when I think about the 13% core growth – the 14% core growth for the first half, really strong momentum in the business and very broad-based, right? So that’s exciting. And when I look at how the industry is reporting, we’re faring very well. So I’m proud of the team’s efforts. So some of the highlights, geographically, the team is doing incredibly good job in China. So that’s one lens. End market lens, pharma biotech going incredibly quickly, right, with mid-teens growth. So that’s another of lens. And then the way you framed it, from the businesses perspective, analytical instruments is doing very well. It’s going to see the 13% growth in the segment, great performance in electron microscopy and chromatography and mass spectrometry. Our channel is performing well, pharma services. And then while it doesn’t it’s in the core. Our PPD acquisition has performed very well. We’ve obviously had the benefit of seeing a couple of industry participants report and that business is going well. And to be candid, it’s pretty much broad-based cost business. I haven’t mentioned either. It’s not the – I didn’t say something to us not doing well. The team is really humming right now.
Marc Casper: So, Mike, I guess a few thoughts on 2023, right. And obviously, I am looking forward – I am actually doing it every day, it’s not that. But when we get to January, I will be looking forward to giving you the – give you the update on sort of what we think for the year, right, so in the details. What we don’t know now, right. And it’s just nobody knows is what’s the macro environment, right. Is it – was it like the first half of this year, well, phenomenal, right, or is it different, and so we will appropriately set the context for 2023, when we get there. But I think there are a couple of things that are worth saying at this point in time to at least help you think about it. One is the core business, right. It’s going to be large, right. We are growing the business faster this year than we had outlined in the long-term model. So, I mean the jumping off point in 2023 is we are going to have a bigger business. And that’s core that drives earnings power and all of those things. We will have an appropriate growth range based on how we see the world at that point in time. We will figure that out as it gets closer. And then Stephen might – do you want to comment on FX and because I know that the movements have been enormous, and you might want to frame how to think about that for next year. But I feel great about how the core business performed.
Marc Casper: Yes. And Mike, when I think about the 7% to 9% growth, that’s the long-term sort of average we worked through. So, it can vary in a given year, as this year, obviously, is above that, it can be within and it can be different, just depends on the measure we use is, are we delivering really good performance, right. And it’s going to be in the context of what’s the environment. So, that’s going to wait until January. Thanks for the questions.
Marc Casper: Yes. So – when I think about the business in China, the team really did an excellent job I think really difficult circumstances. They basically had a month in the Shanghai region to basically get the business to really incredible performance in June. So, I am very proud of that. We had good growth in the core business, much better than we expected. And a nice chunk of the overdrive in COVID testing was in supporting the local activities. So, we did a really good job there. We don’t sell our assays there, but we do sell our instruments and in our reagents to support local demand. So, we had strong core growth and a meaningful response in China, actually larger than we typically have in China for COVID testing. The way I think about the outlook is it should be a good market in the second half of the year. I have no doubt there will be some level of COVID disruption. What that will be, when it will be, where it will be, hard to know. But just given the zero COVID policies, there will be bumps on the road. But the team knows how to navigate that, and I feel like we will get through that period effectively. And there could be some headwinds here or there, but nothing that we see at this point in time in China. It looks very strong.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Rachel, thanks for the question. Pharma market has been very strong. One of the questions because as our investors and analysts ask the question. I asked the team about are there patterns, trends, anything that is jumping out. And it’s actually been broad-based strength, right. We are seeing good growth in the various sub-segments within the customer base. So, I feel like the momentum is strong. Orders were strong. There is always company-specific challenges right. There will be companies that have bad data, bad report out or a company that’s going to a cat and whatever [ph]. And we help those companies navigate those times. We help them drive productivity and accelerate innovation, and those things. But we continue to see strong momentum in pharma and biotech. Thanks for the questions.
Marc Casper: So, Matt, thanks for the question. One of the things that’s just been phenomenal is the speed at which we have been able to get meaningful authorizations that clearly synergy work, meaning the benefits of bringing the combination together and we have had several of the larger clients that have worked historically, very closely with us, already select us to do business with them in clinical research. So, we have had meaningful wins there. We are also seeing some really interesting momentum in some of the smaller companies, well, so it’s not just the large ones. But that concept of leveraging the existing relationships and the trusted partner status is working really well. And I think it was really cool that we were able to increase our synergy outlook by $100 million back in May, really just at that point was just six months after the close. I mean it’s a big number. And the team is not stopping there. They are focused on closing business, building a very large authorizations backlog and growing the business incredibly strongly for the long-term. So, I think it’s very positive. And we have earned a lot of trust over many years, and we are going to help our customers develop their medicines and do that cost effectively and rapidly so that they can really benefit patients. So, it’s a very exciting time in terms of our clinical research momentum.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Matt, thanks for the question. So, Europe actually had a good quarter, right. And it’s so to say that with down double digits. And effectively, we had a very significant COVID-19 testing comparison. So, embedded under that, the core business grew very strongly, actually. So, the demand has been good, and we saw really good market conditions in bioproduction, the research and safety market channel will be examples business did really well in Europe. So, what I saw in Q2 was strong. There is obviously lots of challenges in Europe. When we put that sentence, it’s not a Thermo Fisher comment or an industry comment with pressures on energy prices and certainly, lots of challenges with the war in Ukraine. I think Europe will clearly be lumpy from a global economy perspective. But given our mix of business, which is very similar to the company average, we have a very large pharma biotech presence in Europe. And when you take out the COVID testing, it represents a little under 20% of our revenue. I think we will navigate that well.
Marc Casper: Again, in terms of the industrial and Applied, we obviously continue to see good momentum. We have a good position in serving semiconductor materials science. Those are – have been strong. The Applied markets funding has been fine. So, that sector continues to be good. There is obviously global macroeconomic concerns, but generally, things continue to be strong. And we do have a different mix than we were much smaller in terms of the percentage of the total is so a different mix. We have more raw material science mix than we did back in the last recession.
Marc Casper: So, Puneet, we had very strong performance in the quarter. Bookings were very strong as well. So, that gives us – that’s encouraging in the second half. We also have a very large backlog, right. So, that also gives us some visibility to the second half as well, it gives us the confidence in the very strong outlook we have for the year from a core perspective. So, the signs are very good. And we are launching some amazing technology. That makes a huge difference. Like ASMS this year, I give obviously a deeper dive than normal, really affecting the workflow across a number of key applications for mass spectrometry, fantastic in terms of the feedback and momentum in the business. The same thing is true in our electron microscopy business is very strong. So, I think we are very well positioned going forward there.
Marc Casper: Puneet, thanks for the question. So, we picked a couple of really specific examples this quarter to highlight. I picked the example of Grand Island and Geel. And those capacity expansions or demand has been so strong for so long that we need to expand our capacity just to be able to support our future growth, right. It’s just – it’s a different type of example, which is you deliver great results year-in, year-out, at some point, you expand your network to facilitate the gross strategy. Other of the expansions have a little more just adding new capabilities. They have been coming online this year and will continue to come online next year. So, it’s a mix. And it’s exciting in terms of in – we have really – we brought on new capacity in our self to finish. That was really the enabling the Moderna relationship expansion outside of COVID and that’s really a 2023 example. And we have a number of other examples like single-use technology that we will be bringing online and we will continue to bring them on. So, it’s a mix, but we feel good about the blend of investments and how they will fuel our growth strategy going forward.
Marc Casper: Let me wrap up. So, as you have heard this morning, really an excellent first half of the year. We are on track to deliver another outstanding year with great momentum and that sets us up for a very bright future. As always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Patrick, in terms of the setup on pricing, then back to kind of a normal year for us, about 0.5% to 1 percentage point of net price across the whole business. And for the first half of the year, we’ve been running kind of slightly north of double the high end of that range. And the additional pricing we put in place is really to offset higher inflation that we’re seeing largely energy costs in Europe as we think about the change in guidance. And that change in guidance is really slightly higher revenue and no impact on adjusted operating income or adjusted EPS, but a little pressure on margin, which is the reason why the overall margin came down in the guidance from the last guidance. But that’s kind of active management of the pricing to offset the additional inflation.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. I think looking at FX rates, if they stayed the same as they are now, that will be kind of an additional year-over-year headwind next year, about $600 million, about $0.40 of adjusted EPS. And I think about the mix of currencies and where currencies have changed. Obviously, that could change as we go through the year, but something to watch out for in corporate.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, Dan, thanks for the question. So, we have been very active on pricing from midway through last year. So, it’s not just a this year thing. And we are being appropriately adjusting as we have seeing the impacts of inflation change. And as Marc mentioned before, it’s kind of how do you bring our customers with us at the same time. So, we are pricing appropriately, given the economic challenges that are around and I think appropriately navigating. So, I think about that, we are going to be dynamic as we go forward. So, we will figure out what the markets look like, what the inflation looks like and adjust appropriately as we think about the second half of this year and then going into 2023. So, it’s kind of a constant work in process is the way I view it. The teams have actually done a very good job so far, and we will continue to navigate that way.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, on the gross margin, the gross margin came in exactly where I thought it would, so kind of in line with our expectations. I think that on a year-over-year basis, I think a lot of people are missing the impact of PPD. It’s just under a 400 basis point impact on margin profile. And the rest really since the change both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year related to the mix in business in terms of testing versus other core and an element of pricing to offset inflation that also puts a little bit of pressure on margins so the other piece to it.
