Marc N. Casper: Jon, thanks for the questions. So, yeah, let's start kind of with the holistic view, right, for organic growth. The key takeaways we feel very comfortable with the 4% organic growth guidance for the full year that we set off back in the beginning of February and we feel good about that today. When you think about the quarter, if you recall back to early February, we said that this would be in the range of 2% to 4% organic growth and primarily so lower in the first quarter and builds as the year goes on, primarily because of the calendar day difference, right, so we anticipated that. When we look at the performance of the quarter, really the only big change was Japan didn't approve its budget during the quarter that got approved, I think, on April 9. So that's back in place. Europe was a little weaker, but China was a little bit stronger. So there were puts and takes. But I felt like the quarter played out within the range of what we expected. Looking forward, so why do we have real good confidence in the 4% organic growth? Straightforward, bookings were very good in the quarter, so that was favorable to revenue. We saw a lot of activity and a lot of interest very late in the quarter as well. So the funnels look good. When I look at the products that we've launched and the product pipeline that we have coming up for the balance of the year, it looks outstanding. So we have a lot of growth driven from that. The early funnels on revenue synergies built nicely in the quarter and that puts us in a position to drive revenue synergies. So when I look at the full year, we're in a good spot to deliver the 4% organic growth. In terms of foreign exchange, one of the key messages on the last call, Jon, was what would happen if foreign exchange rates change back as of February 1. And we said that if rates got better, we would let that flow to the bottom line. If rates got worse, we would try to take actions to offset as much as we possibly could. Rates clearly got worse in the quarter, as Pete highlighted in his remarks. Just focusing on the EPS side of the equation, there was a $0.09 incremental headwind. And our teams really were very focused on putting additional actions that give us confidence that we can offset those headwinds and deliver an even better outlook on EPS for the year. Part of that is some very targeted price increases in those markets where foreign exchange has been a factor and where there's not a lot of domestic competition, domestic meaning local competition in those markets. So Japan would be an example that we have some very targeted price increases. And while it's early to know exactly how it's all working out, pricing was relatively good in the first quarter.
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, Europe improved clearly as the quarter went on. Very, very slow start at the beginning of the year and improved. So that was a positive. China, as I mentioned, I was in China in March. Generally, the team from the beginning of the quarter right to where it finished felt that they were going to deliver high-single-digit growth and they did, right. So we didn't see much of, I'd say, change in activity level, meaning, it was a better quarter, but the team saw it and it was consistent throughout. And so China was a little bit better, it's a little early to call a trend there, but we didn't see China deteriorate at the end of the quarter or anything like that based on the data you're referring to. So those are the two factors. Europe got better and China was good.
Marc N. Casper: So great question. In terms of the capital deployment side of the equation, we have an active pipeline of transactions. We always do and we do currently. So we're looking at things. And as you know, we like to look at everything. But at the same point, we are very selective in what we actually do. And as long as something solidly meets our criteria of strengthening the company strategically, clearly, being understood and adding value for our customers and creating shareholder value, then we'll pursue those things. So I like what the funnel looks like, but you got to drive things through the funnel. ASI was a nice acquisition. We did two tiny little things in the channel to strengthen our commercial capabilities, and we're looking at a number of other things. So in terms of your bigger question about sort of the space, the bigger transactions, they happen, but they don't happen very frequently. And when they do, we usually will take a look, but they don't occur with a lot of frequency.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Derik, if you look at China and you saw a clear increase in, what I'd say, your run rate activity, your bioscience reagents, your lab equipment, your lab consumables, those types of businesses, were very improved, meaning, that customers have money, they're spending it, activity is good. The bigger ticket items clearly continue to be muted. And that affected clearly our Analytical Instruments business. Chrome was quite strong, but things like mass spec were clearly affected by a tighter budget and more scrutiny, if you will, by the government.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. I think when you look at the result in diagnostics, the one day difference probably is your biggest factor from...
Marc N. Casper: ...what you would think from the other things. So I actually look at the underlying fundamentals or how the business performed, it's actually pretty solid; so not much there. We got a tiny benefit from seasonal, pollen season in Japan was slightly worse, so the net of seasonal was just slightly better in aggregate.
Marc N. Casper: So what we're expecting in Japan is that you'll see growth return back to a more normalized level. And typically, we assume kind of low-single-digit growth in Japan is kind of the baseline assumption. We've actually had performance better than that in the past, but that's the baseline assumption. So, just given the timing of where the budget was, we would expect growth to start to normalize back to the traditional growth rates.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. I mean, the team is clearly working towards that objective, right. So all of our colleagues, 4,000 colleagues, that's what they're driving towards. But they don't control sort of the government environment, right. So there's – the reason we just didn't put a hard-line type commitment to it is that, it is variable what the environment is. But clearly after a few very challenging quarters, we saw some nice bright spots. And if we can line up two or three quarters like that in a row, then that clearly would be a trend. So that's what the team is focused on. It's just executing well.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So BioProduction, market-leading position in media and sera through our Gibco range of products, in a very strong position, and single-use technologies through the Thermo Scientific and ASI set of products. That will be a very fast-growing business for us. It is a double-digit type growth business for Thermo Fisher. INTERPHEX is going on right now. I know the early feedback is very positive on our range of capabilities, in terms of what we show to our customer base there.
Marc N. Casper: So, Steve, a couple of things. One is, we've been in China for 30-plus years. And one of the things that helps the company get successful is anticipating the changes in the environment to continue to be out in front of them so that you can benefit from the evolution of the economy. Our assumption is, and this is not a bold statement, is that GDP growth will be more moderate in China than what it had been in the previous five years. And because of that, there's going to be a more emphasis on jobs in China and therefore, we've made a big commitment to manufacturing in China, having a very strong R&D presence, having great talent out of the best universities so that when we're meeting with the government and talking about initiatives for growth, they're seeing the brightest Chinese people that work for Thermo Fisher actually saying why we want to push forward these environmental applications, these food safety regulations, these sequencing applications, and that puts us in a great position to compete. And as we look to the development of the next five-year plan, we feel like we'll be incredibly well positioned to capitalize on that. Our goal is always to have very strong growth in China. We've invested a lot there. And the exact details of it we always give each year in our guidance, but it should be a double-digit type growth market for us for a long period of time.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So what I would say is that clearly, the oil and gas end markets are soft. But they're very, very, very small for us, right. So there's some effect, but it doesn't hit any level of materiality to the company. So that's how I think about that. And you can just kind of lump it into the commodities material markets are soft, and oil and gas is soft, but there is nothing much to spend – dwell in there. And generally, industrial and applied should be a reasonable market for us this year.
Marc N. Casper: So Japan was the primary driver, right. So we had been growing in the low-single-digits last year. We declined in the low-single-digits. The full delta between sort of flat and the decline was driven by Japan, maybe the difference between flat and the rest was just a little bit of softness that we saw in Europe. So that would be the academic and government story, really is a Japan story.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. I mean, this industry is mostly private companies, right, in terms of the number of companies, right. So there's a huge pipeline of those. We continue to look at those closely and every once in a while you'll see us be able to get one over the goal line.
Marc N. Casper: So, Doug, interestingly enough, if you think about what happened a year ago and what happened this year, you have similar patterns. Very, very strong finish to the year and then a softer Q1. And Pete when he laid out the guidance said, Q1 will be a little bit softer than the balance of the year. And what I would say the dynamic is, if you think about what happened in both of those years, nothing really bad happened in the world. And one of those calls, you heard me say this, right. Customers keep a certain level of money on the side to manage for a disaster, right. In both 2013 and 2014, the way the world ended, things were okay. So people release funds very late in the year. That dynamic does the following, which is if you want to buy something exciting and expensive you buy it, but sometimes if you have a little extra money, you wind up buying something you absolutely know you're going to need, right. And so I'm sure that some high-tech consumables, bioscience reagents, if people had a little bit of money they bought a little bit knowing that they'd use in the first quarter. Does that have a tiny bit of an effect? Sure. But is it something worth calling out? No, is the way I would think about it.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Doug, I guess, a couple ways I would think about that. One is, Japan not a huge market for us, right, in aggregate, top five, top six market, but not a huge market, accounted for the whole academic and government about a little more than a 3% decline for the company, right, in the quarter. So it gives you a sense of how soft it was. There were two factors, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, one which we clearly understood and embedded in our guidance, which was a very challenging comparison in Japan because of the consumption tax last year, which had customers pull things forward. Not having the budget pass until after the quarter end, I don't think it was – from everything I've read from the team that we've worked with for many, many years, was not something that they anticipated nor, as far as I can tell, was really expected. So that's the difference in the performance, right. So I don't know maybe other people saw that happening and we missed it, but from my understanding, I think we planned it appropriately and that's the way it played out.
Marc N. Casper: Yes. So basically, the segment played out pretty much the same story as the company, right, 2% growth in the quarter versus 3% to 4% for the segment for the full year. We feel good about the 3% to 4% for the segment for the full year. I'll spend some time talking about that at the Analyst Meeting coming up, which I believe is May 20. So mark the date. And Ken's happy, he's smiling that I'm doing a plug for that. But, yeah, nothing has changed in terms of our outlook for Life Sciences Solutions segment.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. I think you have the combination of drug approvals, biosimilars and vaccines. That combination of those three are really driving substantial growth in that market.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So in terms of the diagnostics and healthcare, I think U.S. was generally okay in terms of utilization. You still have the pattern, which is incredibly exaggerated meaning that it's now the lowest. That set of activity is Q1 and it builds steadily as people meet their deductible limits during the course of the year. But I think that pattern is roughly normalizing. So you have low level activity, but your growth rates are somewhat similar throughout the quarters. I mean, it's basically what's going on. So nothing dramatic to note in Q1 in terms of utilization.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of – Paul, thanks for the question. In terms of the ASI, we closed in February. I had a great opportunity to meet the team there and the integration is going very smoothly. Very complementary to our existing single-use technologies, it brings some new product range as well in terms of connectors, which is an important step in the workflow and gives our customers the choice now of the second film, which for certain biologics would be very useful for them. So it gives us a more complete offering, which we very much value.
Marc N. Casper: There's a lot of competitors still out there. So for sure there's quite a competitive landscape. And we have our niches of strength, others have theirs. And so it's an area with great market growth and we have great competitive position, but there's quite a few different companies there out in the landscape.
Marc N. Casper: Paul, thanks. So let me wrap it up. We feel good about our accomplishments in Q1. We are in a great position to deliver another strong year and, of course, we look for to updating you on our progress next quarter and seeing you in New York City later in May. Thanks, everyone.
Peter M. Wilver: In terms of the three-year outlook, we're still holding to the $300 million of cost synergies and $50 million of pull-through on revenue synergies.
Peter M. Wilver: Well, we obviously we put in some euro debt last year, which helps a little bit. We're actually seeing a little bit of below the line impact from that. Part of the synergy actions that we're putting in place is trying to convert some of our suppliers to local currency to improve our natural hedging position. We don't have a ton of that. But we are out of sync in a few geographies. So we're working on that. In terms of just regular overall hedging program, we don't intend to put anything in place with regard to that.
Peter M. Wilver: No. We haven't changed our strategy on debt paydown. We're shooting to get down to about between $12 billion and $12.5 billion by the end of the year. That gets us in just below the 3 range so back in our target leverage ratio range.
