Marc Casper: Ross, thank you for the question. So I was in China in early April. I spent some time with our team, government and customers. We had a very good quarter. We had bookings that were stronger than revenue, and it was broad-based in terms of the momentum. So we really didn't see any headwinds in the Chinese end markets. So we had a good quarter in the academic and government sector. Industrial was fine. Pharma and biotech was fine, and we had smaller exposure in that market, to diagnostics and health care, but that was also okay, too. So we didn't see any challenges, and the teams got a lot of momentum and super excited for the future. I have to say, spending some time with some of the biotech customers in the market, the growth there looks like it's going to have very long -- a long cycle ahead of us, a very positive environment.
Marc Casper: Ross, the gene therapy area is one that our customers broadly are very excited about, investing significantly and have been asking us for help. We already have a reasonable exposure with our biosciences and bioproduction business in serving that customer base. And one of the things that we consistently heard was the need to have the right development partners. And we looked at the landscape and Brammer as the industry leader and the very broad set of capabilities they have in viral vectors gave us the confidence and that's the right platform to build off of.  The interesting thing is, the big opportunity in gene therapy is actually going through the whole ramping-up process, where regulatory expertise and scaling the production is new to that segment and something we have quite a bit of experience base across our pharma services business. So we're going to use our regulatory expertise. We're very excited about serving the industry with an exquisite set of capabilities. So we look forward to closing that acquisition this quarter.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Tycho, in terms of the customer mix, there's a number of customers, a few have been publicly announced by Brammer over the years and others are confidential. So that's a good mix of customers. And even within the customers, there's a good mix of programs. So you have diversification. Because not every program is going to be successful, ultimately, so it has a nice mix.  The interesting thing is because of the capacity expansion that we're excited about and the customer relationships we have, that's going to diversify that base of customers further over time. So that's very good. Yes, because there is pricing -- the pricing in the short term in this market is attractive because there's a real shortage of capacity. So there are -- many contracts have reservation fees associated with it, and that helps with the industry economics. But as the industry scales, you get the economic benefits from the scale leverage. And therefore, as capacity comes online, the economics improve further because of scale.  And then finally, in terms of our outlook. For this, margins are a little below the company average right now and where we see significant opportunity to be accretive to our margins over time.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Advanced Bioprocessing, we closed in October. That was a bolt-on acquisition within our bioproduction business on the product side. This is off to a really good start. Revenue's been good. Earnings are good. And Stephen, I'd say, I think in January, it's $0.04 to $0.05 of accretion this year. So that's really going quite well.  In terms of the -- within our own network within bioproduction -- the biologics portion, we continue to expand the network because the demand is very, very strong. The Celltrion capacity expansions that we just announced is based on the fact that we have customers that have expressed interest for utilizing that capacity as it comes on line. So we're off to a good start. And from a revenue synergy perspective, it's going well. And ultimately, we see the business, which historically was kind of a mid- to high single-digit growth business, we'll transition into that business.
Marc Casper: Yes. So the way we did the outlook for the year as a whole, Doug, is we banked the operational performance in Q1 over -- that was higher than the guidance, both on revenue and operationally. And assumed that the remaining 3 quarters were as we had guided originally back in January. So actually, haven't done the math on the -- China in my head, but we assumed mid-teens-type growth for the year. We, obviously, did over 20% in Q1. So that's going to take it to probably strong mid-teens to low high teens. I haven't done the math, but we haven't change the outlook for the next three quarters relative to our January guidance.
Marc Casper: Yes. So we have substantial capacity. The first thing is our #1 priority is to run the business we have and do a great job with it, right? And that's what we do everyday we wake up. And then we have used the same M&A criteria for the last 17, 18 years, which is, will the transaction strengthen the company strategically? Will it be valued by our customers? And ultimately, will it create shareholder value as measured by the returns on invested capital that we have, right? So when I look at the environment, we are an incredibly fragmented industry. Our pipeline is very robust. So we're very active and looking. But we only do the transactions that we feel are really going to be great transactions, right? And so it's very hard to predict which ones will go through, and we're looking across all portfolios. So I wouldn't over read that it's all biologics or bioproduction based. I think part of it is, we took advantage of the opportunity as BD was selling a noncore asset and Brammer, really, was looking for a real boost in expansion capital. So situations led to those transactions, but you'll see us look across the portfolio. And those that are good, we'll do.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of the Analytical Instruments business, all 3 of our businesses had good quarters with strong growth. Material sciences, which includes the electron microscopy and our molecular spectroscopy, had good growth in the quarter. In terms of the segments you have -- the material science segment, which includes semiconductor, batteries, advanced materials and academic research, you also have the life sciences sector, primarily structural biology. Revenue growth was good in both of those sectors. As you know, we are expecting slower growth in the second half because we have more challenging comparisons in the materials science sector -- portion of that product portfolio going forward. So we're expecting, as we originally guided, that the second half will be slower than the growth that we delivered in the first quarter.
Marc Casper: Europe, actually, in aggregate was a good. We had good growth in the quarter. And that really ran across 3 of the 4 end markets, industrial and applied, health care and diagnostics and pharma and biotech. We saw more muted conditions in Europe. So -- and geographically, probably Germany was an area where -- a little bit more muted on the release of funds, but other than that...
Marc Casper: On academic and government. So Europe, as a whole was fine, right? It was actually -- it was very solid growth, but I called it out just because academic and government in that region was a little bit softer than we had seen recently.
Marc Casper: Yes, Dan. We have been building our position methodically in the bioproduction business over time. It actually started with the acquisition of Life Technologies, where we went from being a strong player in single-use technologies to becoming a leader in cell culture media. We then have done a series of transactions to strengthen our offering, whether it was ASI, adding the controller technologies from Finesse, acquiring BD's business. So we look on the parts of our portfolio where we can build on our strengths and generate strong returns. We're very disciplined about the return profiles on M&A. So you have to think about that in terms of which opportunities make sense. And we'll continue to look at things, and if we see the right opportunities, you'll see us do more.
Marc Casper: Yes. So we were expecting a strong start to the year in industrial and applied, because, obviously, there's some visibility from how the year ended within our bookings. So we grew high single-digit growth in the quarter. And that strength, we saw it in chromatography and mass spectrometry. We saw it in chemical analysis, and we saw it in electron microscopy. And what we're assuming is that going in the second half of the year is going to be a little bit softer given the more challenging comparisons. So that's kind of the view on that market.
Marc Casper: Yes. As I was looking at the calendar, and the best day of the year is coming up. It's May 22 in New York City as my team there always smiles. So I can't wait to get in front of each of you and the investment community. And I know that Stephen will be talking about the three year model and our long-term outlook as part of that. So we'll clearly be a good topic of discussion back at that point in time.
Marc Casper: Yes, Dan. Thanks for the question. When I look at the pharma biotech end market, the market is very strong. We grew in the double digits. And when I think about the business lines, we saw strength across really the portfolio. Bioproduction, chroma mass spec, our research and safety channel and our pharma services business all had excellent quarters in terms of growth. So broad-based strength as we have been seeing for quite some time.  Geographically, it was good across the markets. I was looking at that and, we didn't see any anomalies in any of the regions, so very strong geographically. And I think part of it is that science is good, funding is good, but we're clearly gaining share. Our value proposition is truly unique in terms of how we help our customers be more innovative and productive. And we have very incredibly strong commercial reach that gives us access to those customers. And the scale of the relationship gives us unique access to each of the customers as well. So that combination has sustained very strong performance for quite some time.
Marc Casper: Yes. So five years ago, roughly, when we were thinking about the industry in China from a biotech and pharmaceutical perspective, it was a blend of generic manufacturing on the pharma side and traditional Chinese medicine. Over the last 5 years, there really has been an explosion of growth, interest and new company formation on the biotech side in addition to the small molecule and traditional Chinese medicine, and that continues to look very bright in terms of the outlook. And because many of the customers have worked outside of China, they're very familiar with our capabilities. And the companies that are setting up, they are standardizing on our technologies. It's really an exciting opportunity, and we're doing very well.
Marc Casper: Yes. In terms of Brexit, U.K. continues to be -- it's a small market, but the conditions were fine. We did a lot of preparation work really effectively last week. And obviously, that's been kicked down the can for a while. So we're prepared should that happen but it doesn't seem to be flowing in any material way, positively or negatively, towards our business in terms of market conditions.
Marc Casper: Sure. So we expect in Q2 to close the divestiture of the Anatomical Pathology business. We did clear all of the regulatory events that we need to clear, and now we're just working with the acquirer on all the closing conditions on that contract. We also expect, as Stephen said, to close the Brammer acquisition in Q2. In terms of Gatan, we are, as well as Roper Technologies, have been working with the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority to come to a reasonable resolution, and it's been challenging. We expect to get their final decision by the end of Q2. So that's where we are with Gatan.
Marc Casper: Yes. So thanks for the question. So first, in terms of Gatan, we think it's a nice fit with our electron microscopy business, and we'll see whether that gets closed or not. We did sign a new long-term supply relationship with Gatan. So if it doesn't close, it has no negative impact on the strategic outlook for the electron microscopy business. So that's a nonfactor. In terms of Specialty Diagnostics, the business is performing well and when I think about the growth in the first quarter, that includes powering through a reasonable level of flu headwind and still delivering solid mid-single-digit growth in the quarter. And we're making good progress on the product development programs that we have, and that should benefit growth in the midterm.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I look at the outlook for the market, absent a macro recession -- and if I'm looking to see the life science tools and diagnostics fundamentals, they look very strong. You're seeing excitement in pharma and biotech in terms of the science and the investments that support it. You see it in funding going to biotech, you see that looking very good. If you look at the commitments around the world to academic and governments, especially on the academic side globally, there is a big commitments to NIH in the U.S., there's a real excitement in the U.K. about kind of a post-Brexit world, a new Horizon program in Europe, and China continues to have a 5-year plan that gives the outlook there that looks robust. So if you go there, diagnostics and health care continues to have a bright outlook because, really, the only way you can control medical costs is to get accurate diagnosis, so you're spending the right money on things that actually benefit patients. So when you look at the fundamentals, super positive in our industry. And I saw when the recession came out, look at the -- what's going on in our business looks great. We don't see any recessionary factors. But at some point over the next, who knows, 5 years, you never can predict, there'll be some slowdown in economic growth. And the great thing about life science tools and diagnostics is our industry performs great in a recession. It's incredibly low exposure to the volatility that other sectors have. So we're bullish about the outlook in our industry.
Marc Casper: Yes. So we create a fantastic e-commerce and e-business experience for our customers. And we have invested substantially historically to build a leading platform that created that advantage. And that we continue to invest to maintain and build our lead, which we are investing at a lower rate than what we had historically because effectively, we have that leading platform. So yes, we continue to add new capabilities. And if you go to our Fisher site or thermofisher.com, you see how strong those experiences are. And we'll continue to invest to make sure that we maintain our own.
Marc Casper: So let me just wrap up by summarizing that we're off to a strong start. We're on track to deliver another outstanding year. And as always, thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
