Gregory T. Lucier: No worries. If we look at the first quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're very pleased with our performance relative to our expectations as we started 2012. As we go through the course of the year, there are a couple of important initiatives inside the company that we think will move the needle on the revenue. The first, obviously, is the continued release of new technology out of Ion Torrent, more specifically the Proton device. Mark Stevenson and I just got done a program review. We're very encouraged by the progress, and we think that will have a material impact on our revenue profile through the year. Second, I would point out, our strategy around becoming ever more competitive in terms of market share growth in the core research business. Our strategy around creating a value continuum of different price points of technologies is starting to pay off and we think will also have an impact on our revenue line increasingly through the year. So those are just 2 points I would share with you. There are others that make us feel good and confident that we will achieve the guidance we're sharing with our investors.
Gregory T. Lucier: Our guidance is based on a view that the purchasing profile that we see in labs will not have a dramatic slowdown in the second half of the year. We've had a number of different conversations with officials from the NIH and other individuals with important decision-making in Washington that really lead us to believe that their own behavior in terms of grants and otherwise is not to have this type of slowdown. They're very focused in obviously what the 2013 budget will be, what the decisions will be around sequestration. But their whole approach right now is business as usual for 2012, granting out important grants, and that's the assumption by which our guidance is based.
Gregory T. Lucier: That's correct. In our view, the economics around the Proton technology are incredibly compelling, whether it's in research or in clinical usage. And we think it will have a very strong uptake.
Gregory T. Lucier: On the instrumentation side, you could make a generalization that there will be increased utilization of instrumentation in the world of Life Sciences, and that makes sense as dollars become more precious. But within that generalization, I think it's important to note there are clear exceptions. An example being next-generation sequencing and more broadly, Genetic Analysis is a irreversible, undeniable growth trend and we play very squarely with our products there and certainly our investments there on instrumentation. In the world of consumables -- my comments would be that it's a stable environment, but it's a very competitive environment. And I actually think our position in terms of being very large in this channel, being able to offer economics across different price points, being able to offer larger purchasing packages to our clients, plays extremely well in terms of the current economic situation we find ourselves in. And that's allowing us to feel, again, confident but cautious that we'll achieve the guidance we're sharing with you here for 2012.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, so in terms of reconciling what David said about Q2 is simply due to the bolus in SOLiD orders that shipped and were recognized in 2011. That is a particular issue per se. But more generally, we're not seeing a change in buying behavior by the labs at this current level. We think it's stepped down from 2011. We're at a stable rate now and we don't see disruption to that pattern for the course of 2012.
Gregory T. Lucier: What we would say to you is we're realizing that this area of personalized medicine that uses genomic profiling to better target therapies is going to be very exciting, very large, and it will also involve the proteome as well. And as we are building out our strategy with Ronnie Andrews, I think one of the differentiators for us is that we will not just be in the genomics side of things, we'll be in a more broader-based solutions provider that will include genomic, proteomic and other aspects of our technology, obviously, around morphology, and that's going to, I think, really bode well for us as we play out the -- what is, as Ronnie has seen come in, quite an arsenal of technology.
Gregory T. Lucier: China for us has continued to be a very strong market. Nothing ever just comes to you obviously, so we work for that. But as we have said in previous calls, our strategy in China is to become ever more local and ever more direct. And so we have built probably one of the finest distribution networks across that country in terms of being able to move biologically active products extremely efficiently, and quickly. We are building out a direct sales channel city-by-city so that we can have scientific conversations. Our customer support and technical support is growing in terms of the Chinese language. And we are increasingly moving to an e-commerce strategy that we have deployed extremely successfully in many other countries around the world. And that's, I think, contributing to the continued double-digit growth we're seeing in China.
Gregory T. Lucier: Our Forensics business had a very good quarter in Q1. We continue to see the playing out of the trends that we've shared with our investors before in terms of internationalization. We had a couple of big orders in our key countries around the world. We have continued to launch new products in terms of particular profiling technologies for key countries that we think will unlock future growth. And we're looking at new instrumentation in that market that should help us in the ensuing quarters around a broader definition of not just using DNA, but human identification, and we're excited about that platform.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, the changes that we made over the last -- longer now, 18 months, has been to continue to become more of a direct seller in China. And since that Q2 point of 2011, we posted double-digit earnings and revenue growth in China. And so as we've said, in this forum and others that we think that strategy is absolutely the right one. It has certainly paid off and I think it will allow us to build a much bigger business over the course of time. So everything in China is moving according to our strategy and we're feeling really good about the results that we had in Q1.
Gregory T. Lucier: I think that's a fair gauge of how we are thinking about capital deployment if we do an acquisition.
Gregory T. Lucier: That's right. And I think it really falls into this philosophy David used around the currency question is, we're just going to be very cautious. We don't see a deterioration of research spending in the United States across 2012. And equally, we're not banking on it strengthening either, and so our guidance, we think, is built on a reasonable cautious assumption of the spending profile through 2012.
Gregory T. Lucier: I think that our comments would be a broad brush for biomedical research spending. Now having said that, within that overall generalization, as we have said, there is certainly a real focus on Genetic Analysis, next-generation sequencing, stem cell research still, and those are the key areas where we are investing our R&D efforts accordingly.
Gregory T. Lucier: Maybe we'll fric and frac on that one. In the research side, it's -- there's many, many different opportunities because I think, as Mark said, we are seeing the democratization of sequencing across research. It's hypothesis free. It is becoming ever more the starting point for more and more experiments in Life Science research. So that's all good and that plays to our cards, if you will, that we want to be evermore that essential research provider of key tools. On the diagnostics side or clinical side, obviously that is a enormous market opportunity and we're seeing commensurate uptake of the product there as well. And as we've said, we're doing a number of things to further penetration there. We are seeking a 510(k) on the PGM. We've hired Ronnie Andrews. We think this AmpliSeq technology is an absolute game-changer and the more that people understand that, the more they'll realize the words we're saying. And so we have actually created a focused selling force around the clinical opportunities that is very experienced in that domain. And we think that'll be evermore of a percentage of what we're doing. But I would just conclude, we see ourselves us a diversified technology company. Sequencing, Genetic Analysis is very important, but it's one of several things we're doing to drive growth and create shareholder value, and that's why we're not going to get into this discrete submarket clarification because I think it just doesn't play to what we're saying to investors of being a very strong technology company.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, Tycho. It's Mark Stevenson here. So let me just break out, I think, maybe the priorities. We've said before for R&D, the #1 remains in next-generation sequencing, so investment that we're doing around Ion Torrent, as we said, takes about 1/3 of our investment. We continue to invest strongly across consumables, but as a percentage of revenue, it is less but we see still good opportunity for workflow improvement, for new assays and innovation in that space. And the third area is really into the applied and the commercial area, so you see new products coming out across BioProduction, Food and Animal Health and increasingly into the Medical Sciences. So those are really our priorities across that. We have sized investment against the greatest growth opportunities, so when you look at the R&D productivity we've taken a very disciplined approach to making sure we get great returns on that investment and monitor and measure that very closely really by product to market area to ensure we get great returns.
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, I would pick up on your last point and I think we really are still early days in the ramp and what's very interesting to continue to see is the strength in both CE and TaqMan business for validation of those studies, and so a lot of what we're seeing at the moment is additional capacity added to either labs that already had next-generation sequencing or to new labs who -- this is their first next-generation sequencing. So really, although we're offering that, it's really a loyalty program, a trade-in. A lot of this is new capacity going into additional labs.
Mark P. Stevenson: So Gary, this is Mark. The pipeline and the general trends still look very positive for us. And we continue to track and make sure that our media -- and actually expanded beyond the media, our separation media, the porous material and our analytics are all part of this BioProduction story. I think what you will see are -- the sort of 2-year period and at each quarter is some variation as we have larger drugs come into production or some stocking. Actually, we did have a strong year last year and this Q1, we were comping our growth rate of nearly 20%, and so that's why you might see the growth slightly lower in the second quarter. But over the trend of a couple of years, we expect to see mid-to-high single digits in this market with our BioProduction business.
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, firstly, with regards to the press release we put out in Baylor, that was exactly as per our timelines that we set out at the beginning of the year. So if you remember, the timeline was to make the Proton with the I Chip broadly commercially available in mid-2012. The early access customers, we started shipping here with Baylor and that went extremely well, and got up and running very quickly. Between now and the end of the third quarter, which will be full commercial release, you'll see more data and you'll see more shipments come out. And so that's what you can expect over the next couple of months. We still remain absolutely on track for commercial release of the Proton II Chip on the Proton instrument 6 months later. And again, as you've seen with other chips and we've really learned a lot from having done this all last year with the 314 chip, 316 and the 318. We learned a lot in the development, we released early access data and then we're shipping to customers. So you'll see the same as we generate data and we start to ship to customers the second chip. So we're very confident everything's going well. As Greg mentioned, we had a program review and we feel very confident things are tracking to our plans we laid out at the beginning of the year.
Mark P. Stevenson: Well, yes, we still feel very good about the positioning first of our PGM instrument. And have continued to get good, strong placement and win share during the second full year that we've been going now. So the first quarter was as expected for us. We won units and new customers and existing. Particularly strong was the AmpliSeq uptake for us and with those customers who want to do panels and sets of genes, that was very strong. We started taking orders for Proton and that's really a game-changer as we start to take multiple orders for those systems, and feel good about getting prepared to start shipping those, as we say, coming up to the third quarter here and I think that will really position us strongly not only in the segment of the market we're being at genes, but now to enable the market to address exomes and whole genomes as we start shipping the Proton system. So I think we feel very good about the competitive positioning we have and we're all set for the year.
Mark P. Stevenson: We haven't seen that. I mean, really customers want to get going in their research. I mean, this is a very fast-moving space, so customers really want to get going, get results and so we've seen broad adoption. We continue to release upgrades to the system so as we've done each quarter, we're improving the performance of the system. We're focused on ease of use of the PGM, the AmpliSeq more on the improvements and the accuracy and read length. So customers are really appreciating now that these -- in the roadmap we have, they're getting better and better performance out of the systems as we go forward. So that's really the feedback we're getting from the marketplace.
Mark P. Stevenson: Yes, so a couple of things going on. Firstly, on the PGM side, we actually moved and started this quarter production in our Singapore operating plant. And that allows us to both improve margins and also start to build in a factory that is a regulated factory. It's where we build our qPCR instruments that have 510(k) approval, and so that has dual advantage. Also, as we're seeing more uptake on consumables, we have the opportunity, again, to in-source some of the components and build those kits ourselves and just we have greater margin in the consumable uptakes. So both of those things will result in improved margins as we go through the year related to Ion Torrent product line.
Mark P. Stevenson: No, Bill. That's exactly on track for middle of the year, so nothing changed from our roadmap in January and everything is good. As we said then, we would announce milestones like we announced today when we started shipping to the early access customers and we're on track for full commercial release between now and the end of the third quarter.
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, Jon, this is David. I think we'll have to see as the year advances in terms of what our investment opportunities are, et cetera. But at this point in time, the change in currency, we would expect to flow through. I mean, we saw a pretty significant fluctuation in currency this quarter. We've seen a lot of fluctuation over the last several quarters. I mean, who knows where we're going be by the time the year ends up.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, we did, I mean as best we could measure and we've talked about this before. It's a tricky thing, given 80% of our business is relatively small dollar per order consumables, but as best we can tell, yes, we saw a step-down of $10 million in the quarter and we expect it will be $40 million for the year.
David F. Hoffmeister: We did have an extra day in the quarter. It turned out that the extra day was a Friday, so it had relatively minimal impact.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, I think our growth rate in Greater China has been in the high teens. And we said that it would take time for us to put the strategy in place, but we would expect to see quarter-on-quarter improvement, which we have. And so I would expect that we'd be somewhere in that ballpark in the second quarter and for the rest of the year.
David F. Hoffmeister: I don't think that there's anything in particular that we're expecting that's going to be different from our outlook that we've provided last quarter.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes, that is the answer and we'll take a look at currency at the end of next quarter and we'll decide at that point in time if it looks like we want to raise guidance. At this stage, we've gotten $0.03 above what we originally thought. But as we've said, currency has been so unpredictable the last couple of years so we just think it's premature to raise it at this point.
