Gregory T. Lucier: Well, in terms of Ion Torrent in the fourth quarter, we had substantial sequential growth over the third quarter. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we had well over 700 PGM systems sold over the course of 2011. So it was a real gangbuster year for Ion Torrent. We expect, as I also said in the prepared comments, substantial growth over that level again in 2012. And that will be made up of more PGM instruments, which just continues to gain traction because it's proven, it's low cost, easy to use, and then increasingly in the second half of the year, the Proton instrument.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, we are not seeing cannibalization of the Proton on to the PGM. PGM is for genes and panels and small genomes. Proton is for exomes and genomes. And I would be -- want to point out very importantly that we've created a bridge strategy that rewards customer loyalty. And so you can buy a PGM, and essentially it goes towards full credit if you also then want to secure a Proton. So there is no penalty, if you will, of having to make a choice between PGM or Proton. It's really about what application do you need, and we have a semiconductor sequencing instrument to solve it.
Gregory T. Lucier: You bet. And I will jointly answer this question with Mark, who's on the phone. But the first is an overlay that -- we've had to overcome pretty substantial PCR royalties expiring over the last few years. In 2012, as David mentioned, it's really the last big year of the drop-off. And so what we face in 2013 is very manageable, much smaller. And so I think that removes a substantial headwind as we move through 2012. Now in terms of the underlying instruments versus assays, Mark, maybe you could answer Jon his question.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes, it's a good question. First, we're expecting SOLiD consumables to be in the tens of millions for 2012. And importantly, we're very focused on having those customers that own the 5500 to get ever more productivity. And one of the things that we are introducing to them is an upgrade program called Wildfire that eliminates EPCR completely and makes the 5500 instrument incredibly easy to use. And therefore, hopefully, more experiments get conducted on that installed base.
Gregory T. Lucier: Tycho, that's clearly our expectation is to get in 2012 to probably this year, low single digits and then building off that.
Gregory T. Lucier: So I'll take that one. Cell Systems grew this year in the mid-single digits. It was less impacted by the slowdown in government spending than some of the other divisions. We expect it'll continue to grow in about the mid-single digits next year. Genetic Systems overall grew in the teens powered by the Ion Torrent, and we expect it to continue to grow in about that range next year.
Gregory T. Lucier: Yes. I think it would be a mistake to say that we're targeting any particular size because we don't. We're really incredibly focused on return on invested capital when we deploy the money towards an acquisition. And quite frankly, you haven't seen us do a lot over the last 18 months because we feel that we would not be able to get good return on that money. We've done smaller, little tuck-in things that, quite frankly, we've barely even announced because they're not that significant. So I would just convey back to you is that size doesn't matter to us, but really deployment of capital and getting a return on it is really what guides us today.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, let me give you some thoughts on your broad-ranging question here. First, as I've said publicly, we believe that sequestration will not happen and that the NIH budget will be relatively secure, flat, up a little in 2013. That's our opinion, and we'll see what happens towards the end of the year. We think, no matter what, though, that these customers in academic and government entities around the world will remain focused on getting ever better deals. It's just a new realm of affordability that I think guides their choices. And to that end, we believe that we have a very compelling, winning strategy to grow nicely in that environment. It's a little bit, as I've said also publicly, the BMW strategy. We're the only brand or set of brands that can scale from the very high end to the lower-standard end with, I think, a secure source and great quality. So we're going to do well, and we're very focused on doing well on that environment. Lastly, I think it's irrefutable that as grants are made here or in Europe or in China, there's ever more money focused on genetic analysis. And I think you can see by our fourth quarter results that we are building a very strong, broad product line and set of solutions there that range from Ion to qPCR and this new QuantStudio that does digital PCR to the broadest range of assays that you can order online. And that's the message going out, and we're seeing real traction as being the place and the provider that people want to partner with.
Gregory T. Lucier: It's a good question. At the board level, we talk about this a lot and we're committed over the next several years to get about 30% of our portfolio out of life science research directly, whether that's in forensics, food testing or, as you described, in the medical realm. In the medical realm, we're being pulled in that direction, in following the Ion Torrent technology, because it's really creating a compelling solution set now for hospitals, diagnostic companies and the like. And I think the beauty of where we stand today is that we will partner and we will out-license that technology to partners that can really make the most of it. And we did that strategy with great success with qPCR in the research realm, and we'll do that strategy with great success in the clinical realm with Ion Torrent. And so I think we tell people we have an open door. We're ready for open dialogue, and we're seeing lots of people wanting to come and knock on that door and do business with us.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, let me take that the one and then Mark can jump in. These are business groups that we think better match how the business has evolved internally, and I think it also is a better match with our markets. And one way that that's a better match is in the Applied Sciences, which Greg spoke about. We're going to more clearly group the businesses, forensics, BioProduction, those businesses that are not research focused, so that investors can see the results better tied to the end use markets. The other change that we're making is in Genetic Analysis where we're grouping all of the instruments in the applied consume -- and the associated consumables into that. And so I think the internal organization has evolved to those kind of groupings and that this just better matches up the way we're looking at the business internally and from a market perspective with the way we're talking about it to investors.
Gregory T. Lucier: Well, there's been some changes that have taken place in -- over the course of the last couple of years, and we've just not reflected that in our external reporting. I think what we're doing now is catching up the external reporting with really the evolution that's taken place with the internal structure.
Gregory T. Lucier: Sure. So on the first part, the first year of Ion Torrent exceeded our expectations. And we're on -- we're in -- a month or so into 2012 and we're on track again for the second year of our expectations. The second half of your question is would we divulge how big did Ion Torrent sequencing become 3, 4 years down the road, and I think the answer is yes. But -- and I'd also say to you that when it gets to that, you will also see, because it will be powering the top line of the company significantly. So we'll be happy to talk about that in a couple of years' time.
Gregory T. Lucier: R&D as a percent of sales will be a little bit over 9%. And as we've said publicly, we're good at that level. I think investors should see somewhere between high 8s, 10% is a range that we can flex in. And so we're hovering around 9% in 2012.
Gregory T. Lucier: So let me answer that first, then Mark can fill in any gaps. But in AGBT next week, we will be showing some data that I think will provide more clarity of just how compelling this instrument is. I think there's a few other points just to amplify, though. First, you shouldn't dismiss the speed aspect. We're talking about substantial differences in speed, between well over a day, maybe 2 days, versus hours. And I can assure you as we speak with customers, especially in a clinical setting, that makes all the world of difference, and you don't have to have much of a discussion after that. However, there are substantial other advantages. For example, the read length. The read length of this instrument continues to increase, and that allows us to have ever more set of applications that I think open up an lot of new horizons. I'll give you an example. HLA. And so we're working with customers in HLA now that this instrument could be a compelling new platform for that field. The last thing I would say to you, again I think you shouldn't just compare the Proton instrument directly to that other instrument, because with the change of a simple chip, which is a consumable, you go from an exome to entire genome in 2012. And so there is a lot of versatility, a lot of growth. And again, just the economics, bottom line, are far better on this Proton instrument. That's not just me talking. That's what the customers are saying. And we'll have to prove that out in our results, and we'll -- we intend to do that.
Gregory T. Lucier: Derik, the average consumable pull-through for the PGM for the year at the end of the year was about $50,000, and we're targeting around $60,000 for next year. And we still believe we're on track for the $80,000 that we originally projected.
Gregory T. Lucier: Look, I would say that the Roche-Illumina transaction really doesn't affect our plans. We're not anxious. We're deliberate and we're executing a road map that Ronnie Andrews is going to do a masterful job doing. And one of the things that we'll do, and just to be very clear since I maybe wasn't clear in the earlier question-and-answer was, we are able to partner with other diagnostic companies in a very compelling way, and Ronnie will lead that effort. There are other areas and new ideas we have of business models that we're also carrying out, and Ronnie will lead that, too. And so I would just tell you that we're executing on a plan. A person of the caliber of Ronnie Andrews would not have joined us unless he came in, saw what [ph] the plans shared with him, and he felt they were really a winning set of ideas. So, you'll see them unfold. You'll start to see them unfold. And we feel good about our hand.
David F. Hoffmeister: Yes. So let me comment a little. I'd -- first, I'd start off by saying we really want to focus people on the operating margin. We've said that's going to be up to 50 to 100 basis points, and we'll do what we need to do, as Greg said, in order to ensure that we get there. In terms of gross margin, you're right, there are a lot of moving parts there. We think the gross margin's been up slightly in 2012. We do have some headwinds there, principally the fall in royalties and also the increased growth in Ion Torrent, both of which are a drag on our gross margins. But we have productivity programs and other things underway that we think will offset that.
David F. Hoffmeister: Well, what we've done this time, Isaac, and I appreciate the questions that people are asking, is that since we've now lapped one year, we're not breaking out Ion Torrent for competitive reasons in the detail that we've done in the past. We provided the number of units. As Greg said, we had been growing sequentially at a rate of about 50% or so, and that continued in the fourth quarter.
David F. Hoffmeister: Look, I think we said that it didn't get better, it didn't get the worse. It's really has stabilized. But this is a difficult environment. You've got to be really committed to do well in this environment. And given that this is the bulk of what we do, we've gotten pretty damn good at what we do in this market. And you saw that by the leverage and the results we got in the fourth quarter. I think going forward, this will -- this environment continues, and as you heard our guidance, we expect it to continue and not get worse but not get better. There will be companies that probably can't continue to invest at the rate they need to, to remain relevant. And we feel great about that as potentially a consequence because we're very committed to being there at the bench for biologically active products all over the world. And I think we're going to come through this period pretty strong.
