Marc N. Casper: So, Derik, the business had a very strong year. And when I look at the combination between the Life Sciences Solutions business kind of year three into the integration, you're seeing the full potential of our company in terms of just great performance. We saw strength in our Biosciences business. We saw excellent strength in our Bioproduction business and excellent strength in our Clinical Next-Gen Sequencing. So that combination was common through the year and continued into the fourth quarter.
Marc N. Casper: I think the way we think about the phasing is with the 4% organic growth in the guidance, we're just assuming a difference based on the calendar days. So a little bit below the 4% in Q1, and then obviously mathematically slightly above the 4% average over the balance of three quarters. So that's the phasing. In terms of the views on certainty or uncertainty, I've had the opportunity actually in the month of January to see a very significant number of customers, interacting with probably about 25 CEOs or head of major academic institutions around the world. My take is that there is optimism based on a more business-friendly environment in the U.S., but that optimism will start to pan out into good news over time because none of the policies are really in effect. So there's a bit of let's figure out what's going to happen. But I would say versus a year ago, actually I thought the tone was more positive as I did my kind of year-end reviews and catch-up with our customers.
Marc N. Casper: So, Ross, if I think about the fourth quarter, the one thing that was different was really the industrial portion of our industrial and applied, as bookings after really four very difficult and consistently difficult years clearly picked up. It's longer lead time items, so that really probably doesn't show up in the numbers until Q2 and Q3. But the thing we're really looking at is that bookings trend continue, because that was encouraging. We're assuming this year that last year we had low-single digit growth in the industrial and applied markets, and we are assuming in our guidance that we will be at or around the company average, a little bit of a pick up in that market. That really is the only significant thing that I'd say that we really saw from an overall end market perspective.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So as you know, we're very well positioned serving this customer set and have delivered very strong growth for quite a number of years. And that's been in environments that were very good and environments that were actually quite challenging, right? So our value proposition of helping our customers be more innovative and productive has helped us gain share through the different parts of the cycle. As we discussed with our customers, generally they feel good about the science that they're doing and they feel good about what the prospects are for their investments. So what I would say is that we haven't seen a significant change in tone. Obviously, they'll navigate the various dialogues as will every industry will have their own nuances that they have to address in the current state. But I didn't see a change really in tone. What we're assuming, Ross, in our guidance is that we will grow mid to high-single digits serving this end market versus our 10% comparison for the year. And that's the same posture that we've taken the last few years of using BioPharma as – or believing that our growth will be strongest in that end market and giving a little bit of a broader range because we obviously have a good comparison in terms of performing well last year. But we feel good about the outlook in the market.
Marc N. Casper: So, if I think about the year-end in the segment that probably saw the most effect in terms of the year-end pattern, it probably sits in that segment, less so a specific business, than the following dynamic. The last three years, kind of the 2013, 2014, 2015 type timeframe, we had very robust year-end spending. When we look at the year-end spend we saw in 2016, it was kind of more of a normal level of spend and that would be what would be most reflected in our Lab Products and Services business. So that's where we saw it, from that perspective, being a little bit softer. When you look at things like stack comparisons and things of that sort, actually the trends are identical throughout the year. So when we look at the underlying health, it's pretty much identical through the four quarters.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Tycho, thanks for the question. In terms of academic and government, we had low-single digit growth for the full year. And in the quarter when you normalize for days, it was pretty much the same conditions we saw as the full year. Geographically, the U.S. and China have stronger growth. And other parts of the world were not strong. From a guidance perspective in 2017, we're looking at similar conditions to 2016. So, low-single digit growth.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, I would agree. I would say from an outlook perspective, we would assume that over time the U.S. is going to get a little bit stronger and Europe is probably going to be slightly more muted in terms of our outlook for the year.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So with the strengthening of the dollar, certainly in markets where there's not strong local competition, we've been taking actions. We had done that in Japan a couple years ago. Benefited from that and we're doing that in additional markets where we have the opportunity to do so. We took some of those actions in the UK and continue to do so just given how the pound has been. So those are some of the things.
Marc N. Casper: Well, there are. I mean, the funnel is busy and pretty full. We continue to look at a variety of opportunities. As you know, the industry is incredibly fragmented. So we follow our strategy of looking at things that will strengthen the company strategically, clearly be understood and valued by our customers and create shareholder value, with the primary metric being return on invested capital. While we don't assume any in our guidance because you never know what will ultimately get over the finish line, we feel good about what the pipeline looks like.
Marc N. Casper: So in terms of the drivers in the end markets to get to higher organic growth, I would say obviously Industrial and Applied would be one. Obviously, coming in at the higher end of the range in the BioPharma, given the range we've assumed there, would ultimately do that. And then the other area is going to be academic and government. It has really been very low-single digits for several years, and that's probably 1 point below the long-term historical trend line. So there's some growth embedded there as well. And the 4% to 6%, as we mentioned, is the long-term outlook. So any particular year, Jon, it's going to vary, but we've been solidly in that range for a number of years.
Marc N. Casper: So we read every change through the lens of our customers and how we're going to help our customers navigate the new opportunities and any challenges that they may face. And when there's periods of any type of inflection point, we've done a good job of strengthening our relationships with our customers and growing our share. And when I think about the specific things for us, obviously tax policy, as Stephen mentioned, should be a nice benefit for us as that gets enacted. So we're paying attention to that as probably the one that's most immediate and affects us.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So, Chris, thanks for the question. So innovation has been a good year. We finished ahead of our internal goals in terms of the impact for innovation in the year 2016. We use a variety of metrics to measure that, but felt like performance was good. We have some big areas of investment that we're focused on that will drive really good growth into the future. I would categorize them in the areas of Mass spectrometry and broadening the application of that technology. The expansion of our next-gen sequencing further and further into the clinical space, we've had good momentum there. And we're extremely excited about the structural biology applications that FEI brings us and the combination with our leading position in mass spec, So those are some of the things that when I look at what are likely to be continuous good growth drivers for us going forward based on innovation, that's some of the highlights.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So in terms of the growth in Specialty Diagnostics, it's been operating just below the company average for a period of time. We have a fairly large program in clinical mass spectrometry and that's something that we are targeting to have an impact in 2018. And that, obviously, when we launch and when it drives adoption, should be a nice tailwind for that part of our business. Thanks, Chris.
Marc N. Casper: So, Steve, thanks for the questions. So we obviously have a strong competitive position in our genomics offering from the only company having Sanger sequencing, qPCR, Next-Gen Sequencing and Microarrays within the portfolio. So let's start with the clinical Next-Gen Sequencing. That's a business that has grown in the teens for us and continues to progress very well, so at least gives you a sense. From the Affymetrix integration, let me give you an update there. The integration has gone very smoothly. The eBioscience's business portion, which is complementary to our Biosciences position, is growing very well. And it was encouraging to see in the fourth quarter some stabilization of the Microarray business. Still below our expectations from the beginning of the year, but clearly a nice set of momentum from the actions we put in place during the course of the year. So I feel better about that. And we're looking forward to a strengthening year in the Affymetrix business in 2017.
Marc N. Casper: Sure. So, Isaac, in our mix, we have roughly a $1 billion Bioproduction business. Been a very strong grower. It's a bit lumpy. But the growth is very strong. And when we look at the outlook for this full year, it continues to be very robust. The reason for that is as you move through the R&D process into production to the ramp of production, those products are very life science tools – consumption is very intensive. So as volume grows, you really do consume a lot of product relative to a small molecule, which is once you get it into production, really you're just down to the Chromatography for QA/QC. So that's a tailwind that should be with us for the long term in terms of the growth in that part of the business. In terms of the research and development portions of the business and visibility, you never have perfect visibility. But generally, based on the strength of the customer relationships that we have and the access that we have to the customer base, our takeaway is that this is an end market where we're very well positioned to continue to drive meaningful growth.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. So in terms of FEI, it is an incredibly strong fit with our company and probably one of the most under-appreciated things if I think about in terms of what we did last year and in terms of how that will create a very bright future for the company. When I look at the momentum in structural biology and the orders and the shipments, the business should grow well this year. Obviously, most of the year does not count in our organic growth calculation just because we don't do it until the anniversary. But the business in aggregate should grow above the company average and, last year, certainly had bookings well in excess of their revenue. So a very strong outlook from that perspective. In terms of Affymetrix, we're expecting the business to grow around the company average, maybe slightly better in 2017. So thank you, Isaac.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So in terms of our position in Specialty Diagnostics, we really have a unique position because we are large partner to each of the OEM companies in the field. So customers like Siemens and Roche are important customers and collaborators with us. One of the interesting areas of growth for us has really been in the sepsis biomarker, PCT. The additional clearances in the U.S. should be a nice tailwind for that business, as not only did we get the clearance on our platform as did a number of our partners. So that should drive further adoption in the U.S., where originally it was usually for a single test and now it's used for monitoring a patient with sepsis, which allows for a larger recurring revenue stream. So we're excited about those opportunities. So thank you for the question. Let me just conclude with a quick comment. As a company and as a team, we're very pleased to delivered strong 2016. We're very well positioned to achieve our growth goals for the years ahead. And certainly I want to thank each of you for your support for Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
