Marc N. Casper: Sure. Derik, thanks for the question. At a high-level, when I think about the quarter, obviously a very good start to the year. And the team executed well, serving all of the markets. We came out of the quarter very confident with the 4% organic growth guidance that we outlined back in January. In terms of the color around pharma and biotech, it was a good quarter. It was once again our strongest end market. As I mentioned, it grew in the high single digits. In addition to the strength in bioproduction and biosciences, we also had good strength from chromatography and mass spectrometry. So really a good quarter. As Stephen mentioned in the LPS segment, you saw margin dilution. That was really driven by something we expected in our biopharma services business, which was at the end, in Q4, one of our customers canceled a large Phase III study, a very public one. It had nothing to do with us. The study itself was canceled. And that was a good-sized contract and a profitable piece of business. So it shows up really more in the margin profile within LPS. And we'll sunset that after the third quarter of this year.
Marc N. Casper: Well, you don't have to shut up. But from the quarter, academic and government was low single digits, very similar to what we've been seeing in recent quarters; Asia-Pacific being strongest. In terms of the U.S. academic and government, we grew slightly. And we would have expected by this point to be operating with a budget as opposed to under a continuing resolution. So we didn't see really significant change. If you get into the details of the U.S. academic and government, consumables was stronger than instrumentation. But again in aggregate, a low-level of growth in the U.S.
Marc N. Casper: Tycho, thanks for the question. Good chance to just talk about FEI broadly. First, from an integration perspective, going very well. Really a fabulous team and very good complement to our company. In terms of the growth performance, we had a very strong quarter within FEI. And we're expecting to have very strong growth. As you know, because we won't anniversary it until the very end of the third quarter, it's not going to be meaningful contributor to our organic growth. But on a pro forma basis, the business is growing very well. When you look at the pieces of the business, the life sciences portion of the business, which is driven by cryo-EM, is going incredibly strongly and there's excellent interest both in the academic community as well as you're seeing the beginning of interest in the pharmaceutical community as well. We've had some orders put in place, we also had, importantly, those customers kind of sharing some of the academic instruments, doing some studies which shows their interest and, ultimately, we think that they'll become purchasers as well. So that's very strong growth. Material science, which incorporates all of the non-life-sciences, semiconductor, academic, material science, oil and gas, every single thing that's not life sciences within the FEI business had very strong bookings growth in the quarter. Revenue growth was more muted in aggregate, but that will pick up as the year goes on, and that's driven by semiconductor being very strong on the bookings side. So a very encouraging first six months of the integration and we feel very good about the FEI business and how we'll add value to it and how it will add value to Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, of course. Thanks, Tycho. So as I mentioned in the beginning, industrial and applied grew at about the company average for the quarter. Applied markets were good. Industrial clearly is progressing as we had talked about last quarter. So when you look at the pieces, the shorter cycle portions of the business and the channel reflects that as would some of the lower purchase price, lower aggregate priced instrumentation, had a good quarter in terms of growth and what was also encouraging is that bookings were continuing to grow in the longer cycle products, the things that we mentioned last quarter. So that's two quarters in a row of bookings growth there, and that bodes well for the industrial end markets to play out in line with the expectations that we had articulated back in January, which is growth around the company average, and that would be a nice improvement over what we had seen over the last few years. So that's encouraging.
Marc N. Casper: From a geographic standpoint, Doug, Asia-Pacific, really no significant changes from the guidance back in January. Asia-Pacific, by far the strongest, and both Europe and North America just below the company average would be our expectations.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, you know Doug, it's a good question. The way that we think about it is twofold. First, it is a bit early in the year, and, well, obviously we're encouraged by the good execution in Q1, so it's a bit early to make changes on that. The second thing is one of the assumptions that's embedded in the guidance both in January, in particular was that we would be operating with a U.S. budget and, obviously, that budget that's been talked about is going to have a nice increase for NIH funding. Obviously we're sitting here at the end of April and we're still under continuing resolution. So that's something that we're just paying attention to and, obviously, three days ago, the news was discouraging, this morning the news is encouraging, and we just look forward to actually going from continuing resolution to budget and that can be a positive as the year unfolds.
Marc N. Casper: No, when I was in China at the beginning of April, where we're seeing this excellent, excellent activity is very much aligned with the five-year plan. It's not a stimulus-driven thing. It's really around precision medicine. We had a great interaction with a number of thought leaders there, and they're very aligned with what we're doing and obviously in food safety, environmental and the expansion of healthcare. Those were really core parts of the five-year plan in China. So we're not – we hadn't heard much about, if any, about a short-term stimulus effect but rather really alignment with fundamental government priorities. So we think we're very well positioned and, obviously, have a very strong team there.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, Jack, good questions. From the chroma, mass spec area, we continue to drive good growth. We saw strong performance in our high-end mass spectrometers, the Orbitrap family in particular was very strong, chromatography was quite strong across the board, so there wasn't anything that particularly jumped out as something special. Obviously, the applied markets in Asia helped drive some of the growth, but we saw a really widespread adoption across the business. So that perspective we feel good about. In terms of our clinical mass spec, a program that something we're targeting for a launch in 2018 and we're looking forward to it. As we get to some of the upcoming conferences, ASMS, in terms of the research market, you'll see some really exciting launches. And in AACC, you'll get some more views on what we're doing in the clinical space. So this late spring and summer will be super-exciting for Thermo Fisher Scientific as well.
Marc N. Casper: Steve, in terms of bioprocess, really a very strong fundamental end market. And we have a very, very strong competitive position. So we've had good growth for a number of years in that business. Q1 was a good quarter for us as well, with high growth as well. As a reminder, we have leadership positions in the media used to grow the product. And then obviously in terms of the single-use technologies that the products are made in, we have market leadership positions. We're excited about the Finesse acquisition, because it complements our single-use technologies. We've been expanding our capacity in terms of our manufacturing plants over the last few years. And we've had a number of openings, both in Grand Island and in Inchinnan in Scotland, where the customer feedback has been incredibly positive. So we feel good about the underlying aspects. There's always some lumpiness in the business, so we don't over-read that too much. I mean, yes, you have a lot of visibility. But sometimes shipments happen in one quarter, move to the next quarter. But for us, we've had pretty smooth growth over the last few years.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, when I look at the three sub-components of Lab Products and Services, you have the channel business, you have our manufacturing business for lab products, which is basically when you walk through a lab, kind of everything you see, the plastics, the equipment, the refrigeration, all of that. And you have our clinical trials logistics, or what we call biopharma services. I actually think all three teams executed very well in the quarter, right? And when I look at the channel business, we had very strong growth in the channel business. Really both in North America and Europe, the business is doing very well. Lab Products had a very strong start to the year in terms of growth. And when I look at the biopharma services business, the activity excluding sort of the one large trial that a customer discontinued, I feel good about the execution there. And then obviously that's going to take a few quarters to sunset. So I don't think there was areas that we under-executed. But we always try to be better, right? And our goal is to continue to drive additional growth, and our teams are focused on that.
Marc N. Casper: In terms of where the momentum is coming from currently, it's really the existing range of products. We have some exciting products in the pipeline. So that will help sustain a very bright outlook for the business. But the momentum you see right now is not really being driven by new products, per se. So that's something that will unfold as the year progresses.
Marc N. Casper: I would say that from the industrial, our channel business performed well in both geographies. So we didn't see a big difference versus our expectations there. I would expect pretty balanced improvements in both the U.S. and Europe and encouraging signs in Asia.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah, so in terms – Bill, thanks for the question. In terms of the microarray business, we're expecting modest organic growth for 2017 for that business, as we said shortly after the acquisition. The first year of ownership, which we sunsetted in March, was softer for that business, primarily about pricing that the competitor had dropped during the sale process of that business. And we launched a number of products and commercial initiatives, and we expect to see some momentum build as we move through the course of 2017.
Marc N. Casper: Yeah. In terms of the outlook for the U.S., not really. Pretty consistent with the original guidance provided we get a budget at some point in time, right? The continuing resolution is probably a month later going on and we had put into our original guidance we would've thought sometime in early April we would move to a budget, something of that standpoint in our original plan. So if that plays out, then the U.S. should be similar to what we thought. In terms of the science funding, Congress continues to be very focused on strong growth and support for NIH in particular. You can see that in the 21st Century Cures, you can see that in the funding for the Cancer Moonshot. I've had the opportunity to be in D.C. and meet with a number of members of leadership and there's strong support there from that perspective. So that's – that we're focused on making sure that that continues and feel like that's – it should be okay.
Marc N. Casper: No, I thought about that in more detail as we're in the discussion around policy, around the EPA. So obviously the business is primarily driven by activities outside the U.S. in terms of our air monitoring business in particular, primarily in China. In terms of the U.S., the Federal EPA is a tiny customer directly. So truly, hundreds of thousands of dollars, nothing significant. In terms of – bigger customers are really the states' EPAs that do the monitoring of the air quality and those regulators are typically more stringent than the federal level, so that's encouraging. Longer-term, obviously, a less desire for regulation on EPA is going to be a longer-term headwind for the air quality business. And to frame the magnitude domestically, that business is maybe $50 million, roughly in size. So it's a very small business. Short-term, you don't really see any effect. And with these policies, no new regulations go into effect over the next four years, then obviously that has some longer-term headwinds on that business.
Marc N. Casper: We've had broad-based success, Catherine, but clearly precision medicine, the food safety, kind of chromatography and mass spectrometry, genetic sciences, businesses have done very well. There's lots of demand and interest in vaccines and pharmaceutical production. That's been good for both our biosciences business and bioproduction. So it's been pretty broad-based but precision medicine, food safety are probably the two areas that jump out the most to us as big opportunities for continued momentum.
Marc N. Casper: So let me wrap up the call. First, thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to have delivered a strong start to the year. We feel we're very well positioned to deliver another great year in 2017. And of course, thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah, I'll take that one. So, Doug, nothing much has really changed when we look at it by end market from where we were at the beginning of the year. Some minor puts and takes across it. So biopharma will still be the strongest grower, expecting that to be kind of mid-to high-single-digits. Industrial and applied, as Marc said, would be about company average, and diagnostics and health care, and academic and government would be about kind of low-single-digits for 2017, same as 2016.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. So roughly half of the margin expansion really came from the FEI acquisition. The rest came from the core business. So there is good volume pull-through and using our PPI Business System, we think we can drive significant leverage of additional revenue.
Stephen Williamson: Thanks, Steve. I'll take the margin one first. So we delivered 90 basis points of expansion in Q1. For the full-year, we're still – I reiterated 40 to 60 basis points with a midpoint of 50 basis points. So if you do the math, we would be delivering just under 40 basis points for the remainder of the year, on average. A couple of key drivers between that and the Q1 expansion: timing of investments, more loaded into Q2 and Q3, a little bit in Q4; and then the other piece is that we had a very profitable stub period in Q3 last year from the FEI acquisition. We had a lot of revenue and very little cost, so that's causing a little bit of pressure on the Q3 margin. But overall, 50 basis points for the year.
Stephen Williamson: So in terms of what was in our initial guidance and still in our revised current guidance, Life Sciences Solutions will be the fastest-growing segment that we have. Analytical Instruments will be about the company average. Lab Products and Services will be slightly higher than company average. And Diagnostics will be similar to what we saw last year, is the way we're thinking about that.
Stephen Williamson: So the growth was actually good across both instruments and consumables for us. Yeah, so good growth across both areas.
