Marc Casper: Mike, thanks for the question. It was a pleasure to be in with you earlier in the quarter. So let me start actually one level off. Just kind of frame a few of my general thoughts and I'll talk about 2025. So when I think about Q2, team executed really well, really good financial performance. It was ahead of our expectations. It allowed us to raise our guidance. The other aspect of the performance is the actual performance as opposed to relative to expectations. Clearly very differentiated and very strong. It was good to see that core has now elevated to it's now flat, which is great. 4% adjusted EPS growth and expansion of margins. So I feel very good about the performance and when I think about the market they were in line with our expectations, so it's good to see the visibility that we've enjoyed for decades, as returned in terms of how the market's playing out. And when I think about our own performance within the markets, it was good to see that all four of our markets, we had sequential improvement in our growth across all four. So really very positive development. PPI business system is really delivering outstanding impact and ultimately feel good about the performance. Capital deployment has been active and good. We've deployed over $6 billion of capital through the first-half of the year, half of it on return of capital and half of it on a very exciting acquisition of Olink, and we're very well positioned at this point to deliver strong results. When I think about 2025, I think the way I would just think about it is we're going give you that in January of 2025. When we have the benefit of the year behind us and we're focused on delivering a great year, we'll be able to give you a view of not only our performance, but how we saw the underlying market conditions. The year is progressing as we expected, so we expect that the market will continue to improve modestly in the back half of the year, each quarter being a little better than the quarter before and that our performance will also continue to step up and that will give us momentum going at ‘25 in the details. We'll give you back -- we'll give you in a few months’ time.
Marc Casper: Yes, your hearing is excellent. So yes, we delivered mid-single-digit growth in the quarter. Team did a nice job, really good execution. Comparison was relatively easy in the quarter, so and I would still characterize the conditions as muted in terms of the environment, but a nice job by the team to deliver a very solid Q2 result. Thanks, Mike.
Marc Casper: Yes, Jack, thanks for the question. When I think about probably the most important points on our life science solutions segment, nice to see the growth in our biosciences business, that's every lab every day, really nice adoption in the pharma and biotech segment there. So that was a nice positive development in terms of there. And maybe I'll dive a little bit into bioproduction, which is always an area of great interest to our investors. The business is actually progressing really exactly as we expected, really nice quarter of performance. So when I think about the most salient facts around bioproduction, sequentially really nice revenue growth in Q2. When I look at orders, we had really nice sequential growth in orders. We had year-over-year growth in orders, and we had a favorable book-to-bill. So progressing well, and when I look at others that have reported I feel very good about our performance. So when I think about the life science solution segment those are two of the drivers and then you've seen some announcements in the previous few months about important companion diagnostics our clinical sequence business -- clinical sequencing business is doing quite well. So Jack thanks for the question on LSS.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about Analytical Instruments, it was nice to see the 3% growth in the quarter and very positive. Yes, I would say the market conditions also are playing out pretty much as we expected and not at the normal levels yet, and we certainly see the impact of the muted conditions in China. We have really excellent momentum in those differentiated products that we have where innovation matters, on orders as well as on revenue. When you look at electron microscopy, you look at the Orbitrap Astral, just the cutting-edge work, you've seen incredibly strong momentum there. So that's where the highlights are, and I would say in the more routine-ish aspects of the portfolio, you see more muted conditions. Thanks, Jack.
Marc Casper: Rachel, thanks for the question. It's an important question. So let me start at the sort of high level and then get down to the stimulus and then try to as much transparency as I possibly can. First of all, I think the world was surprised at how weak China was economically as this year unfolded. The stimulus programs announced early in the year was a sign that the government wanted to get the economy going, which is a good thing, right, in terms of sort of what is the macro backdrop in terms of a tough economic environment. When I think about stimulus in our industry and what we're seeing, tremendous amount of activity with our customers actually to help them with figuring out what to apply for. And so we know there's quite a bit of interest in our products from a stimulus perspective, and we're helping our customers in that process. When I think about how do I expect it to play out, my expectation is that it's largely going to show up in revenue in 2025 and likely to have some small effect in the fourth quarter of 2024 as well. I did ask the question about air pocket to the team, and I'm actually heading off to China in a couple of weeks' time, so I'm looking forward to that. Our team didn't highlight any air pocket or anything like that. So it's kind of muted conditions, and customers are working on looking at the investments associated with the additional government funding. So we didn't see any pauses in the activity, and I'm proud of the team's mid-single-digit growth in the quarter.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Rachel, team has done a really nice job executing very well in our clinical research business. And when I think about our performance, we delivered positive organic revenue growth despite a really substantial headwind from the runoff of vaccines and therapies in that activity. So team is doing a nice job. Commercial execution was very strong in the quarter, right? And customers value our capabilities. And when I sort of went under the details of the commercial performance and looked at some of the underlying trends, it was very clear that in Q2, we really did see some of the biotech funding activity that we talked about is a green shoot in Q1 that would give us confidence that the year in aggregate across our business would be improving from a market perspective. We saw that in Q2 actually translate into an acceleration of authorizations in our biotech customer base. And that really does bode well for that. And as you know well this business, that really translates more into revenue in ‘25 and ‘26 in terms of how long it takes to get the clinical trials up and going, but the authorization momentum very encouraging in the quarter. Thank you, Rachel.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Doug, there's a lot in that question. It's a good question. So let me just start with I think the things that are around the market and our performance which is important to our investors, right? Pre-2023, holding aside some of the amazing market and our performance in the pandemic period, a very predictable, visible market without a lot of volatility and really a great underlying set of growth, right? So there's never debates about market growth sort of pre-pandemic or even in the early parts of the pandemic. So -- and then obviously, a difficult year for the industry in 2023, comparisons and a lot of other factors related to the pandemic directly and indirectly. So when I think about what we're seeing in the industry now for three quarters in a row, the visibility is pretty good. Like we have a good feel for what's going on. It's playing out as we expected. There's always things a little better, a little worse, also irrelevant on the margin. They're all in the factor of the aggregate, so I feel very good about the progression. What's embedded in our guidance in the market, right, is that for the full-year is that it continues to step up a little bit more in Q3 and further in Q4. And when I think about what we've assumed in the market growth and back in the January time frame when we gave our guidance is we said the market was going to be down low-single-digits. But when you looked at sort of the phasing implied, it probably is flattish, maybe up slightly in the fourth quarter in terms of the market progression. That's -- we don't have a perfect crystal ball, but that's sort of what's implied in there. And so it's progressing well. When I think to how it's going to progress exactly each quarter thereafter, when we get to January, I will have a much better feel for it. But I think what's really relevant is how do I feel about the 4% to 6%, right? And I'm looking forward to Investor Day. I feel great about the long-term 4% to 6%. That doesn't mean I can predict it to a quarter or the specific year, but when talking a three to five-year time frame, and do I believe that the market growth is going to be 4% to 6%, 100% confidence in that. But underlying scientific drivers are phenomenal in terms of our industry, what's going on in pipelines, our customer base, fantastic, right? So I don't lose any sleep over that. And I always question it because it's important. It's not like just take it from a dramatic standpoint, but from a fact and underlying drivers, I feel great about it. And then the other thing that's important to me, important to our 125,000 colleagues and actually quite important to our investors is our customers meaningfully choosing us more often than their other choices. And the ability to grow 2% faster than the market, I feel great about. And we have an incredible track record this quarter, at least looking at what we've seen so far, once again delivered on that. So hopefully, that puts it in the context of my enthusiasm. And we'll provide you transparency as the year wraps up to what do we see as a reasonable assumption for the next year. And I think our forecast accuracy is pretty good.
Marc Casper: Doug, thanks for the question. When I think about the company's strategy and the trusted partner status that we've earned with our customers over many, many years, we're able to take a long-term perspective, while holding ourselves accountable for delivering excellent long-term results. And I love periods where not everybody is performing at the same level. It creates opportunities. I loved during the fact that the pandemic, we were able to accelerate our investments in innovation. Well, I mean I talked probably for five of my 15 minutes today on innovation. And I had to truncate it because the list was so long. It is super cool. And our job is to differentiate our competitive position to deliver superior organic growth to the others and translate into great results. And I'm very excited about our ability to continue to do that and further differentiate our industry leadership going forward. So thanks for the question, Doug.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Tycho, when I think about our pharma services business and our capacity, where we play, I feel very good about our position. We've had very strong demand for our sterile fill finish abilities, which is our largest activity, and we're doing well there. We've been expanding the number of lines we have at our sites, and demand has been strong for that. So I feel good about that outlook. In the clinical trials, supplies, which is the other really large portion of our business and where we really have an unparalleled position, I highlighted a couple of examples of capabilities we're expanding. Effectively, we make sure that our capacity lines up with our forecasted demand. So it's not really an overcapacity viewpoint. And then on the other parts of the business, I feel okay about our position and nothing of note there. So that's pretty positive. And what we're going through right now, as a reminder, is we're transitioning a lot of the COVID-related activities to the normal therapies. And the team is doing a good job. It certainly impacts our growth in terms of headwind in 2024, but it becomes better in '25 and '26 as the new therapies and the tech transfers are complete and new lines come on place. So pretty good times ahead.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Puneet, thanks for the question. So when I think about the things that jump out to me the patterns, if you will, and I see lots of customers, and I'm looking forward to being back on the road tomorrow, seeing our customers is a great thing. In our larger customers, which -- and these will be the companies with many products that are both commercial and in their pipeline, you're seeing a few things. One, they're focused on resiliency of their supply chain. So where maybe historically pre-pandemic, they would have had single site in-house manufacturing, you're seeing much more of the second site, leveraging our capabilities. And that's great in terms of just making sure that they can meet their customer demand, if you will, for medicines. You're also seeing the desire for how do we help them be more innovative and productive. And you basically fund all of the exciting things in their pipeline by just helping them really prioritize the most important work and do that in the most effective way. So it's really about helping them do more to maximize the impact of what's in their pipeline. When I think about the smaller customers, because we had gone through a period in 2023 where funding was challenged, right, a lot of the tone was around how do they get through the period. When I think about the first six months of dialogue, much higher confidence, right? Funding is happening, but also the confidence that funding will be available really at a very different spot. And you're seeing that really translate into the earliest indicators of that, which is authorizations of new clinical trials and new activity. But I would expect that, that would sort of flow through the rest of the types of work we do as the year continues to unfold and as we get into '25. So I think that's a very positive development.
Marc Casper: Yes. I was encouraged by what I saw in academic and government in Q2. We had low single-digit growth, a relatively challenging comparison. So the team did a good job. What I'm seeing is on the high-end differentiated products, customers are getting money. I mean if I think through, consumers get money for the really great innovation. And given our track record on innovation, we're seeing strong demand for the Orbitrap Astral. And I know that there's a lot of excitement around the Thermo Scientific Stellar mass spectrometer and the eclipse series. These are really -- or series. These are really, really positive developments. And so I think it's good. I always think long-term academic and government globally, it was kind of a low-single-digit growth market, sometimes a little better than that. And for -- our performance is playing out in line with that right now.
Marc Casper: I mean the process is they have to apply, and there's a central government funding and matched by their other funding sources, usually provincial or it could be local depending on the institution. So they're going through that process. As it gets approved, they then have the ability to go out and place the order, so that's the view. I think because these institutions are funded by the government in all times, whether it's stimulus or not, I think they have a mechanism to understand what's likely to happen. So this is not giant mystery to them. I think they're working through it and is kind of normal from that perspective. And what we're doing is reminding them of the importance of the important instrumentation that we've launched and the relevance of it. So that they prioritize their funding request to support our instrumentation. Dan, thanks for the question, and I'll turn to just wrapping up. So thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Pleased to deliver another strong quarter, well positioned to deliver differentiated performance as we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders, and we'll build an even brighter future for our company. We're looking forward to talking about that bright future at our upcoming Investor Day on September 19 in New York and updating you on our third quarter performance in October. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific.
