Marc Casper: So Ross, thanks for the question. The first one I would think about is we look at the half in total, right? and say if you look at the half we feel like we are right on track from our original expectations in terms of end markets, actually slightly better and obviously we’ve been raising our earnings outlook consistently throughout the year since our original guidance in January. So we feel things are playing out well. From Q1 obviously there were some headwinds that made it for a softer quarter, I thought generally the company performed well but obviously between weather and some other things, we had [ph] little lower organic growth than the target for the full year. Obviously when we look at Q2, we’re ahead, in a strong quarter it averages out okay.  When you think about it sequentially between the two quarters, healthcare and diagnostics was much stronger in the quarter and we were able to maintain excellent momentum in pharma and biotech. So those are the two things sequentially worth noting when you think about it from the end market perspective. It’s nice to see actually academic and government growing again, still low single digits but that was good. From a geographic perspective, when you think about, when healthcare and diagnostics is doing well and certainly with some growth in academic and government, the US performed much better. So that’s the positive. The challenge was China, in terms of flat growth in the quarter. And when I look at that especially given that China has been a significant growth driver for the company for us to deliver 5% organic, with the flat China it says how well the company is performing. And within China, we still feel good about the outlook, obviously high teens bookings growth is encouraging and should lead to a stronger second half in China than what we had in the first half.
Marc Casper: Sure. So when you look at the quarter, clearly the release of government funds was very muted relative to quite a period of time. An example of what's causing that would be very well-publicized changes in how the food safety administration is being organized, right, so an important buyer of analytical instruments in particular is going through a reorganization, right. So that's an example that clearly slowed things down. The team, as they were seeing those changes, actually focused where funds were more elusive, if you will and that’s why the bookings growth is so strong. Basically they put their focus on other parts of the market segment which is exactly what I would expect the commercial team to do. So that gives us the confidence that the second half would have stronger growth than the first half.  I am heading off to China in a few weeks times, it's a very important market for the company and we have a great position there. So the changes that we are feeling right now I don't think have any long-term effect on the business and we’re very confident about not only the second half but also the long-term prospects here. It’s how I would think about it, Ross. 
Marc Casper: So, Jon, thanks for the question. So let's start with proteomics first which is our mass spec business is doing great. We have excellent momentum in terms of the actual results in the first half of the year, results in the second quarter, bookings outlook, I went to ASMS, I saw a few of you there, fabulous conference for Thermo Fisher. That's obviously the expectation we set every year but it’s nice to actually deliver on it year in and year out and we are dominating that field and doing a great job. And when you have organizations like Harvard Medical School and Mass General using the instrumentation to do totally new types of research, that's opening up more high-end opportunities which is great, but we’re also seeing strength in some of the more applications driven opportunities as well, kind of your environmental food safety, routine pharmaceutical work and that’s why we have some new applied instruments as well.  There is clearly lots of interest in on the genomics side as well and we had a good quarter in terms of growth in our next-gen sequencing business. So I feel good about that opportunity. So things that we’re focusing on obviously is innovation, big emphasis on next gen, big emphasis on life sciences mass spec, chromatography, we’re very excited about. Asia-Pacific, very important to us, in or value proposition, that’s what’s going to drive our growth for the foreseeable future. 
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Jon, so two big questions there. So first in terms of we have other divestitures in the queue, the answer is no. Nothing, nothing planned and certainly nothing materially there, so in terms of why the divestiture of Cole Parmer. It’s one business that actually – I don’t think we’ve really ever talked about in the many years but it's a niche specialty channel. It was purchased by Fisher Scientific when the company was purely a channel business. We ran it separately from the other channels because there was less opportunity to sell. Our Thermo Scientific self-manufactured products through the channel and we felt like it was appropriate timeframe to sell that particular business because of the really separate from our channel business, separate from our self-manufacturing business and thought that selling it made the most sense. And we’re going to use the proceeds, as Pete said, to repay debt more quickly. 
Marc Casper: Very strong quarter, biopharma service is a great business, it’s been doing great for a long period of time, continues to do well. So that’s no change in the trend. Pharmaceutical companies continue to outsource that activity to us, we’re the low-cost provider, the high-quality provider, so it’s a terrific business. Our channel business had a good quarter, our lab consumables business had a good quarter, our lab equipment business had a good quarter. So each of the components of lab products and services did well.
Marc Casper: No, we haven't seen any impact. We obviously take all competitors very seriously and I think Alan Malus did a really nice job with the analyst meeting articulating how we’re leveraging the added strength in our e-business approach that Life technologies brought to the company to make it even better channel to market. So – but we take all competition seriously and – but we haven’t seen any effect there. 
Marc Casper: So Tycho, starting with the back half of the year for pharma and biotech, our comparisons get more challenging, so we’re assuming mid single digit growth in the back half of the year. That would lead in aggregate for the full year for pharma and biotech for us to be mid to high single-digit growth. And if you recall back to our January guidance we assumed mid single-digit growth. So little bit better outlook for that segment, or that customer set in total.  In terms of China, we’re assuming high single-digit growth for the full year. We had mid-single digit growth in the first half of year, so that’s implying a stronger second half of the year based on the strong bookings performance we just delivered. 
Marc Casper: So Tycho, in terms of – after the quarter closed, we launched our next generation UHPLC, I will save the detailed victory lap for our October remarks, but I will give you a little bit of a highlight. So we acquired Dionex a few years ago, the business has done well for us. We took the R&D teams from legacy Dionex and Thermo Fisher and we really have brought out a fabulous new UHPLC which we launched around July 15 and we think it's a very meaningful product launch and it’s going after a large market where we have a presence but we’re not the industry leader and we’re targeted at gaining some market share there.
Marc Casper: There’s certainly some things out there but nothing significant and – there is some activity level, you’ve seen some things announced in the marketplace and we did a small food and animal health deal last quarter, very small and -- but it's not super active right now is the way I would characterize it. And again as I said in the past that if something looked exciting and compelling and create a shareholder value, we would consider it.
Marc Casper: Obviously we’re driving our cash flow hard, we’re focused on debt repayment. This company is focused on creating shareholder value. If we can get there sooner, we well but just as we modeled it out right now we think Q3 is a reasonable assumption.
Marc Casper: It’s a good question. So lot too, I guess so I would say it is very straightforward, some of the bookings that we had in Q2 shipped in Q3, some shipped in Q4. So it's not as if you get everything over the next [ph] quarter, some of them are the longer lead time items. So it’s a balance between the two quarters. So the strong bookings growth helped the second half of the year, it doesn’t particular favour Q3 versus Q4. When you think about the view on the quarter, we didn’t really talk much to my recollection about China other than on the earnings call, at the analyst meeting, you talked really just about the long-term, talked about the five year outlook for China, I don’t recall talked much about it in the quarter one way or the other. We didn't see in the second and third months, obviously we had the first two weeks of benefit which seemed okay when we started the quarter. But when we did our call, but after that it wasn’t particularly strong throughout the quarter. So it wasn’t as if we had something happened at the end of the quarter per se, it’s just government was slow in releasing funds, and that was – food safety is the biggest driver but there has been a skittishness on government spending or release of funds fairly broad-based across the economy. And I think that’s actually been extraordinarily well publicized in terms of some of the things going on there.
Marc Casper: So Europe had a very strong quarter, feel so good about the performance broad-based, biopharma services did well, our instruments businesses did good well. There is excitement around the horizon 2020 funding. It's actually things are continuing to improve, so that's good. For the full-year we’re expecting the growth to be in the range of the company average and so slightly better than our original assumption. So if you think about it geographically, Isaac, the US and Europe outlook for the full year is slightly better than our original thoughts, and obviously China a little bit weaker but the net of it from geographically it was obviously still a little stronger in aggregate.
Marc Casper: So Paul, thanks for the question. So in terms of next gen sequencing, there is a lot of buzz around the PGM these days because there is work in the clinical trials area for oncology using the platform for matching patients to the right drug for various cancer types. So that’s kind of a lot of buzz, when I was at the American Society of Clinical Oncology in June, that was clearly a lot of – actually that was the most important buzz in that particular conference, around anything in next gen sequencing because that’s really where the clinical application is. So yes, there is products being developed and launched and a lot of good feedback on that product line.
Marc Casper: Yes, so when you look at the growth in the quarter, all the China government release of funds is most felt in our instrument business because we have very very strong position there. It’s a high percentage of that business’ total revenue mix. So while the growth was pretty good, it was a little bit less than the full-year target, really it’s driven by what’s going on in China. The enterprise services business which is also part of that segment did very well, so that’s obviously encouraging. And there is -- a question was asked earlier, we just launched a new UHPLC product line after the quarter end, which also will help us in the second half.
Marc Casper: We’re focusing on tier 3 and tier 4 cities now in installing the air monitoring network in the country. So it’s well into implementation. So we did two years ago kind of tier 1, last year kind of tier 2 cities and now we are into the broad market. EPM, the environmental processing business grew in the quarter, so that was encouraging. And I would say that amazingly how time flies, soon we will be getting into the servicing aspect of those instruments and kind of the recurring stream of revenue which will be exciting as well. 
Marc Casper: So right now we did invest a little bit of additional funds based on our strong performance and are allocating some additional funds for the second half of the year. We want to make sure that in our life-sciences solution segment that we have very good growth prospects for the mid to long-term. So the 3% growth that we set as our target, was actually stepped from where the business was performing, I am very pleased with the 3% in the quarter, but we’re making some investments to soar up that area of the business and then of course in other parts of the company like chrom and mass spec we’re making investments to capitalize on those opportunities as well.
Marc Casper: Yeah in terms of rest of world, a softer quarter, it's a very very lumpy business because there are substantial tenders primarily in the mining sector, interestingly enough it was very big in parts of South America that drive that. So a little bit of a softer quarter but expect it to be for the full-year kind of in the mid to high single-digit growth range. Brazil was soft in the quarter but generally we feel like the outlook is good for the full-year. 
Marc Casper: The business -- it's hard to define the exact penetration rate because the customer base is actually -- is expanding the definition of what we’re doing with them which is interesting. I mean part of it is we continue to add service lines but we’ve had customers say you do this so well, we like you to do syringe work with us, where we might have been doing other types of outsourcing works. So the market keeps expanding but when we just did our strategic plan review which is a five your outlook for that business, growth prospects look fabulous. So I don’t know what my baseball analogy is but we are using football as we’re almost at training camp time is probably the end of the first quarter with three quarters to go. 
Marc Casper: The team is very experienced with a great track record. In the quarter that we had, we didn’t have cancellations, in that sort, so usually when bookings happen they ship. I mean so from that perspective, we have high confidence that the business is going to perform. It is a centrally controlled economies, so if the government wants to do something different anything is possible but that wouldn’t be available a Thermo Fisher specific thing, that will be a major macroeconomic factor which no one is predicting. So I would say we feel good about the outlook in China, Steve.
Marc Casper: All right. Let me wrap it up. We had a very strong Q2, it puts us right on track at the halfway point of the year and positions is to achieve a very strong 2014. As always, thanks for your support of Thermo Fisher and we look forward to updating you our progress next quarter. 
Peter Wilver: So I will take that one. So when you look at the forecast certainly adding 340 million of proceeds net from the Cole Parmer divestiture gets us earlier in Q3 but it doesn't necessarily pull us into the first half. Seasonally first quarter cash flow is generally weak, obviously it was very weak this year but we don't expect that next year. So when you look at first half versus second half free cash flow, it doesn’t necessarily flow pro rata. I would say we’re down to early in Q3 at this point. But we’re not into the first quarter anything like that. 
Peter Wilver: No, its actually pretty, pretty balanced in terms of the stack comp. So there's deceleration assumed in Q4 organic growth from Q3. 
Peter Wilver: Yeah, we actually had a pretty strong growth in services certainly in the quarter. As I mentioned in analytical instruments, we had as one of the first times you’ve actually called out our service business in that segment. So we had very strong growth there. So it was actually on the strong side. 
Peter Wilver: To be honest with you, we haven't calculated that number. I mean obviously a significant portion of the year-over-year increase is a result of the just adding the number in, but as I said we picked up in the quarter $23 million of acquisition synergies which is actions that we've taken as a business and the life-sciences solutions segment does productivity and sourcing and restructuring and all those things just the same way as the rest of the business does. So they are driving productivity in addition to just the addition of the Life Technologies numbers. 
Peter Wilver: No, I would say there's less conservatism built in than there was before. When you look at it we’re raising the midpoint by $0.04 and then we have $0.03 from the Cole Parmer divestiture, so that’s $0.07, if you look at kind of the actual versus consensus in Q2 about $0.02 of that was tax rate which doesn't affect the full-year. So you get pretty close to the $0.10 being added in to the full-year. So that reflects our good performance in Q2, and are basically carrying through that performance into the full year. 
