Marc Casper: Yes, Jack, thanks for the question. So our clinical research business, formally PPD off to a great start. As a reminder, the business had tremendous success in 2021 delivering great performance, great authorizations, even from especially after the announcement, just incredibly focused on great execution. Customers are excited about the potential and that momentum continued into Q1. Very strong performance on revenue and really good growth and authorizations. As I look at what's going on in the industry and look at some of the other companies that have reported, our results look favorable to the results that we saw. So we feel good about that, as an external reference point. And the switch strength within PPD was broad based across the different customer types, the funding environment, it was actually a great start to the year. Integration's gone really well. We feel good about that, and I'm really excited that commercial team has secured our first wins that are what I would call synergy related in the form of new authorization. So really a very cool start to the year, and we're excited about what the potential holds for our clinical research business.
Marc Casper: Yes, so Jack thanks. It's a great question. We made a decision on the guidance on vaccines and therapies, actually just because the number of questions we were getting from investors relative to our enterprise value and the sort of net present value of the company was disproportionate, right? So, we just basically said, we had a really good start on vaccines and therapies for the year. We did just under $500 million of revenue, which was what we expected to do. The $2.1 billion that we put in the original guidance of vaccine therapy related revenue is actually still a number that can be achieved. I call it at the high end of the range. And as you know, we're involved in so many of the programs, we're involved in the vaccine programs and the therapy programs we're involved in the drug substance and the drug product. We're involved in the enabling technology. So it's across many of our different capabilities and we feel good about it. We chose to effectively reduce the number in the, sort of in the target because the core business is performing so well that we just wanted to take the dialogue really off the table, as you know the capacity that makes these products and provides the enabling technologies is truly repurposable to other customers and to other products within the biologic field. So, we're very encouraged by that. And then to your question, we are expecting very strong growth for our pharma services and our bioproduction business in 2022 and beyond. So Jack thanks for the questions.
Marc Casper: Patrick, thanks for the question. So, the team really did an excellent job in Q1 navigating the lockdowns as started towards the end of the quarter to deliver double-digit growth and to really work with the government to be able to supply the critical products that we provide to the customer base there, even in difficult circumstances. Very impressive. What our assumption is actually fairly straightforward. We're looking at the back half of the year that Q3 and Q4 are normal in China, back to strong growth. And as you know, the business there rebounded super quickly after the Q1 of 2020 disruption. So the economy is there is quite resilient. Our assumption is in this quarter, there's a couple points of headwind. We're baking into the numbers because the number of the customers are closed. Academic institutions in Shanghai would be closed so that, it'll take, a period of time for that to rebound and as activity ramps back up. So that's how we're thinking about it in terms of the quarter. And we were able to fully bake that into our guidance and Stephen in the revenue phasing, views, try to make it clearer that what our outlook is for Q2, which is still quite good, but feels a little bit of that pressure and then Q3, Q4 picks up from there.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, Patrick, thanks for the follow-up on that. So, I would think about it, the following, the timing of the transition and what the long-term demand for COVID there are so many scenarios, it's very hard to say which quarter, which year exactly how things play out, right? Because the capacity is re-purposable we will move that over time. And in our long-term model that Stephen presented last September, it effectively reflects that that's all transitioned by the end of the model period. So that it was part of core. It doesn't affect the 7% to 9% long-term outlook. As I looked to 2023, I mean, as a reminder, we play a role in both therapies and vaccines. So, they are on different cycles and different scenarios, which is, I think, most scenarios have the pandemic existing in some endemic form next year. And therefore, therapy demand should exist with some level of consistency and vaccines is a wide range of out outcomes. Obviously the smaller, vial, the single use actually drives more revenue per thing. So, you have a lot of moving pieces. And our job is to manage all of that, manage the transition at the right timeframe and we will. I think the one piece of new information that, I think, is interesting is one of our customers, not in the top tier of the activity level within COVID, actually just repurposed its own commitments to other therapies and activities. So that was actually made that transition even smoother for a portion of it. And basically, in the future basically is taking the commitments and say, when they don't need COVID capacity, they're going to basically use it for other thing. So, hopefully all that color gives you a sense that we'll manage that over time and will continue to deliver strong growth as a company.
Marc Casper: Yes, so, Derik, thanks for the question. So, as you know, we never really talk about specific customers unless a customer is announcing this on their own behalf, and then we're more than happy to make some high-level comments, right, because it's really, our job is to support our customers’ activity. I think that our take is that we did a really good job of supporting our clients during the course of the pandemic across all of the different activities. And that enhanced our reputation, our trusted partner status with our customers. And as in the case of Moderna they had the opportunity to work with us and decided to leverage our capabilities in Greenville, North Carolina, and our expertise to support their future pipeline from a sterile fill finish perspective. And it's super exciting in terms of the capabilities of the things that we will support longer term from them there. We have many different models of how we work with our clients in our pharma services business. And it's our job to support them in the best way that they want. We do have what we call condo models, where customers have some dedicated capacity. We have the traditional fee-for-service models. And then we have some other innovative ones. The other public one obviously was announced a couple years ago, which was CSL, right, which is, we took over one of their facilities, we're going to be manufacturing one of their new therapies and they are expanding the collaboration with us. So, it's a long menu of options and our job is to help our customers navigate their future and be really valuable to them.
Marc Casper: Yes, it's a great question, right. So, when we think about living and navigating through an inflationary environment, our team is doing a good job of managing productivity and managing cost and mitigating what can be mitigated. So, I'm very pleased with that. Our expectation for pricing is – and in normally as you know, it's a half point to a point of price that we get within our business. And this year we would expect that price would be about double the high end of that range or about two points of price within our outlook for the year. So, it's our job to support our customers, to explain the inflations and where we can offset it and where we need customers to support us. And those dialogues have been constructive and positive.
Marc Casper: Yes. So, when I look at the performance, I look at the pipeline, I look at the authorizations, which is the new wins. When I look at the revenue, when I cut it by the different types of customers, we had a really strong start to the year. When I look at, I read not all, but some of the different commentary, and the differing views out there my take is, is that there was nothing abnormal in cancellations in the quarter, there was no trend to any of that. And actually we are on track to deliver very strong results, but the 11% growth that we're looking at for this year is really impressive because last year we're spectacular, right? In terms of the growth that the business delivered. So against a challenging comp that's really, really encouraging, and authorization support that for this year, but also support the long-term expectations that this is a high single digit growth business. And when we drive, synergies, it can be better than that. So, super cool times, but obviously early.
Marc Casper: Yes. I mean, I can't wait until May 18. It'll be super cool. We're going to have it back in person. It'll be a great way to showcase our team and showcase the great things going on at the company. And we'll explain some of the stuff today in some more detail. And so it'll be very positive from that perspective. When I think about the business, right, we highlighted some of the macroeconomic dynamics, right? Because if you watch TV, you read the papers, you're on the internet, whatever it is that you get the external world, it's a bumpy time in the world, but when you get within our four walls right now, it is awesome. I mean, it is an amazing time of the company the momentum is huge. The customers are doing well, we are gaining markets share, and it is super cool. And so, when I think about that environment of delivering 16% core growth against, a very challenging comparison, right? I think from recollection, we had 53% organic growth last year, and I think 13% base growth, and we had bookings that were even stronger than our revenue. So it gives you a sense of how good things are and all the geographies, all of the end markets were actually quite good. Right. So, I feel good about the outlook. I feel good about the momentum we were able to de-risk the vaccines and therapies, even though, I think there are scenarios that is going to be above that sort of de-risk level. And so I think, the world is super positive and, when I think about the macro, I worry about our colleagues. Like I worry about our colleagues in China. I worry about our 300 colleagues in Ukraine. That's the kind of stuff that when I read about macro, that's really where my concern is. It's less about the business self associated with it.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of healthcare and diagnostics the core there was actually quite good. When I think about we had broad-based strength in terms of core growth there in the high single digits. So, I feel good about that. And there was obviously some level of COVID disruptions and things of that sort, but in aggregate, the results were strong across healthcare and diagnostics. And obviously we had less revenue in the testing, which is why the customer base is down, down roughly 15%, but underlying that the core is – was quite good and feels like that outlook will continue to be positive. Thanks for asking the questions.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Puneet, what I would say is the end market, pharma biotech incredibly strong with the mid-teens growth organically and if you – because we do everything on an organic basis in our end market description as opposed to a core organic, as it gets too confusing to think about all the history, but if you included the PPD numbers in that end market, it would be better than the mid-teens. So very strong orders which is a good indication, now the future is really strong, right? So the activity level is very good and the outlook is very strong. And when we have our – we've completed all of our business reviews and we talk about what are they seeing within those different customer base? Actually, the outlook is good. So one way to think about is at a company level, you take a long-term perspective, right? We say our 7% to 9% core organic growth. Pharma biotech will be above that, but when you kind of work your way through the math around the assumptions, it doesn't nearly need to be the rate that is growing at to drive 7% to 9% growth, right? We had a 15% growth in pharma and biotech, and we grew 16% in the quarter, right? So when you have strong growth in that end market given that it's a little more than half our revenue, it really flows through hugely. And given the last 10-plus years, even longer than that of the growth we've been able to deliver in pharma and biotech, I'm super bullish about what our outlook is. And I can even remember I was here with the patent clips like years and years and years and years ago, and we actually grew well through those because we helped our customers navigate productivity challenges that they were facing. That was a large pharma dynamic and a long-time ago, but we're so attuned to our customer needs we helped them through it. So that's how I think about it, and I feel great about what the outlook is.
Marc Casper: No, actually the performance was very strong. I looked at obviously the other companies that reported. I feel good about our performance in the bio-production defined that that way. And we had good strength in cell culture media, purification resins, pharma analytics and single-use technology. So actually, no, there's nothing there that sort of we gleaned in terms of that some difference. So actually its quite broad-based to strength.
Marc Casper: Yes. We're still looking at how others performed in China in the quarter. So I feel good about our double-digit growth and team's doing a nice job and the momentum is broad base. So our customers do value the scale and the depth of capabilities that we have. Like we really create a spectacular experience for our customers in China, so it doesn't surprise me that the business is performing well and we'll help them navigate the very challenging time with the pandemic and then get back to business as usual as that wanes.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Matt thanks for the – thanks for the final question. Yes. So as Stephen said the Analytical Instruments business had a really good start to the year. Good growth and revenue and really strong growth in bookings. I would say that the one end-market that's really; really humming is what I call broadly the material science applications, semiconductor advanced materials, battery technologies, really very strong growth. That's not implying that the life science is very healthy and doing well, and the businesses are doing really well. But I'd say the continued demand and outlook for the material science related business is really strong and that bodes really well for the growth of our instruments business this year and into next. So that would be the thing I'd probably highlight.
Marc Casper: Thanks for the question today. And let me do a quick wrap up. So thanks everyone for joining the call. We're very pleased with the strong start and we're in a very good position to achieve another excellent year. And I look forward to updating you at our upcoming Investor Day on May 18th, and as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Thanks everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so Derik so let's think about the gross margins this quarter kind of another 47.5% level be slightly lower for the remainder of the year and still in the year in that kind of mid-40s. And I think what people are not fully baking in is the impact of PPD. That has sizeable change to the overall company's gross margin when you factor that in. And then FX is a little bit of negative in terms of the margin profile. But it's really the impact of testing coming down and then the benefit of having PPD in the business. I think that's probably the thing that's missing the most.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So, Vijay, so outline in the prepared remarks, the strength of the PPD business is going up to 11% for the year. So that would be a strong contribution and can you characterize the vaccines and therapies, and then we're offsetting that all of that from vaccines therapy and it increasing our guidance. So the core business is increasing $350 million in the raise. So going up to 8% to 9% strong performance. And that's obviously taking into an account and that switching back in the therapies to core, and offsetting the impact of the macroeconomic implications in China and situation in Ukraine.
Stephen Williamson: Yes, so roughly, Rachel, roughly half of that is related to China. And as Marc said it earlier on that China bounced back from the original depth of the pandemic pretty fast, and it's pretty resilient economy. So, we've learned from that to help our customers get a pack up and running where they've been out of the out of the workplace. And we're very focused on enabling that success when they're able to get back to positions of work.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So Puneet a great question. So I think about Analytical Instruments is we've had great bookings for few quarters now for the business, and as Marc mentioned at the beginning that really strength across all three aspects of that segment. And then I highlighted the two that the most significant contributors electron microscopy is in great position in terms of serving life science customers, as well as material science applications including very strong growth in semiconductor applications for, for that customer set, and a great growth in Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry as well. So it's a really broad-based strength across there and funding environment is been good for the end market.
