Marc Casper: Yes. So Matt, thanks for the question. In terms of the guidance change, the way that I think about let's start from the beginning of the year. I think it's the easiest place to start and we can talk about the Investor Day, right? So, you know, in terms of the market growth and the conditions there, right? Or what we're seeing is that China really slowed quite meaningfully in Q2, right? And that's actually somewhat surprising given the first quarter really started to rebound off of the zero COVID policies and there was government stimulus and all of a sudden Q2 really slowed down significantly and, you know, when I think about that. And then we're assuming that for the full-year, right, in terms that it's going to continue. We've seen customer caution, I mean, I think every business, when I say this is about life science tools and diagnostics. Businesses have been cautious this year on spend and it certainly manifested itself more meaningfully in Q2, particularly in biotech. And so when I think about it, about a point of our change in the growth outlook comes from China, about 3 points of it comes from customer caution. And within it, bioproduction is about a point or a third of the customer caution, passed back two-thirds across the rest of the business. You know, versus sort of what the analyst day and sort of, you know, the view in May, you know, we saw China certainly soft throughout the quarter. And in our business, the final month of a quarter is actually quite meaningful across all of our businesses. So while we certainly saw some customer caution in the beginning of the second quarter, June saw no bounce at all, right? So it just, you know, it's kind of flat through the -- you know, kind of flat through the quarter. So therefore, we just didn't see that view, which is why we've adjusted the outlook at this point in time.
Marc Casper: Yes, Matt. Thanks for the question. So when I think about instruments, we obviously entered the year with a strong backlog and we entered the quarter with a strong backlog. And the 10% growth is very strong performance. Orders were definitely softer than we expected in Q2 primarily driven by China, which is a large component of the business there. And therefore, I would say we would expect that the growth rate would become more muted as the year unfolds in the analytical instruments business as we continue to work down the backlog. Thank you, Matt.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Vijay, in terms of the phasing of the quarter, I think really what was -- different was June saw none of the normal quarter-end pattern. So it was very similar to April and May. That -- in my many years of doing this, that's unusual, actually, where the last month isn't a big step-up in activity. That's just the sort of the pattern of the industry a bit. So our assumption for the year is effectively that the market conditions that we saw in Q2 -- in aggregate, for Q2 continues to play out for the balance of the year. And you have all sorts of different comparisons within the different businesses versus the prior year and so forth. But we felt that the 0% to 2% market growth and for us, for the full-year, the 2% to 4% core growth would be an appropriate performance. I think maybe the best color that I can give you is sort of how we think about it, right? Our best view on what happened in the market is informed by looking at all of the competitors, peers that reported in Q1. Obviously, that goes well into May. All of our internal data about what's going on in the market, our extensive dialogue with customers and the few companies that reported so far, right? So that informs the 0% to 2%. The way we think about this and the standard is -- it's our job to gain market share. We put in 2 points of growth faster than that assumption. We're going to hold ourselves to that standard, meaning if we're too conservative on the market outlook, then we will have higher expectations of what good looks like in terms of the year, but that's our best view. When you look at the script and the comments that Stephen and I made, we made no comments about share gain in Q2, because when you deliver 2% growth, we're not going to pat ourselves on the back. At least looking at the first few companies that have reported, it appears that our performance is actually quite good and that we're growing faster. There's a lot of companies yet to report, but it actually looks like on a relative basis, we actually had a solid quarter of growth. So hopefully, that gives you some context of where things are, but we're going to keep studying it and make sure we got a good handle on our performance. And when we end ‘23, that we will be proud that we navigated the environment extremely well, deliver differentiated performance and set the company up for long-term success.
Marc Casper: Yes. So in terms of China, when I think about it, we had a decline on an organic basis a little over 10%. Core was about flat in terms of it, and I'm just trying to give some flavor. So you, obviously, have the COVID testing. What we saw in China -- and it was very different than what our team expected, what we expected. And if I think about that, that's an unusual comment coming from us. Actually, our leadership team from China came to the U.S. and the opportunity to sit down and chat with what are they seeing? So -- and I'm heading over to China in a few weeks as well for a week. So it's an important market. It really does feel like it is broad economic based. And -- so we saw that across our different businesses, not limited to one. Clearly, bioproduction was soft in China. So consistent with some of the other comments that you've heard from others. But we saw the slowdown really cut across the portfolio, if you will, and it seems to be economic activity. We always assume, hey, are we doing something wrong? Are we losing share? All of those things, because I think that's sort of the PPI discipline, which is fact-based, hold yourself accountable to a high standard, at least on what we're seeing, it just feels like customers got extraordinarily cautious in China, activity slowed and it showed up across the portfolio. And while I haven't had a moment to distract myself on some fun activities, I look forward to, at some point, some football and seeing if the Jets actually make an improvement.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Derik, it's a great question. So if I step back from the crystal ball for the which moment and say, what's the drivers here. This is an unbelievable industry with incredible tailwinds. And even since the Analyst Day, if you look about the progress on approved medicines that are going on and the cycle that, that creates of more funding to fuel the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. It's extraordinarily encouraging for the long term, right? So when I think about 4% to 6% market growth for the long term, as bullish as ever, right, in terms of that. When I think about the dynamics, most of what is going on is around the macroeconomic environment, not the life science tools, diagnostics, pharma services, right, in terms of caution in the economy, credit availability, all of that cycle higher interest rates and, therefore, less funding going into higher growth business, all of that dynamic is a macro within our own industry, you clearly have the pandemic unwind, right, that's shaking out. And as you look at the industry's numbers, and even if you look at our numbers, the pandemic-related activity will be relatively modest this year. So most of that will have washed out in the industry this year. So when I think about ‘24, as Stephen said, it's really going to be what's the macro, not the life sciences tools macro, that I think is the big driver. Because the science can be explosive. Great things going on in pharma biotech. There'll be great new discoveries. All of that will attract funding. It's just a question of, is this a kind of a stabilization year for the economy and then it balances? That's the bull case. Or is this a more prolonged period? And then that obviously is more of the bearish case on sort of what the macro is. While we won't have a perfect crystal ball as we get into our guidance in '24, we'll have a much better sense of what the conditions are we are navigating. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Marc Casper: Sure. So Derik, the way I would think about it is, if you go back to the beginning of the year and sort of how we talked about our guidance, pharma and biotech, right, as a company, as a reminder, our core organic growth was 14% in 2022. Within that, vaccines and therapies were essentially flat. So actually, the -- whatever the stripping that out, we actually grew faster than that. Pharma Biotech, incredibly strong in 2022. Our view was, while the market would be a good end market in 2023, but given the comparisons, it would moderate meaningfully. That's not a negative comment, it's just such an oversized growth and our very strong growth in the prior year period, we knew that growth would slow. And when you look at the Q2 results, you're flat and 5 points of headwind, which actually performed literally exactly as we had forecasted for the quarter. So kind of 5% growth, excluding the sort of vaccine and therapy runoff this year. That gives you a sense of what the sort of base activity is in that market, which actually is reasonable. It's slower than some other periods. But given the comparison, it actually is a reasonable view. In terms of the color and all of those things, pharma's doing fine, right, I mean in terms of what's happening there. And it's really biotech, every quarter that funding has been a little bit more challenged or not as strong as the past, companies get more conservative, because they think about what's their runway on spending, and that really picked up in terms of the headwinds in Q2 against an incredibly difficult comparison in the prior year period. The final point I would make here is that there are some green shoots starting to happen in biotech, right? In terms of new company formation, some of the funding, actually, Q2 started to show some signs of positivity. That, obviously, takes a while to flow through the numbers. But actually, that's an encouraging data point as well. Hopefully, that level of context gives you some of how to think about it.
Marc Casper: Yes. So when I think about customer caution, sort of, a macroeconomic view, you see that across all types of customers. So it's not limited to one segment. It's more pronounced than biotech, but we saw it in some industrial customers and certainly, we saw in some of the other customers that we serve, academic and government so forth. So it's not limited to one view. In terms of the growth where the impact and the change of growth is in the other segments, clearly, with -- our view is that the instruments business will slow in the second-half of the year. So that's probably one of the changes. And then some of the run rate activity that you would see in things like bioscience reagents or customer channels, which actually -- those are great businesses. We think customers will be a little bit more muted in spending. So it's really not pin to one area, but just a spread across the portfolio, probably with instruments feeling most of the impact.
Marc Casper: Yes. Jack, thanks for the question. So in terms of capital deployment and M&A, we've been active on return of capital, both through the increase in the dividend and the share buybacks earlier in the year. We've also been active on M&A, with closing the Binding Site to start the year. We're excited about CorEvitas. And we have a lot of firepower, and we're very active, right? I do agree with your sentiment that, in these periods, there are opportunities. So we're actively looking at a number of things. And we're only going to do transactions that fit our criteria, which is, ultimately, going to strengthen our offering from a customer perspective. It's going to clearly add shareholder value in terms of the returns that we generate from the transaction. So you'll see us be active. And whether that happens in terms of the second half of the year or into ‘24, we're certainly busy is the way I would think about it.
Marc Casper: Yes. So Pharma Services, really strong performance, in terms of growth and the way you'd characterize it as accurate. So very strong growth in that business. When I think about new wins and some of the things that we're securing for the future, the team is doing a nice job of building out a strong backlog for the future. So that business is in a good spot. When I think about the Tornado that hit in North Carolina, the good news is that nobody was injured at least in our discussions with the customer and they're assessing the issues from a market perspective. And we stand ready to help our customers as we do in any situation, and we never view that as a business opportunity. We always view it as we have very material relationships with our customers. And our colleagues are there to support them, and we will support in any way that is helpful as they work through the natural disaster. So thank you, Jack, for the question. And thanks, everyone, for the questions today. Let me wrap up with -- thanks for joining us. We're very well positioned to deliver and continue to deliver differentiated performance, which we'll do. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we'll keep you updated on our progress. Thanks, everyone.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So we provided a range of outcomes and what you thought about what the market conditions could be and when we think about what the pull through would be on the revenue and that range of outcomes, plus the activities we're working on the cost side. I think that's an appropriate range for EPS. And then the phasing first-half, second-half, clearly, a higher adjusted operating income margin in the second-half of the year and that's really largely driven by the impact of the cost actions. So of the $450 million, $75 million impacted the first-half and you'll have $375 million of benefit in the second-half. And then revenue is a little bit more weighted and look at the year as a whole to the second-half versus the first-half. That's the other piece that drives the profitability in EPS difference. Thanks, Dan.
Stephen Williamson: So Vijay, the decline will lessen on a reported basis because of the run-up in testing factor therapy is a little bit there in terms of the support of the pandemic that we did in the back half of the year last year. So we're assuming basically the same market conditions, not just China, but for the rest of the world, as well as we saw in Q2 for the remainder of the year.
Stephen Williamson: Dan, I can't comment on the Jets. But when I think about China, it is way broader than life science tools. This is a Chinese economy. They're clearly having problems getting that economy back up and running post-COVID. And they have a history of being able to do that. So -- but we're not counting on that for the remainder of the year as a way to frame it from a wider economic viewpoint. Thanks, Dan.
Stephen Williamson: Yes. So just broadly on 2024, when I think about what you need to do to model the company going forward, there's two factors. One is the jumping off point for the 2023 margins and then what's the macro conditions assumption you used for 2024. So obviously, on the macro, we're assuming that the near-term conditions stay the same throughout the remainder of the year. You will need to make your own assumption around what that market growth is for next year. We'll have more clarity on that when we get towards the end of this year and know what the macro conditions are like. So it's not macro within our industry, it's the macro in terms of the overall economic situation across the globe. So we'll have a clearer view on that towards the end of this year. As Marc said earlier, we'll hold ourselves to the standard of delivering a couple of points higher than what the market growth is when we think about that. So as you leave in what assumption you have, I think the assumption is we'll be driving a couple of points of share gain above that. And then from a margin standpoint, a normal assumption for the year, we start with 50 basis points of expansion on top of what we just ended the year. And then when you think about my guide for this year, will be some small benefit of the carryover of the cost actions into 2023 as well. So that will help you think about the margin profile for ‘24 at this point and provide you a more refined view on that when we give the guidance for ‘24 in more detail. Thanks, Dan.
