Marc Casper: Yeah. Jack, thanks for the question. When I think about the long-term guidance or our long-term targets, what's underlying it is 4% to 6% growth, right? I don't think there is any controversy -- market growth -- 4% to 6% market -- I don't think there is any controversy that we're going to grow meaningfully faster because if you look at the last 10 or 15 years, we've delivered superior organic growth and it keeps getting better and better relative to the market, right. So, the spread of 2, 3 points better than that, that's not in question, right, so at 4% to 6%, you get to the 7% to 9%. When I think about my 20-plus years in this industry, thinking about what the historical growth is, what the drivers are for the growth, I feel 4% to 6% long-term market growth is actually the appropriate number that the things that the industry are going through now do not change my view that the long-term health of this industry is exceptionally bright and that you will see that return. And I can't call when exactly that returns, but what I can say is that the unmet healthcare needs and all the drivers that we talked about at our Analyst Day remain extraordinarily bright for the future. So thank you, Jack.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So, Dan, thanks for the question. I think the way that Stephen and I thought about giving an early view to 2024 is not based on us having finished our operating plan process which we do in December, and then when we actually lay out guidance, we do it based on how did the year finish, all of the details by business, by geography and then we figure out the details. We took the benefit of each of us having 20-plus years of experience in the industry, looking at the market conditions that we see today, and basically went through the assumptions of how could 2024 play out based on what we know today, right? So this is not a bottoms-up view by country, by geography and by business unit, but rather based on experience and based on what we're seeing. So when I think about for us next year, all right, we try to give you incredible clarity about what's COVID in our numbers, right? So we're expecting a run-off of $1.3 billion of COVID-related revenue in 2024, that would leave $300 million of revenue in 2024, of which we have a pretty good line-of-sight to what those activity is, right? So that's the first assumption. And then the second assumption is effectively what's going on in the base business, meaning, excluding the COVID-related business, and that should be a little bit over 3% growth, right? So if you think of those two factors, that's how you get to a core number of one. Remember that testing is part of the decline. So that's the set of assumptions. So then there is another lens to think about it, which is comparisons, right, or the -- we're going to lap the customer caution, different businesses at different points in time, but the first half will have more difficult comparisons, haven't fully seen the effect of caution. The second half, you actually get to more --you're back to kind of moderate growth in that period of time just based on that factor. And then we look at some of our businesses like our insurance business, which had the benefit this year of the disruptions from supply-chain in 2021 and 2022, and we're able to catch-up on orders that needed to be shipped and that gave us a little bit of a benefit of growth this year, of which, that obviously doesn't repeat next year. We factored all that in and we said, core is pretty similar to what it is next year. We look forward to actually doing the detailed guidance at the end of January, early February when we have our earnings call, and we'll have all of our puts and takes and be a lot smarter. But we wanted our analyst community to be aligned with what we're seeing today because there's quite a big disconnect in the numbers that are out there for 2024 relative to the numbers that we articulated today.
Marc Casper: Dan, I think your fellow analysts are throwing tomatoes at your building today. You're asking 19 questions in that one, but I'll start at a high level and leave some of this for others. Let me break the pharma -- biopharma into what revenue was in Q3 and then a little bit of -- some of the underlying dynamics. Actually, the revenue in the quarter was incredibly similar to the prior quarter, right, in terms of how we actually performed. We declined 1%. And looking at that, the long-term outlook here is strong. We talked about that in an earlier question. Effectively, customer caution increased a bit. You'll see that more pronounced in biotech and pharma, but you see it across the customer set. That's more of a forward-looking look. I think the thing that probably is most relevant and why we think about our fourth quarter the way we do, one of the things that we assumed in our previous guidance was that in our bioprocessing business, that orders would stabilize, start to normalize in the third quarter. We did not see that, right? Obviously, what's the single biggest driver of the same factors in Q4 versus what we talked about really is bioproduction. We didn't see that normalization of orders. In general, that business operates on a roughly 13-week lead time. So if you don't see the orders in Q3, you're not going to see the revenue step-up in Q4. So hopefully that's helpful in terms of framing. I’m sure I’ll get some of the other ones in future questions.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So they're great questions. So let's talk about clinical research one level above and then I'll give you some of the answers to the question you have. All right. So we are almost at the two-year anniversary of the acquisition of PPD, which closed in early December of 2021. Business is doing great, right, and it's been a terrific acquisition. It is a terrific acquisition with a bright future. If you think about what the moment-in-time was in December of 2021, PPD had done a great job of growing its core sort of normal business and played a leading role in supporting the clinical trials for vaccines and therapies, just a phenomenally relevant set of capabilities, which is part of the reason we knew how great the business was and how respected it was in the industry. Since our ownership, we've modeled in that this would be a declining portion of the business. It's actually been a headwind through all of our ownership on core organic growth, right? So if I think about -- so our core organic would actually been higher than if we didn't include it. But our view was, this business' end-market growth was really good and we're just going to grow through it and it was factored into our guidance. Obviously, as customer caution has increased in pharmaceutical and biotech, the rates of growth in our non-COVID business slows. And we wanted to ensure that our investors understood that that was actually quite healthy, but we're going through the run-off on vaccines and therapies. To give you the magnitude of the number, what is embedded in our 2023 is a $600 million decline in revenue for vaccines and therapies, and it also happens to be $600 million of activity in the year. So that's this year, and as opposed to sort of take or pay or those things, clinical trials are different, but you have patients enrolled, you go through it. So that revenue will run off in an orderly fashion over the next couple of years in the outlook that we gave of $300 million of total revenue for all pandemic related. Some of that -- most of it is actually that work in clinical research. There's a little bit of take or pay in pharma services and nominal amount of testing. So hopefully that gives you a good sense of the dynamic there.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So obviously, we'll get into some of that. We don't even do it by business unit in our guidance. So -- but I can give you sort of direction how to think about it. What we have said at the time of the acquisition and what we've said consistently is the long-term growth expectation for this business is high-single-digits plus the benefit of synergies. And that hasn't changed in terms of the long term. Our assumption has been that it would step down from the 20% and then sort of double-digit growth to that, and then actually it will step down below that and bounce back up just on the math of the COVID -- the COVID activity run-off over the next year or so. So hopefully, that helps in terms of how to think about modeling it.
Marc Casper: So, Rachel, thanks. Let me start with China. And I think it's really relevant for the community to understand our view on what's going on in China, right? So first of all, it was great to return to China, which I did in August. And actually came away with -- and way more encouraged on the long term. So let me give you a little bit more detail on it. I went to China with two different hats. One is the Chair of the US-China Business Council, where I had the opportunity to interact with senior members of the Chinese government, including the premier. And then I also did my normal thing of being CEO of Thermo Fisher Scientific and had the opportunity to see our colleagues, visit sites and see a lot of customers during that process. So this is what I came away with from my visit. Economy is definitely challenged, and the conditions are worsening, and we saw that worsening during the quarter. The government is actively working to boost business confidence and create a stronger environment for foreign investment. So when I think about the kind of the macro picture, short-term, definitely a challenge from a macro-economy. I was pleasantly surprised that a real focus on a better environment for foreign companies, which bodes well for the future. When I think about the outlook here, we definitely saw the impact of the declining economy in the results and we would expect that that will continue. And we can't predict exactly when the market will do. But we know that the comparisons get easier in the second half for China as we lap some of the comparables -- or the more challenging comparables. When I think about phasing for the year and all of all of that stuff, we look forward to doing that in beginning of 2024.
Marc Casper: So I'll probably keep it at a pretty high level. Awesome quarter in Analytical Instruments, 8% growth. Team is doing a good job. Our electron microscopy business, really performing extremely well. And great to see the uptake on Astral, which is our breakthrough mass spectrometer, which we launched in June. So those are the highlights. Our guidance for this year and our framing for next year reflects the customer caution and the non-repeat of some of the -- working through the disruptions of the pandemic on supply chain. So that's embedded in the outlook for the year.
Marc Casper: Yeah. So Puneet, thanks for the question. And, so when I think about the M&A for this year or M&A even in general, the criteria that we use, right, is M&A that's going to be highly valued by our customers, strengthen our strategic position, generate strong returns for our shareholders. And you look at what the different opportunities are and you think about it in different periods of time where it's going to skew in your favor. And this year, with a more volatile macro, we've been able to add three phenomenal businesses, right, in terms of strengthening the company with incredible growth prospects, really good return profiles. So that doesn't mean that next year will look exactly like this or years where you can buy companies that are really more of a balance of cost and revenue growth in those different things and different aspects of it. But this year, to be able to get the Binding Site, CorEvitas and Olink, it's fantastic. And when I think about Olink, which, this is our first opportunity given that we had announced it during a blackout period, it's just a terrific fit, right, and you think about it's a leader in a business that has gone through that phase of being well adopted, right? So the technology risk isn't here anymore. But it hasn't globally commercialized. It hasn't reached nearly its full potential and incredibly complementary to our leading position in mass spectrometry and proteomics. And Puneet, thanks for reminding others about our 15-year plus track record with Orbitrap. Astral being the next big many year run and the combination there, plus Olink, and the fact that we have a leading position in the life sciences instrumentation, which are very relevant in terms of qPCR for these products as well. Really exciting. They are a leader in their field and we're excited to help bring that to the customer base in an accelerated fashion. And when we look to the future, we expect this to be a long-term, mid-teens-plus growth business and be able to generate really significant adjusted operating income synergies driven by that accelerated revenue growth, right? And on top of that, just $125 million of earnings that come from the year five synergies, and that's going to generate double-digit returns for the shareholders. So super exciting time, and we'll continue to be outstanding stewards of our shareholders' capital.
Marc Casper: So good question. When I think about the -- it's primarily a bioproduction story. And I don't think anyone is smart enough to know exactly which quarter. But during 2024, do I think that we will get back to orders matching revenue at some point during the year? Yeah. So I think that we'll be smarter with the benefit of another three months of time to see what our view is on 2024. But I don't think we'll be talking throughout the year about inventory reduction in the customer side because there's activity that's going on currently that's consuming the inventory that's out there. Great. So let me bring to just a quick wrap up for the call. Thank you for joining us today. We're very well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated performance. And as always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to updating you in the new year.
Stephen Williamson: No, I wouldn't think about the long-term interest rate. I think from a funding standpoint, I think there's a spread between interest rates and then what the kind of return we people are going to get on an investment. And as the valuation expectations moderate for our customers, that, I think the funding will start flowing better going forward. The timing of that will still be played out, but the return profile and the successful investment in biotech is still incredibly compelling. So long term, that will moderate appropriately.
Stephen Williamson: Yeah. But, Rachel, that kind of set up what I put in the prepared remarks, is kind of a mirror image of this year as a starting point, kind of more challenging in the first half and then modest growth in the second half. Thanks, Rachel.
Stephen Williamson: And then Rachel, just on the kind of the additional kind of weakness we saw in China in Q3, some of that came through in revenue in Q3, but it's going to be more in terms of revenue in Q4 because of a lag in terms of bookings profile for an instrumentation business. So that's part of that dynamic of why Q4 is more impacted by the change profile that we saw in China.
Stephen Williamson: So, it’s Steve. Thanks for the question. So when I think about the margin dynamic in that segment, yeah, mix is -- when you think about where the more challenging environment is in terms of customer caution and China, that impacts the lab products business and then the wider customer caution also impacts our channel business, so relative to the other business in that segment, where the mix profile comes from. In terms of productivity, it's about -- we've been rightsizing the cost base within our lab products business and given the volume change. So that's where the majority of that is. And then just good spending wisely across the whole business, but those are probably the two main factors to call out. Thanks, Eve.
