Jon Puckett: Thank you, Derrick, and welcome to the Celanese Corporation First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Jon Puckett, Vice President Investor relations. On the call today are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steven M. Sterin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room today are Doug Madden, Chief Operating Officer and Mark Oberle, Senior Vice President Corporate Affairs. The Celanese Corporation First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release was distributed by business wire this morning and is posted on our website, Celanese.com.  Powerpoint slides referenced during this call are also posted on our website. Both items were submitted to the FCC in a current report on FORM 8-K. During this call, management may make forward-looking statements concerning, for example, Celanese Corporation's future objectives and results, which will be made under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The limitations inherent in such forward-looking statements are detailed in the earnings release referenced during this call. Celanese Corporation's First Quarter 2012 earnings release references the performance measures, operating EBITDA, business operating EBITDA, affiliate EBITDA and proportional affiliate EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share and net debt as non-U.S. GAAP measures. For the most directly comparable financial measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our financial statements and for a reconciliation of our non-U.S. GAAP measures to US GAAP figures, please see the accompanying schedules to first quarter earnings release posted on our website, celanese.com. This morning Mark Rohr will briefly review the performance of the company and Steven Sterin will provide an overview of the business results for each segment and the financials. We'll have a question-and-answer period following with Mark, Steven, and Doug following the prepared remarks. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mark Rohr. Mark.
Jon Puckett: Thanks, Steven. We have a lot of people on the line today, we ask that you ask one question with one follow-up and then get back into the queue. With that, Derrick, I'll turn the call over to you.
Jon Puckett: Okay. Thanks for your time this morning and I'll be around today to answer questions. Appreciate it.
Mark Rohr: Thanks, Jon, and welcome everyone to today's call. It's a pleasure to be here and I'm honored to be joining as CEO of Celanese and we all look forward to your questions after our remarks. Before I get into a few details on this quarter, I'd like to highlight some recent accomplishments that we are particularly excited about. In March, we received key government approvals to produce ethanol for industrial use at our Nanjing facility. This is a significant milestone as we move the coal-based ethanol opportunity closer to reality. Additionally, continued advancements in TCX catalyst technology, have allowed us to expand the capacity of this plant by 30% to 40% without capital addition, getting us to about 275,000 tons. We have begun construction and anticipate this unit will be operational in the middle of 2013. I also want to mention the completion of the acquisition of several product lines from Ashlands for our emulsions business. I'm very impressed with the new product improvements we've made in this segment and this acquisition helps us continue to advance the value of the business. As we end the quarter, Moody's Investor Services and Standard and Poor’s rating services, both raised our outlook to positive. Balancing growth objectives with debt reduction and cash distribution in a way that move us to investment grade is important to me and to the Celanese leadership team. For the quarter, I'm pleased to report net sales $1.63 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year period and 1% over the fourth quarter. Diluted EPS from continuing operations came in at $1.15 per share, that an increase of $0.28 per share, approximately 32% over 2011 and it's an increase of $0.54 per share and approximately 89% over the fourth quarter. Adjusted earnings per share, which excludes these tax credits and other charges and adjustments, were $0.72 per share. These earnings are down $0.24 per share from the first quarter of 2011 and up $0.14 per share or $0.24 sequentially. Our year-over-year earnings were impacted by weakness in the acetyl chain that is a reflection of soft demand in China and Europe, which ultimately led to over supply in Asia outside of China. Demand prices and margin were all impacted as a result. We saw similar softness in some advanced interim market segments driven by weak automobile builds in Europe, which is classically a very strong segment for Celanese. Weakness in the industrial electronics sectors also were beyond our expectations. In addition to these economic impacts that I mentioned, we continue to see strong raw material inflation trends. They keep pushing the need to drop pricing. In 2011, we saw raw material cost increase $280 million year-over-year and we expect raw materials to rise another $100 million to $110 million this year. Some of this inflation pinched our margins this quarter and while I believe we are taking steps to overcome these costs, it nonetheless represents a challenge for us. In spite of these near term challenges, we are working hard to deliver on our earnings commitment for the year and to be honest we are seeing some favorable trends. But to help overcome the slow start, we have focused on items we can control. So let me give you a few examples. First, we are concentrating our customer-facing efforts to make certain we are taking advantage to opportunity to draw a profit and grow. We have done a good job of this historically, but I'm challenging our leadership team to get even closer to our end-market so we can better expect their needs and meet them. Second, we need to run our plants to draw profitability and if margins are below a level that makes sense, we'll take actions needed to improve our financial performance. We found ourselves in this situation during the first quarter and have idled our 600,000 ton Singapore facility as a result. And third, we have historically focused on productivity and cost initiatives across the company to maximize value. We now have an increased focus on variable costs and process technology improvements. I believe we can further enhance our performance this year and create value for our stakeholders that will offset some of the market volatility. By focusing our team on things they can control, my goal is to not only continue to generate great results, but to accelerate the trajectory of earnings growth and shareholder returns as we go forward. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve Sterin.
Mark Rohr: The plant is still idle as we speak, David. I think if you broadly look at it, Singapore is a competitive plant. I just want to say that there was a lot of disruption in Asia outside of China. We had a lot of asset going into that market as slow downs occurred in some of the base markets around the world. It was really a situation that we felt we should just stop participating in that market and really start signaling our intent not to sell material at these prices. I think that's been a good financial move for us when we look at it. I think we have had some good response, pretty quickly from our customers, relative to that. That is the situation we are in. As soon as we can see a situation where margins have returned and demand has returned in a balanced fashion, then we will bring it back up. Until then, we will keep it idle.
Mark Rohr: Well, it's important that Celanese maintain its position as a low-cost producer, and so we're investing a lot of money to keep that position. We just went through a gut check to validate that, looking at every site around the world versus our capability, and we still firmly believe we command that position. I think the real question from me is do you want to still keep pushing that cost cover. We simply want to just run this business to make sure we maintain that position but draw profitability. And that's currently what we're focused on. I don't think you should look at this as a seat change that we're not going to over time maintain our percent of market share. But you should look at it as we're going to make investments to extract higher value from asset and through the Acetyls chain. And if that means that we need to audit one plant, redirect product in a different direction, we'll certainly be doing that PJ.
Mark Rohr: Kevin, this is Mark. The big pinch that we saw in the first quarter really related to the sloppiness in that market. Doug kind of outlined and saluted the P stock basis here which isn't as stable as it's been perhaps in the past. But that wasn't his primary reason. The reason was that the market was just so sloppy that we pulled it out.
Mark Rohr: Oh, yes. I don't think that plant's going to be down forever, if that's what you're saying. I think that clearly it's a little bit of a temporary situation. But we'd like to see the demand pick up a bit. So the broad market is served which is back into China. You really would like to see that market improve a bit before you bring it on.
Mark Rohr: Yes, Kevin, I will. There's just a lot going on in this segment. It's all really, really good stuff, starting with Houston, of course, for bringing on our demonstration unit. I was just down there visiting with the team and the RD team, and that should be running in the June/July timeframe, so hopefully you can make it down in September and you guys will get to see that unit. The breakthroughs in technology I mentioned are spectacular. We've already materially advanced this technology, and we'll have advanced in time to take advantage of that in Nanjing, where our plant is now also under construction. We'll be running a next summer kind of timeframe. Beyond that, we're looking at the next expansion step. We're not ready to announce anything yet, but I can just say there's a lot of activity underway there. So on the industrial side we have a hard push, and that seems to be materializing as we forecasted. If I rolled it, now looked to the fuel side, we have tremendous activity underway in China working with the major players there and the provincial governments there to find a way to move into that market. And I don't want to be too specific there, but I'll just say we're making lots of progress with our technology being validated by third-party sources in China that are giving tremendous credibility to the virtues of ethanol and our ethanol process. In the U.S. we have Olson's bill is out there, and we're continuing to work with both the House and the Senate to look for venues to advance that legislation in a way that would open up a window of opportunity for us. It's certainly too early to call that, and to be frank I don't think anything is going to happen this year with that, given the political situation in Washington. But we're really posturing ourselves to be ready to hopefully roll something through next year.
Mark Rohr: Rob, I think that's a great question. We're certainly in a deeper hole in the first quarter than we anticipated. If you go back, even before that, as everyone saw, business sort of dropped off at the end of last year, with the recession in Europe primarily, and the slowdown in China, as they go through a political transition there. You've got this wave of poor economic news that's kind of rolling through the system. We are seeing some favorable movement, clearly, in the Acetyl arena that gives us confidence we're going to move back to more of a historical level, there in the second quarter. Still, some struggles in some of our other businesses, though, that are more directly tied to the economic situation, particularly in Europe. So when you add up, to get to the numbers that are out there for the year, we've got to produce a second half that's roughly equal to the first half. And you know in the first half, we got a one-time dividend that rolls through that's roughly $0.40 of earnings. So we've got to go out and find $.40 of earnings. So if you get back to normalized business, we've got to go find $0.40. Three ways to tackle that. You can tackle that with volume, and I talked about the things we're doing to make sure we've got every opportunity out there when moving material to the customers, that want to. We can do it through margin, and Doug mentioned our steps there to drive margin sequentially through the business.  And we can do it through cost. When we add up the things we have there on the plate, pushing there, we can get maybe two thirds of that, or so. I think we are dependent on the back end of this year being pretty good, and we're going to have to go out and find some stuff, roughly $.40 or so, to make that number, and we have a lot of that work underway. But it's going to be a push, Rob, for us to do it.
Mark Rohr: No doubt about it we’re strong there. The number that's being floated around is $4.70 and, if you look, we did this last quarter, and what folks think we were going to do this quarter, you get in the $2.30 kind of range. So we've got to roll that again. And you know, in this business, when you look at the data, the fourth quarter has been kind of weak, historically, for some of these markets, so we've got a lot of heavy lifting to do to make that $4.70. So we've targeted some things to do, but you shouldn't think it's a slam dunk. We've got a lot of work to do to get it, and to be perfectly honest, we don't have a clear line of site exactly to that number that's out there.
Mark Rohr: I think the its hard to...well, let's say it in another way, I mean, the natural gas situation in the United States is really just a great breakthrough in technology, but it’s also foretelling, I think, of what's going to be a very long period of attractive pricing here in the U.S. And, so, yes, we're certainly taking a look at that and seeing if we can take advantage of it.
Steven M. Sterin: Yes. As Mark said, we can get good line of to $5.50's and given the current slower economic market conditions. The $6.00 that we have always talked about also included some assumptions on use of cash, David, as you recall. As you look at where we should finish this year and next year with cash flow, given our strong cash generation, we should be in the neighborhood of the $1.5 billion of cash. We will continue to deploy that in a fiscally responsible manner to drive earnings growth and return to shareholders. Also, drive long-term growth as well.
Steven M. Sterin: Yes. I'll just add one comment. Our Singapore plant is a low-cost facility. It is one of the lower-cost out there. It is our highest cost facility in our network. Particularly when AOC is weak, we have in the past talked about that fact. We’ll manage our capacities if we find margins unacceptable then we will bring that plant down to maximize the profitability of the business.
Steven M. Sterin: Yes. That is one of the businesses where we have a little bit longer outlook, Edlain, on the order books. In the first Quarter, we saw weakness principally in Europe automotive. You have seen the numbers by now, auto-builds were down, low double-digits in Europe. That affected us in the first Quarter. We also saw weakness in, I would say, broad industrial applications as Europe moved into what appears to be a recession in the first Quarter. As we look forward to the Second Quarter, North America and Asia appear stronger on a sequential basis. Our early look is leading us to believe we will have sequential earnings improvement in that business.
Steven M. Sterin: If you look at AI specifically, let me first take you around the world and share with you how we think about it. We saw the pressure on raw materials, as Mark and Steven said. We have said our, contractually, in North America where we're able to have contracts that allow us to pass through generally a good amount of that, I think probably about 50% that's tied to contracts. Europe is a little bit more freely negotiated, although we do have some protection, probably more exposure there. You see that principally in ethylene. I think as a general statement where we've seen the real run up is on the ethylene side, so the downstream derivatives that consume it through our chain. Then in Asia, as you know, it's a more transactional environment, so you're driven there not only by raw materials, but frankly by supply and demand. And where you see the pinch that we're referring to, particularly in Asian margins dropping, is when you have a supply/demand imbalance, but you've got escalating raw materials. Typically those are businesses that have lagged because of that, a quarter or two in the recovery of it, but generally speaking we continue to push and to press for price increases out in the marketplace.
Steven M. Sterin: Yes, that business uses VAM as one of its raw materials, and on a sequential basis you saw the VAM prices were a little bit lower in some of the published data, so the business tends to hold it for a short period of time.
Steven M. Sterin: Yeah. PJ, when we have a significant outage that's caused by some form of disaster, actually it was due to lightning, that we think we have either an insurance or a legal claim that we can make against that, we'll exclude the direct charge, which is the $10 million that you were referring to. Then when we receive the insurance proceeds or the legal settlement, we exclude that as well. That's what the $10 million is. That's the direct cost that we had to incur as a result of the strike. Set that aside for a minute, and the $20 million to $25 million is different. That was the volume impact that we expect to see EBITDA basis shift from the first quarter to second quarter which we obviously don't adjust that. That shows up as it shows up. The good news is we were able to get about $10 million more volume out in the first Quarter than we thought we'd be able to. We got the plant up and running a little bit faster than anticipated. The first quarter had that volume benefit and then as we move forward to the second quarter, we'll make up the rest of the $25 million. So on a sequential basis, you'll see volume improvements in that business because of the outage.
Steven M. Sterin: If you look at the overall balance, as Mark said, we've got the base raw materials we need to produce the product. We've got a fixed amount of Syngas. So what we'll do is, we'll actually cut back on production of other products like acetic acid and make ethanol. Which will on a net basis, improve the profitability of the site.
Steven M. Sterin: Kevin, I think we shared with you in the past when we look across the system. We run a slate of different feed stocks into there, across our system. Some natural gas, some that could be oil based, some that's coal based. In the case of Singapore, it's an oil base feed stock. It is a heavier feed stock. You're absolutely right and your memory is great. As we take a look at it, there's been some pressure. We've all seen the run up in oil and where that has gone. So some of that is there. The other part of that is as Mark explained, is we saw the oversupply situation as well that weren't meeting our expectations on the margin. Relative to the second part, yes, we look at that site. We're developing today some options about what we think we can do. Nothing near-term, nothing imminent, nothing that can be done in the short-term. But we continue to look at different options there that give us even better optionality for the site. Over some period of time, we hope that we can do something there.
Steven M. Sterin: Frank, so if you kind of walk it at the beginning of the quarter, as you would imagine, particularly with  Chinese New Year. You tend to be rather light going into the New Year and you see it ramp up as you come out. I would say across the Quarter, utilization, probably in the mid- to high-70s. As we come out of Q1 going into Q2, you have probably 20% to 25% of industry capacity out today, both largely planned, some unplanned. You start to see that utilization in the Quarter ramp up substantially. Probably high-80s is where you end up to, maybe pushing a 90% near-term through the quarter.
Steven M. Sterin: I'll answer it this way, we would look for demand to substantially improve and to be able substantially increase. Historically, that is the plant that earns back 15% to 20%. If you look at the kind of margins it generated historically, we would want to return back to probably low triple-digit margins that are out there.
Steven M. Sterin: I think I got it, Mike, but tell me if I didn't get your whole question. Yes, one of the things we did expect was AI to offset, the full impact of the margin expansions that we saw in the middle of last year with volume. Obviously that the first quarter challenges that we saw in Asia outside of China, as well as Europe, generally being weaker, that's going to be more of a challenge, and that was what Mark was indicating when he's talking about the full year. CS, obviously we did indicate that it's going to up for the full year, and we had previously thought it would be closer to flat, so that helps offset some of the Delta. And then, as Mark said, we've got a number of other areas, whether it's AEM or across our portfolio, that we're driving, getting closer to the customer, identifying where we've got opportunities to drive price increases, as well as looking at our overall cost structure and making sure we get productivity that covers any shortfalls in the market.
Doug Madden: Edlain, we actually think it's an opportunity. If you look around the industry and you read the same things we do that are out in the public domain, clearly there is a concern about it. Early indications are that it doesn't affect auto production. Frankly, given some of the products that we have and the capabilities, we see it as an opportunity for us to place some of our products. We are in the process right now of doing it. Near term, no issues. It sounds like it’s a "Stay tuned" as the industry wrestles with it. We believe there will be some expedited specifications that will have to be granted in order for the industry to continue to produce.
Doug Madden: Same thing. Remember in that model we typically had lagged on the way up. We lag on the way down, as well, and they saw a couple of things. One is they saw some price movement in the quarter on a year-over-year basis and certainly sequentially, and we got some raw material benefits that we're lagging, as well, principally out of Q4 sequentially into Q1.
Doug Madden: Yes, it definitely includes the Spondon costs. On D&A we are going to be up a little bit this year versus last year because of the start up of the new capacity that we've got in Germany for our advanced engineer materials business, as well as in China. So you could think somewhere around 290 to 300 on D&A.
Doug Madden: Frank, that's a lot of specificity to get in to. It is our highest cost plant and it depends on the circumstances of what oil prices are doing and a host of other factors to actually go through that math. I guess I would just ask you not to condemn this plant as being a plant that can't compete. We could be out there today and making positive margin today with it, but we really think it's the right thing for us. We are convinced that it is actually driving enhanced profitability for us by having it down at this point. Just to take it from my point of view, I would like to see that business in that region, volumetric demands in that region, pick up a bit where there is more stability in the market before it's back out there again.
Doug Madden: Yes, you know, the key milestone was getting permits approved, because it's all within our control now, so our degree of confidence goes up. I think here in the next few months the core light startup is a key milestone that I would look for, and then we'll get this plant up and running by the middle of next year. If that changes, we'll let you know.
Doug Madden: Yes, the simplest way probably to answer that is if you look at the quarter. Ashland really had a very minor impact, very low single-digit impact into the numbers. So as we look forward, it's complementary to the business. I think we've been public on the size of it. I think it's somewhere in adding in the range of $40 million to $50 million of top line growth into that business on a full annualized basis. Having said that, we don't complete and have the full annualized impact though until 2013, given some of the integration issues and certain arrangements around the transaction and the transition of that business. So think about a top line $40 million, $50 million on a full-year basis 2013.
