Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, thanks for the question John. I think what is clear to us as we were saying throughout 2019; we were seeing a lot of destocking in the auto chain. And so we went into 2020 with much lower inventories in our estimation than is typical in the entirety of that chain. And as we went through the first quarter auto was still running well certainly in the Western Hemisphere. And so we really have not seen any buildup during the time we were down and we've seen really steady demand consistent with or even actually a bit better than you've seen auto builds recover. So, I think what's different this time than maybe in past recessions or past downturn is just the fact that we had gone through a pretty significant period of destocking already in 2019.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So, the real impact in third quarter from rising raw material was ethylene pricing. So, we really saw ethylene pricing up throughout the entirety of the third quarter really in all regions of the world. I wouldn't say it's had a real difference in terms of our acetyl chain in terms of our activation. We really haven't seen that pass through to our Engineered Materials. It's not been an impact there really being a long supply chain in EM. But we did see the impact as you noted from our comments in the third quarter especially in acetyls. It really -- we also saw some increases in methanol and CO at the end of the quarter. And some of those increases we weren't able to pass through in pricing in third quarter, but would expect to be able to mitigate in fourth quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So, we really stopped talking a lot about project wins just recognizing that not all projects are created equal. And just because we had a lot of wins doesn't mean we were necessarily creating more value. But it is something we still try. I would tell you in the third quarter, we were well on target with the number of wins that we expected to have as well as with the margin expectations from those projects. So, as we go into 2021 I actually continue to expect to see the number of project wins going up. We've managed to build a lot in the pipeline do some really good work by our commercial teams working virtually and using new formats for us like webinars and that sort of thing. And so we're seeing the number of projects actually continue to go up as well as the value of projects continuing to build pretty significantly. I mean maybe just a few examples of wins we've had during COVID and more recently. So, as a result of one of our webinars we recently did one on electric vehicle batteries. We had over 200 customers a lot have attended that series of webinars across the region. And as a result of all the work being done during COVID, we've also had some really good placements so not just EVs which are booming, but also we've had a big contract for LCT into one of the leading electronics manufacturers which goes into smartphones and tablets and headphones. So our commercial folks are doing a great job continuing to find those areas of growth, continuing to find those areas where our unique technologies can really be applied at meaningful margins. And we -- it feels very good for us going into 2021 with some of the wins we've had this year and have teed up for next year.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So I think in terms of share repurchases yes, we did start prior to the actual close because obviously we could see the close was in sight. So we wanted to go ahead and get in the market and start those share repurchases and spread them out over a longer period of time. As a result of that clearly we're in really good financial shape. We've been quite active looking at M&A. On the positive side, we've had most of our management team together now since June. So we've been able to use that to really reset our sights on M&A do a broader look at M&A targets. I would say we have not a short list but a pretty well-defined list of those things that we're interested in both from a bolt-on standpoint as well from a larger more transformational M&A standpoint. We do see the market starting to get better as people stock prices are improving. The discussions can get more serious. People are I guess feeling better about getting value for their assets. So the discussions are ongoing, but as we all know this takes some time. So I think yes it's probably well into 2021 before we'd be able to action anything.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So let me just start. If we look at fourth quarter, we actually see our volumes and pricing being up in fourth quarter on kind of the base materials. But we still do expect that December seasonality. So in acetyls maybe seasonality is happening today. If we look at snow happening in some of the western and northern states in acetyls, we typically see some drop-off in demand for emulsions and VAM and powders as we see a slowdown in the construction industry due to weather. And in Engineered Materials, we typically see not so much of a volume drop but more of a margin mix effect as we see Western Hemisphere companies take time off over the holidays. That volume is usually replaced by a pickup in China and Asia, but usually a slightly lower margin. So we still expect some seasonality in Q4, but on a growing base if you will of increased volume and pricing. As we look to 2021, look we have a lot of uncertainty right now with COVID. Our expectation is that 2021, we will continue to see growth and recovery back to 2019 level some time in 2021, so continued recovery out of 2020. The reason we provided the guidance we did is, we don't know exactly what that looks like. And given all the uncertainties around COVID in the world today, it's kind of hard to call that. So that's why we called out our controllable actions the things that we know will add $1.25 EPS over today's earnings. So if you took your expected earnings for 2020 at $1.25 I'd say that's pretty much the floor of what we'd expect next year. Maybe to put it in perspective, if you assume Q3 demand levels would persist for all of 2021 that adds kind of another $1 on top of that for volume growth and price growth. So we are expecting a more positive 2021. But again, just uncertainties around COVID right now, what that might happen as we see it going on in Europe in the U.S. we just haven't really put out a definitive outlook for 2021.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. I think the discrete things, Polyplastics call it roughly $10 million a quarter comes out starting now in the fourth quarter. So that needs to be taken into place. And then I think the really discrete things are what we called out in the earnings. So kind of $0.25 for productivity -- net productivity into next year; $0.50 for lower turnaround expense into next year that is for certain; and then another $0.50 for share repurchases half of that being for the repurchases we did in 2020 offset by Polyplastics and the other half being for share repurchases we plan to do in 2021.
Lori Ryerkerk: Well, yes, I think it's fair. I think the $500 million this year that we have -- or what we have remaining this year is really to remain accretive on our Polyplastics sale. So that will continue. And I would say for next year, the $400 million to $500 million we've allocated for next year is really the balance of cash flow following, CapEx following dividend payments. And Scott may want to comment further, but we generally like to remain in the market on a fairly steady basis regardless of the price and we don't really see that changing as we go into next year.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Great question, Vincent. What we really saw in 2Q were no elective procedures happening. And I think if you read Johnson & Johnson or anybody's release that would back that up. I mean just no elective surgery was happening in 2Q. So basically in second quarter everybody was sitting there with the inventories they had at the sudden shutdown in March of all elective surgeries across the U.S. which is the primary market this goes into.  And so we have seen in third quarter that elective surgeries are starting to rehappen. But what we're also hearing from our customers is people are using that inventory they've had sitting on the shelf waiting to see how fast this all comes back before starting to reorder.  Look it's not a long we carry inventory so it's not a long supply chain. They know we have it available. We are starting to see some slight uptick again in fourth quarter. So we fully expect this volume to come back across 2021 and 2022. I think it's not just the hospital being open. But again, these are generally older patients getting this. So it's also people being comfortable, either because there's a vaccine, or because they feel the virus is under control that people feel comfortable to go back to the hospital again to have these procedures.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So I would say for acetyls, I mean, all of our facilities are back up and running. We do have a short turnaround in Clear Lake. Actually that we're in at the moment. We had a short downtime in Singapore. So, a number of small maintenance downtimes that were planned into the numbers. But really, everything is up and running. All of our staff is back at full force. I would say, certainly for derivatives things are pretty much running at 100% to meet the demand. And in acid, we're running to meet demand as well. So we are fully staffed, fully ready to go and actually have seen for the last several months, the demand there is pretty much runs full. As we pointed out, I mean, for acetyls, we are just slightly under 2019 volumes already at this point in time.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So I was really just sorting that out as an example Mark -- Mike, sorry, as the range that we would expect to see. So, third quarter kind of being our best quarter this year, if we saw that continued next year that would get you the dollar. There are many multiples of the ways to get there. I would say though, as we look to 2021, I mean, we are seeing an uptick in asset prices in China. Today, up closer to kind of the mid $300 mark up from the $300 per ton we were at in third quarter. So clearly that's an upside in acetyls. As I said, we're already getting close to 2019 volumes in acetyls. The story there is really, when do we see utilization get tight enough we start to see some price recovery, which we think we're starting to see now. Again, some seasonality expected in derivatives in December, but we would expect that that's come back in January.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So we're predicting $400 million to $415 million of CapEx for next year. We're still finalizing that number, but I feel comfortable we should be well north of $400 million. It is to support organic growth as well as our run and maintain level of maintenance, which we typically have in there at around $150 million to $175 million. So, included in that number is the restart of the acetic acid expansion at Clear Lake. That happens at the end of 2021. It seems like the Bishop GUR. We've previously announced some expansion in our VAE and VAM facilities around the globe. So that number is built in there as well. So a lot of things that you've already heard about, but just really seeing them start hitting heavier capital next year.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes I think that's right. If you look at where we are, we guided to in the year somewhere $7 or slightly above $7. If you add on the $1.25, that is based on controllable actions that we outlined in the comments that gets you to $8.25 plus maybe a little bit more. And then if you consider some level of recovery against, as if it were Q3 for the year, you can quickly then get yourself to $9 or a bit north of $9 next year. Again, our big caveat on that is just seeing the resurgence of COVID and not knowing what that's going to do to market in Q4 and into next year. That's why we haven't called out a specific level of recovery.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So Ibn Sina is a quarter lag. So if you look at methanol prices they were very low levels in Q2. That's the additional $5 million sequential hit we saw this quarter from Ibn Sina. Now with methanol prices recovering, we would expect to recover that $5 million from Ibn Sina in fourth quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So, let me describe it this way. The accessible market for this material could be huge. The reason we went ahead and made the marketing announcement is we're at that point now we need to get material out to customers. We need to give them the chance to try it out. It is a more costly product than PE. That's why this hasn't really been a factor in the market today. But we also know that there are customers out there who are looking for a sustainable biodegradable solution who are less sensitive to the price point. But that's what we really -- that's why we made the announcement. We really are in the process of getting material out to customers. We've had a few small purchase agreements made for people who are going through trials. But we need more time frankly to find out what the price point is on this and what the demand is really for replacement of more traditional PE products.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So look we don't expect rising natural gas prices to have a really material impact on our business. It does have the potential to slightly compress margins. But this is the value of our global network. The fact that we can choose where to make the acetic acid where to sell it, we can flex our production levels, we can flex further down into derivatives, which are less raw material sensitive. So we really are not expecting any material impact from this in the fourth quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: So great question, Matt. I would say, look, when we first went into COVID I mean certainly it had an impact as one I think people thought this was not a long-term thing and so things were just put on hold for a short period of time. I would say all of our customers and ourselves included have now adjusted to the new world of COVID. And if anything we see the pace of innovation pick up. Again most of our folks are back in office and facility, so we've been able to do a lot of things for our customers. We also see our customers coming back and we also see them getting more comfortable with doing more remotely. So, again, going back to my previous answer on wins we are still seeing projects win. We are seeing high-value project wins and we feel very excited about the pipeline of wins in Engineered Materials for next year and the innovation that's gone into that. It really was helpful for us that at the end of 2019, we really focused our strategy on what we considered a few emerging trends around 5G and electric vehicles and medical and pharma and sustainable solution. And that focus on that innovation and keeping that pipeline strong through COVID is really helping us now as we move into recovery and we see those areas continuing to emerge as winning sectors.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So, the expansion that we announced in Bishop the 15 kt expansion should be online early 2022. It is really supplying our global network for electric vehicles. And at the current rate of growth in electric vehicles about 25% a year quite frankly that will be sold out the day it starts.
Lori Ryerkerk: No, not really David. I mean for us the headwind is -- does something happen to the economy because of a reemergence of COVID and that's why we haven't called out any specific projections for us in terms of volume and price growth. But no we intentionally pulled a lot forward into 2020 this year in terms of facility changes inventory draws all of those things to take advantage of the low-demand environment. So, we really don't see any major headwinds going into next year.
Lori Ryerkerk: David, I don't think I have an exact number. I mean I would say GUR has other applications besides EV. EV is certainly the fastest growing of those applications. And we expect electric vehicles -- the market for electric vehicles of which we are a pretty significant player in the lithium-ion battery separators to grow at about 25% per year for the next five years.
Lori Ryerkerk: Overall for -- we expect probably 10% growth. That's though for the company. I'm not sure I really have it specified between EM and AC. But we expect about 10% growth before the impacts of seasonality for volume and price going from third quarter to fourth quarter. And I would say what we're hearing from our customers I mean just if you look at our order book that's probably the easiest way to talk about this. If you look at EM October is showing some modest improvement over Q3 the average of Q3. November is pretty consistent with that. December is -- we don't have as much view on that yet, but it's still showing that same kind of level of modest volume growth. But again we get some margin impact in December. And so far I would say we have not really seen any indications of demand destruction associated with this second wave of COVID either in Europe or in the U.S.
Lori Ryerkerk: Well, I think you have to look -- I mean look 2020 was an exceptional year. We had exceptional headwinds. So we went into this year planning to get about $150 million of gross productivity. We bumped that up to challenge the organization to $200 million which we will get that this year. We also had another $30 million to $40 million of onetime costs. So if you look at next year in comparison, we're currently targeting for at least $100 million of productivity on a gross basis. That's actually pretty typical to the level we've achieved over the last few years, if you just -- if you don't look at 2020. So we put that target out there of $100 million. I'm quite sure we'll achieve that. It's a little -- it looks a little lower when you look on the EPS because you have to offset that with the onetime cost savings we had this year things like not running our facilities that's full and not having travel and those sorts of expenses. So we fully expect those costs will come back in 2021 as we see ourselves running closer to full. And so that discounts that EPS number a little bit. But actually the $100 million growth we have is pretty consistent with what we achieved most years. And of course, we'll push for more but $100 million is what we've baked in right now.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So for Polyplastics, we expect the after-tax proceeds to be something greater than $1.3 billion. We are repurchasing associated with that $500 million to assure there's -- the deal is accretive. We did do a portion of that in third quarter and we'll do the remainder in fourth quarter. Scott, you may want to answer the rest of the questions.
Lori Ryerkerk: So I would characterize it acetyls we are just 1% below our 2019 levels. So I would characterize it as we are running pretty full everywhere again. Maybe we don't run every acetic acid plant full every day. That's not how we run it. It's not our strategy. But we -- our downstream derivatives everything is running full. I mean in Engineered Materials we are within 10% of where we were in this quarter in 2019 which is a pretty full quarter. So with the exception of things that are down for turnaround are starting to go down for turnaround like the IPH POM, I would say all of our facilities are running full.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So as we said last quarter for -- we've talked about the acetic acid expansion in Clear Lake and optimization of our network to do that. We have delayed that expansion 18 months just in light of what lower oil prices and other things that make it attractive to continue to produce in other parts of the world. So that continues. So, no announced plans of what we're going to do with the rest of our capacity. And then in EM, we are continuing with a localization project in China. Again, a little bit of a change from where we were say half a year ago, and that originally we were looking at developing another site in China, in order to continue to expand both our polymerization, as well as our compounding and technology capabilities there. Due to some changes in Nanjing, which is where we have our other facilities we actually had some more land and facilities available to us. And so we've actually redesigned that project, if you will to take advantage of the efficiency of being able to expand on our existing locations. So those plans are continuing. You'll see more about that coming up. But those plans are continuing on a pace consistent with how we see the demand continuing to grow in China and the Asia region.
Lori Ryerkerk: Thanks. So, yes we just did announce the price increase. I mean, as with all these things they take a little while to work through. So, if you think about it, with increasing raw materials, with -- so especially ethylene, but also increasing raws like acetic acid and all those building block chemicals that go into polymers. We announced a price increase to try to get out in front of that to make sure we didn't have margin compression. So that's what goes behind the announcement. It takes us -- it does take some weeks or months to work through the price increase, depending on contracts, depending on everything else, but we do expect to see those price increases flow through as we move into the fourth quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So I would characterize that our volumes were down a little less than 10% year-on-year. If you look at all of our end markets from an industry basis that was -- that is still down 10% to 15%. So we're doing a little bit better, I would say than the end market. Auto we're down just 3%. Again, auto itself was down closer to 3% a little bit higher than that closer to 4%. We were helped thereby the fact that we think were aligned on good platforms like trucks and SUV in the U.S. and Germany, which has proven to be more robust as well as EV. Industrial is actually up a little bit year-on-year ,which has been a help for us. Electronics is pretty flat. But we are seeing appliances down year-on-year closer to that 10%. And medical, as we said is down about 15% currently year-on-year. So just really two sectors, I would say that have the biggest impact appliance and medical. But remember auto is the third, so even 3% down on auto is a fairly big impact for us.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Great question. I would say on -- sorry, let me answer the last question, first, because I've already forgotten your first question, because I've got to think about the last one. So for acetyl, what I think in the next five years, I would not expect a zero-carbon technology. I think, it's difficult to do. I mean, there are always ways gets to zero carbon through purchase of credits et cetera. I'm not sure yet. That's what our customers demand. That said, we constantly are looking at ways to reduce the carbon footprint of our existing facilities, whether it be through energy efficiency projects, the purchase of solar energy for our project like we've just done a big contract in Clear Lake; the use of bio-based methanols, which have a greener footprint. So we're constantly looking at ways to reduce our carbon footprint. I would just say at this point in time, we're not on track for a zero-carbon plant again unless we see a big change in demand from our customers.
Lori Ryerkerk: I would just add to that though. I think this is a little different than we did say several years ago which was all bottoms-up. We've added this overlay of themes because what we found is by waiting for the customers to come to us, we weren't necessarily getting to the right customer early enough in the development process to be their supplier of choice. So it has to be both going forward. It has to be bottoms-up as well as us looking at the landscape in the future and say what are the emerging themes and how do we make sure we're there from the beginning not waiting for someone to come to us.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Bhavesh, you may remember, we called this out in our earnings call in second quarter, which was that we did expect modest volume recovery which we saw a bit better than expected. But we actually expected fairly flat pricing. And the reason was we said we didn't see the fundamentals in the industry to support more pricing. And I think in fact that's what we saw. So we did see an increase in demand in China almost a 10% Q-on-Q increase in demand, but we also saw outages fall by a third. So then more supply came on to basically meet that demand. And as a result utilization in China was pretty flat right at that 70% level. And that's why we didn't think we'd see pricing increase and in fact why we didn't see the pricing increase.  Now as we move towards the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we are seeing raw material prices come up. That's starting to push prices up. Generally that results in slightly better margins. But I would say to really see a good strong price recovery we're going -- and margin recovery we're just going to need to see that utilization especially in China continue to improve.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, absolutely. And that's definitely part of our strategy which is to control as much of the chain as we can, so that we always have the choice not just geographically where to produce and where to sell, but also where in the chain to produce and sell. So if you look at our flexibility, we move anywhere from 40% to 60% of our acetic acid into downstream derivatives. And we flex that depending on what's more attractive.  And constantly, we try to -- we're continuing to build more VAM, more VAE, we bought Elotex. We continue to do things to give us more flexibility in that chain and more ability to move things around. I mean -- and a good example I think of that is, if you look this year -- this quarter sorry, third quarter, the amount of acid we sold into China was actually 20% less than what we sold in 2019 at the same time because of these kind of $300 per ton that wasn't attractive.  We moved that volume into derivatives in China, which had better margins and also into other regions of the world. And you can see that really as well in the total if you look at kind of the share of acetyl earnings that came from the very end of the chain emulsions and redispersibles last year that was around 15%. This year that's around 25%. So I think that just shows the -- just an example the flexibility that we have in the model to really move to where the better margins are whether it be geographically or acid versus derivatives.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. I'd have to see the data Frank to be fair. There's a lot of different numbers reported. We are not seeing that kind of return in terms of utilization based on the numbers that we look at.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. No there's -- we talk about lithium-ion battery separators because we are such a major player in that component and clearly that's the easy one to see. But frankly EVs in themselves are a great opportunity for the polymer space. I mean, so you think about the literally miles of electrical cabling, all of which needs connectors. That's a great opportunity for us. You think about how quiet EVs are, and the fact that now people don't want to hear all the squeaks and things that used to be covered up by the sound of the motor. So great application for things like POM that have really good tribology and can minimize the amount of wearing between components that lead to those squeaks. The electric vehicle has significantly more accessible polymer space if you will for us than a conventional vehicle, just in terms of because it needs to be light, in order to have range and all those things I just spoke about. So we actually have a lot of placements in electric vehicles for any range of components from interiors, to as I said, everything about the electrical system and more and more under the hood there as well. So it is a big space for us. We see -- continue to see it as a big opportunity and one as I said we've really been focused on since the end of 2019.
Scott Richardson: Yes, Jeff. The biggest chunk of the year-over-year other activities is that pension income component which is in the neighborhood of between $25 million and $30 million of benefit year-over-year. So that's the largest benefit. You have seen a little bit of movement up and down in other from quarter-to-quarter this year, particularly kind of hitting the low point here in the third quarter largely driven by timing of some compensation and benefits payments. We'll see a little bit of an uptick think about Q4 being slightly higher than Q2 was as we finish out the year. And part of it is just timing of when some of the stuff has come through.  So in the end, as we look forward into next year, we expect a slight uptick in underlying expenses and that will more than likely be offset by the Q4 pension adjustment. I mean, a lot is going to depend upon what happens with markets. We expect interest rates right now to hold relatively low. And if things stay where they are then we'll have a slight benefit in pension income next year, which as I said will probably be offset by some income or some expense increases.
Scott Richardson: Yes, Jeff, consistency has been exactly how we've operated when it comes to repurchases over the year. We have been opportunistic from time-to-time, but we like to have kind of a set level that we remain in the market. And that's what we plan to do here in Q4 as well as into next year based on -- with those levels that we outlined.
Scott Richardson: Yes, Mike, I think just to add. I think what's really important as we think about that is really contribution margin. And so we may see pricing move up as raw materials move up. So we've seen a lot of our fundamental raws increase here over the last two or three months. And if that were to hold these prices hold, so we really look at contribution margin. So you kind of -- the current conditions were to continue as Lori mentioned in the third quarter and what we're seeing here in the fourth quarter that dollar is the level you'd see.
Scott Richardson: Yes. And our teams are pushing hard on cost reduction capital as well Mike. And so, we're working to accelerate projects as we talked about earlier this year. And so embedded in that number is capital needed for some of the productivity gains that we called out in the prepared remarks.
Scott Richardson: But you won't see it flow through Hassan on the equity earnings line because it will be offset by the roughly $10 million or so that comes out from Polyplastics. So we just look at those two together down $5 million Q3 to Q4.
Scott Richardson: Yes P.J., we do take some short-term positions from time to time but nothing that I would say is long term in nature if you will.
Scott Richardson: Yes, it's a tough question David because there's a lot of applications where we have content on a vehicle that it doesn't matter if it's an ICE vehicle or if it's an EV vehicle. So, sometimes it's hard for us to partial that out. If we look at EV-specific applications, it's very low single-digits of the percentage of EM's revenue today.
Scott Richardson: Yes Ghansham we did have the tow plant shutdown that occurred at the end of 2019 which was kind of a big item as we started 2020 that's in this year's number. And we don't have an item that large as we go into 2021.
Scott Richardson: Yes. We -- our strategy Kevin on repurchases has been to do open market and that's our plan here in the fourth quarter, as well as for the $400 million to $500 million that we outlined for next year as well.
Scott Richardson: Yes. We did end up -- we built a little bit of cash Kevin just mainly for uses geographic mix of where we needed cash. So cash on hand increased by roughly about $100 million from Q2 to Q3.
Scott Richardson: Yes. And on your first question Laurence about the Engineered Materials growth programs, I mean this is our model. We work this. We're constantly working with our customers and evolving those focused areas and where we have our resources on innovation to be able to adapt to the changing landscape. So yes, today it's things like 5G electric vehicles sustainable and recyclable polymers. As we go over the next -- and really it's something we're evaluating really every year is where should our focus be and continuing to adapt. So yes, three, four, five years from now we will be talking probably about some different things.
Scott Richardson: Dividend is strong Frank, I mean there's no doubt it has improved in China. I don't know if we're ready to call it that it's back if you will. But certainly, demand was strong at the end of the third quarter. And so far the order books, as we see things into November, do suggest that the end of the year in China in acetyls should be pretty good.
Scott Richardson: Yes. The $800 million to $900 million for this year is still a good number. We think we'll be in that range even with some tax payments that will be made relative to the transaction that we completed. So that's still a good range for this year. And then as we look forward into next year, a lot will depend honestly Frank, as to where demand is. But we think that working capital inventory levels will be kind of at the run rate where we need them as we end this year. So we shouldn't have a big working capital pickup that occurs next year. And so it should be pretty robust and we feel comfortable with where cash flow is going to be to call out that -- those repurchases of $400 million to $500 million for next year and we expect those to come from free cash flow.
