Dave Weidman: To answer your first question you asked there, they were staggered when they started and they were staggered when they delivered their results. The toggle switch, the decision-making on the second unit, one versus two, really depends on the market uptake of the first one. Our strategic target is to go after growth in industrial ethanol. And on that basis, the second unit will come up two to three years after the first one. Having said that, you could have changes in the outlook of fermentation ethanol, corn-based ethanol or a food product based ethanol in China, where they would want to convert the land back into food rather than put it into some type of chemical production. And the demand in the market may dictate the second plant quicker than the first plant.
Dave Weidman: When we think about coal cost or sin gas cost or frankly methanol cost, we look at it relative to the competition, because with the lowest cost manufacturing position as raw materials go up or down, there is a same (inaudible) competition in the marginal materials advantage that we have remains essentially unchanged. Year-over-year, it's similar to broad energy complex movements up. Raw materials were significantly higher year-over-year. As we said before, we got natural hedges throughout our business as well as an advantage on the cost curve that allows us to mitigate those. Through the first half of the year, no change to look in Q1 to Q2, some sequential movement out in some raw materials, but much more dramatic if you look at it year-over-year.
Dave Weidman: We continue to look at that, P.J. There is a huge advantage. Because we are a company that has the most products and most technology around natural gas, we look at that keenly. On the margin, I would say that we are making decisions for U.S. production more favorable today than we were in an environment three or four years ago. On the margin, it's much more economical to produce here and shift to other parts of the world such as Europe than it is in Asia right now. So on the margin, we are making favorable decisions here. And longer term, we continue to evaluate more and more projects, and we will keep you posted as we make those decision.
Dave Weidman: Let me start on and then Steve can fill in the gaps. So in the second quarter, a little bit in the first quarter, but mostly in the second quarter there was unplanned outages across the industry. We were out with the planned outage, but you had several other manufacturers with planned and unplanned outages. We would say that the industry utilization rate increased by about 10% or about 10% of the available capacity was offline. So we think in a more normal world, the industry utilization is somewhat below 80s. That probably pushed it up into the below-90s. That does two things. One, it gives you some sense of the shape of the cost curve and the advantage that we have. Second, it gives you some idea going forward. There still are outages in the marketplace. There are manufacturers that are struggling with getting their plants up and operating. We see a gradual return to this margin that we would see at low-80% level utilization over the second half of the year. And we also have to take into account that we will have more capacity due to a fewer planned outages than we had in the first half.
Dave Weidman: We think that underlying rate should be running at rates that we'd think would be normalized, 81%, 83%, someplace in there. It's in the low-80% range. And if you look at the cost curve, we would jump up to the next level on pricing and margin high 80% range. And then when you cross 90%, you reach another threshold.
Dave Weidman: We did say that we will be north of $1.7 billion in our expectation for 2013. So this only reinforces that. If you look at the current market for industrial ethanol, pricing in the 900 to 1,000 range per ton, we've said that we'd have margins more to 30% today in those businesses. So that gives you a sense, nice profitability. As we talk, we will improve the overall mix of the size, because we're going to have to modify the rest of the (inaudible).
Dave Weidman: The technology is very scalable. It allows us to get benefits pretty early in the scale-up. So this is still a pretty large plant. It would be one of the largest plants in China, 200,000. So you can think about it as having characteristics of margin being south of that.
Dave Weidman: Yes, that's the way to think about it. You've got an existing acetyl complex, and we have some constrains on raw materials. Within those constrains, we will have the choice of optimizing the profitability by taking away one of the products coming out of there and putting it into ethanol. But at this point in time, though, ethanol will be pretty compelling versus some of the lower profit products we have.
Dave Weidman: When you say supersede, no, we have the capability of doing that. We have technology that allows us to get more capacity out of our units today, all of our units. Strategically, our goal is to maintain the share of the acetic acid, somewhere in the 30% to 35% range. And we will make incremental investment in order to do that, whether it be Nanjing or Clear Lake or Singapore, wherever it makes sense to the systems. As we put capacity in for ethanol, that's a new market, and we've balanced our systems to meet both strategic objectives, pursue ethanol as well as maintain the share in our acetyl business.
Dave Weidman: Yes, we've got more capacity in the facility, about 40% more capacity, which will give us another three to four years of growth. So it feels growth will ramp up over time and take us even beyond 2013 for the growth in our business. And we've also talked about putting in place technologies which will reduce energy costs as well as our regular costs. So we expect to see improvement there as well.
Dave Weidman: The way we do our accounting, you get mix percents as well as pricing. So with the overall growth in the market, with the constrained capacity that we have today, there is a significant upgrading of the mix, and that's reflected in our price line. And I'd say that's a substantial part of what's going on. Also, as you think about the world of products or materials that we compete with out there, whether they will be metals or other plastics, it's a different value proposition today than it was at a year, 18, 24 months ago, as those costs have gone up. And so we price on a value basis. In some states, it's not across the broad. But in some states, there has been more opportunity to normalize the higher value level than there has been in the past.
Dave Weidman: There is several parts to the question. Let me try to take one and let Steve deal with the rest of it. It really doesn't matter what country it is, China or the U.S. or India or Indonesia or Australia. We haven't talked with one region that hasn't said we want to reduce our R&D standards. We wanted to get out of the import energy gain as much as we can. So lots of these places are looking for multiple options. We've had a convincing dialogue that rather than the different options being competitive, they're essentially complementary. There are different ways of reaching a national strategy of getting out and importing foreign oil. And in no conversions we have been in, there has been a business there is another (inaudible) taking oil from regions of the world that are unstable. So that's the general dynamic. And then, Steve, maybe you want to answer some of the more specific questions.
Dave Weidman: Let's just take China as an example. They are going to be blending with methanol. They are going to be blending with MTBE. They are going to be blending with ethanol. The amount of demand growth that there is and their desire to get out of the import oil gain, there's a room for a lot of companies.
Dave Weidman: If you've heard what we said, the TCX technology is for ethanol manufacturer. We've also said that as we began the process, it actually came to TCX. Our baseline was we have significant technology base, very, very advantaged technology base in acetyl. And so we launched efforts to determine what we can do with our acetyl chemistry beyond our traditional products. And basically, ethanol was one of the first things that we came up with.
Dave Weidman: We'll be up and running in the second half with majority of the facility and continue to ramp the rest of the capacity over the next 12 months or so. I mentioned also you'll start to see depreciation of about $10 million a quarter starting with the second quarter.
Dave Weidman: No, the constraints that we've had on volumes earlier will be behind us starting in the second half.
Dave Weidman: We exclude all the inventory build or draw characteristics associated with the movement as well as all the other costs. You see that's up a little bit. On your specific question, not expecting anything significant.
Dave Weidman: Frankly, we don't anticipate it. Our business model is something different than the GDP-driven business model. Think about our acetate joint ventures, and B&G is there. It's really not a GDP-driven. Nanjing is very strong, stable, significant earnings and cash generation. I think about our acetyl and acetic acid in particular, but we run (Class IV) when 20%, 25% and the industry can't cover the variable economic. At the end of the day. we can't frankly tell you if it's between a single digit and double digit growth in that region. A lot of high-value added applications in our Ticona business, a lot of translation going on, very low utilization in those million of cars produced in China. So a lot of translation going on in those cars. Short-term, mid-term, long-term, Asia is a tremendous place to grow, and Celanese is well positioned for that growth.
Dave Weidman: Our answer is really no different than it has been in the past. Ventures that we have are all strategic. They are all aligned with global businesses. Polyplastics is aligned with Ticona. Though we don't have consolidation, we have a substantial strategic benefit and very active efforts to maximize that strategic alignment with each of our ventures. It's our interest, it's our desire to pursue arrangements where we could get more strategic value out of our ventures. We've been able to increase the benefit of our company, I believe, by Ticona investment opportunity that we had in the Middle East. So we continue to look for those opportunities with all of our ventures. Our acetate ventures, for example, we continue to expand that over time and got a lot of value-added. We'll just keep doing those things and you periodically may hear some things coming.
Steven Sterin: So you'd expect to see a moderate decline as that capacity comes back online versus the step-down. So think about it modestly declining through the second half of the year. Keep in mind that we have that planed outage in the second quarter. So we'll have some additional volumes as well as we move into the third quarter. So on balance, you should continue to expect to see strong results from this business, and as we said, towards the back half of the year starting to move back towards more normalized margins, which are in the mid-teens.
Steven Sterin: At Investor Day, we said that plus-$1.7 billion of EBITDA in 2013. It does not need acetic acid margins to be any higher than they would be on this normalized 82% range. And there is the possibility in that '13 timeframe that margins could be higher, but we would count that as one of the three upsides to 2013 that we highlighted on Investor Day. Margin expansion was one of them. The second one was an increased automotive production, particularly in North America. And the third one was housing. The U.S. housing is lagging. But you saw our Industrial Specialties business had a great quarter, and that was without any boost from housing at all. So there is at least those three upsides to 2013.
Steven Sterin: And as we said before, because of our capital advantage, de-bottleneck versus the greenfield, you may make the different decisions, because you've got raw material advantages or you get better site agreements because of different dynamics of the markets. So we look at both the opportunities for de-bottlenecks as we move up there. What we announced on Investor Day, we have AO Plus 3 technology that allows us a good 1.8 million tons in the new greenfield facility.
Steven Sterin: And I think, Dave, this and a lot of the other things that we talked about at Investor Day is consistent with the numbers we shared in 2013. This will supportive of those numbers.
Steven Sterin: Versus three months ago, we first saw the movement because of the planned and unplanned outages in AI. We saw the benefit of that in the second quarter. On the EPS basis, you're right about $0.25 in the second quarter versus the first call number. And as we look out to the second half, because it's going to take some time for the rest of that capacity to come on, we could see a moderate slope to the line as the rest of the capacity comes online. So the additional $0.10 will come principally from the AI. And the rest of our businesses are performing well and as expected. And the trajectory line that we would expect at this point and have expected will take us through the $1.7 billion in 2013.
Steven Sterin: That range that you talked about is the right range. Because of the pricing in this business is more of annual, when you see a falling raw material environment, low energy cost environment, you tend to be at the upper end of that range. And when you see our volumes well above, like we saw in the first half of this year, in tends to pressure a little bit towards the bottom. As you said, margins are high. So we're pleased with that. But that generally is what will drive you around that range.
Steven Sterin: The way we think about it is more on the basis of how we deal with our customers and their applications. A substantial part of our business, particularly the very high value in used part of the business, it is a very long-term relationship for the price discussion that's ever come up. Now obviously as the value equation changes, every new application you're into, you have a different discussion on that. And then there is some business in the middle where you may be able to have a price discussion once every three to five years. And everyone has seen what's happened to prices in the commodity space over the last 12 months, 18 months, 24 months. And I wouldn't expect going forward you are going to see substantial movement in price. I think these two factors, constrained capacity that improves the mix substantially, combined with the macroeconomic dynamics or the product we compete with is a unique situation that I don't think we have seen. Actually, this is the first time in 11 years I have been involved with the pricing.
Steven Sterin: As you said, we first announced the technology, we announced in the commercial space on the industrial side, and you've seen the progress we've made there. And we mentioned we're exploring the fuel market, because there is new novel technology to the marketplace. On the Investor Day, I gave you an update that we have substantial commercial discussions that's been very well received with a number of customers. I'd say that those are commercial discussions continue and they continue to advance well. As Dave said, there is a number of countries globally and we're building a pipeline of additional customers that have expressed interest to enter into the commercial discussions. So overall, as Dave said, because of the dynamics, we've got a favorable reception for the technology. In addition to being another option, one thing I'd point out in methanol is if you look at methanol on a fully blended basis, the cost of methanol in gasoline, because it has very high rebate for pressure, there is other additives that have to be blended into gasoline, even in China. And as a result, the blended cost of methanol in gasoline is a lot higher than just the absolute comparing ethanol to methanol. From a customer perspective, our technology is economically available to methanol choice.
Steven Sterin: Remember we're very, very global. We got 40% of what we do in the Asia region. So our underlying growth was good. We saw a very solid economic environment. We continue to see a very solid global economic environment. As we've highlighted on Investor Day, our Advanced Engineered Materials, we think there would be growth going forward to two three times GDP as we go after new applications or continue to penetrate different platforms such as automotive. In the Acetyl Intermediates space, that growth there is 50 bps to 150 bps faster than global GDP. That's been a historic growth trend, and we'd continue on that line. The Consumer Specialties business, because of what we've got with acetate and those applications, that would probably be somewhat less than GDP, but again that's not really a GDP-driven business. It's a relatively stable growth business. Outside of China, your growth is probably in the 1% range. And inside of China, you're looking at the 3% to 5% growth. Industrial Specialties, I think that's more of a GDP type growth with some of our new innovations and the advantages that we have with our vinyl chemistry versus acrylates, you may see growth there somewhat ahead of GDP.
Steven Sterin: Our receivables, we tend to average somewhere between 50 and 55 days, varies throughout the year depending on the seasonality. And in particular this quarter, we had a significant rise in sales in Asia where turns can be a little bit longer. So I expect that to be a temporary movement. But most of the working capital increases were driven by the overall increase in sales and the fact that it was increasing throughout the quarter.
