Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, it’s a great question, John. I would have to say our folks were very proactive. I mean, we saw the weather coming, it was predicted. We anticipated we would need to shutdown. We anticipated that there would be tightness in the market. And because we're out in the market, every single day looking at what's available, our folks were able to go out there and kind of really sourced that material, even before we went into the freeze. And look, we sourced quite a few materials going into the freeze in anticipation of shutdown, and wanting to make sure that we could supply our customers as best we can, recognizing that we thought there would be some disruptions. But I think it's just really a factor of the model and the fact that we're always in the market. So, we don't need to activate a new team to go do anything. When we see something like this coming, we're already out there taking advantage of what's there in the market.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. If we go back to Investor Day, although we had the Investor Day what's the 25th of March. We actually kind of locked in our guidance and our numbers about a week in advance of that, let's call it mid-March. And at the time that we locked in our guidance for Investor Day, we were really seeing some softening in methanol prices in China and we were anticipating even on the back of Uri, and we were anticipating that trend might continue. Now, having said that, we also had some uncertainty around Uri. We had some uncertainty around how – what we would want off, what we wouldn't, what the total of those would be. And in fact, we had some of that baked into the guidance, some of which slipped into second quarter because it came with invoicing, timing and it came with materials and inventory, et cetera. But then what we really saw is right around the time of Investor Day, we saw prices take off again in China and really versus where we had been in March, which was around, call it, $700, $750. Really in the last many weeks, we've seen prices greatly increased and now we're sometimes over $1,000. And it's not just acetic acid, but it's also the fact that them and other derivative pricing has also followed, something which hasn't always happened in times of high pricing before. And during a period where methanol pricing is high, but not as high as say, we saw in 2018. So, a lot of factors coming together that have really given us very, very healthy margins in the Acetyl Chain going forward, as well as the continued strength and growth we see in engineered material.
Lori Ryerkerk: Look, I think we’re always – we'd like to guide based on what we have visibility into. We don't really have any visibility into the second-half at this moment in time. We expect continued growth in EM after a flat second quarter. We do expect continued growth in the third and fourth quarter for EM. But in Acetyl, we expect to start to see some moderation in pricing as we get towards the end of the second quarter. We expect that will continue to moderate through the third quarter and be back to more typical levels in the fourth quarter. And that really was the basis for the guidance that we gave was those assumptions about what would happen in the second-half. And obviously, it may be different. We have to make assumptions around methanol pricing, crude pricing, everything that's happening there. But that was the basis for the guidance that we provided.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, so there was a number of outages we were aware of in China that were planned in the first quarter. A lot of those are pushed to the second quarter based on the strength of the market in the first quarter. Look, some of those, they may be able to push to the third quarter, we don't know. But at some point, those outages will need to happen. We know elsewhere in the world, there are some outages that are taking place in the second quarter. And it's just a big factor right now, with the tightness of the market when people choose to take planned outages. And, of course, unplanned outages are – can also be a factor as we go forward. But we won't know what those are. But we do know there will need to be some outages in the second quarter. Again, some may get pushed to the third quarter. We're just happy to say we took the opportunity last year to take all of our turnarounds and necessary steps and aiming back moving the VAM turnaround in Clear Lake from second quarter taking it during the forced downtime with the winter storm, so that we're able to run fully going forward.
Lori Ryerkerk: If that's really the basis for what we're thinking about acetyl pricing, we think it's clearly going to take into the summer. So through second quarter moving into third quarter to really start inventory levels, start returning to near normal levels. And again, that is going to depend on what outages people take, is there any unplanned outages then that sort of time. But I would assume it's going to take into the third quarter before we see people back at near normal levels of inventory.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Vincent, that's exactly what we're assuming in the second quarter. I mean, we really have not seen much impact from the chip shortage yet, again, primarily because we've been in luxury vehicles and platforms like trucks and SUVs, which have been prioritized by the automakers and not affected as much. Now as this drags on, we are starting to see, and you probably saw some announcements by some of the OEMs this week that they are curtailing production for a period of time because of chips that we do think that will start to affect us in the second quarter. There's also some resin shortages, quite frankly, in the industry that is also impacting the automakers. And you might see something into that around that, especially around nylon and some other materials.  So, we do expect to see some impact in auto for us in second quarter, which is why we're calling second quarter flat on EM. But we also expect most of issues to be resolved through the quarter and back to more normal levels by third quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: Well, I can't really talk to what others will do. I have no idea. We do know there is some capacity coming up mid-year here in acetic acid in China. So, certainly that will help China. We are, of course, doubling our capacity in Clear Lake, so the equivalent of adding 1,300,000 ton facility in Clear Lake. So, another world-scale capacity facility. Look, Clear Lake is the cheapest producing acetic acid in the world. I think customers are happy to have that kind of stability in the Gulf Coast. And I do – I expect others to announce maybe do they ultimately get build? That's always a bigger question. I think, no one's going to build on what they see as a surge in pricing, it really has to be a sustainable level of pricing. And I mean, look, you can't just go put an acetic acid plant anywhere. You need to have the access to methanol or some form of syngas. You need to have access to CO2. You need RCO. sorry, you need to have access to hydrogen. So this is not something that you can easily say, I'm just going to go put a plant somewhere. You need to be in industrial area. You need to have access. And frankly, it's what keeps acetic acid plants from being built kind of everywhere in the world is these other components. So, what I would say is there may be an announcement, I don't know what others will do. But it's also three to four years kind of minimum before anybody could actually have one online.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Let me talk about that a little bit, Ghansham. We of course do expect a record Q2 in acetyl, as we laid out in our documents. And I think it's really based on a couple things. I mean, one is we have had a significant lift in foundational earnings, even since 2018. So we've added RDP, we've got other capacity around emulsion, and VAM, through low-cost bottlenecks. We've continued to refine the model. And frankly, we've just gotten better and better every year about how to use the optionality available to us, and how to really flex our model. We've also seen improving industry dynamics. Acetyl is growing a couple -- a little bit over GDP every year. We haven't seen any major capacity addition. So it's a better industry dynamic as supplied or supply demand chain. If you look at 2018, 2018 was very much supply-driven. Inventory and demands were pretty much at normal levels. But starting at the end of '17, you saw a whole series of shut down in the industry, especially in the Western Hemisphere, which really drove a supply shortage, and drove that price up to that $700 to $800 a ton. Remember, that was that methanol around $450 or so, crude was around $80 right then. 2021 is fundamentally different is that we went into this, it's both the supply and the demand problem. I mean, we've seen really robust demand since at least the fourth quarter of '20, as the world moved into recovery. And again, not just in acetic acid, but also in VAM and emulsion, which is a little different than 2018, which is really focused on acetic acid. And our inventories were very low as we went into this year into 2021. And that was true globally.  So it's already a really tight supply demand market. And then we had winter storm Uri, which we lost three of the four large producers in the U.S. for a considerable period of time. I mean, a minimum of about four weeks, as everything had to get back up and running. And we've done that, but we still haven't seen methanol prices go way up. I mean, methanol is still around $350, crude is $60. So, we have a larger margin. Now, that's partially offset by higher precious metal prices. So there is some offset there. But fundamentally, this is I would say this is a deeper disconnect between supply and demand than we had in '18. And that's why we're seeing record level pricing in China that reflects that. So I do think there's the possibility this is going to be longer and bigger for a period of time than 2018 was. Again, it will just depend on how fast recovery happens around the world, the demand levels stay up, what happens with methanol pricing, what happens with precious metal pricing, all that will play into. But I do definitely think the probability. And what we baked into our revised outlook is that, this continues through Q2 and we continue to see somewhat elevated pricing through Q3, as well.
Lori Ryerkerk: Jeff, I mean, we're certainly feeling the inflationary factor. I think the good news is we anticipated this coming back in fourth quarter of last year already, and started moving prices and engineering materials to reflect this. And of course, that price also may still get reflected more quickly. So, although it is an inflation pressure, we've been able to push that through in our pricing, and basically maintain the same level of variable margins.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, we really haven't seen any demand disruption, John. There is always the possibility, of course, vinyl acetate could go to acetate. But I mean, that's not a cheap switch, nor that one people are going to do in the short-term. So at this point in time, we've really been just trying to focus on keeping our contract customers supplied with what they absolutely need at this point in time. And we haven't seen any signs yet of demand destruction because of switching to other commodities or for other reasons. In fact, we just see demand continuing to strengthen across the globe.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, we certainly have seen, I'd say across all of our businesses. We have seen customers more interested in contract arrangements versus just spot arrangements, because quite frankly, we've prioritized our contract customers as we've had shortages both in acetyl and in EM. Those customers that we have contracts with, we have worked very closely to make sure we could get them, again, not necessarily all the volume they wanted, but the volume they absolutely needed to keep running so that they wouldn't have any plant shutdowns or outages. For those non-contract customers, we haven't been able to do that. And so, certainly we see that driving more people into wanting to have contract type arrangements that we've had in the past.
Lori Ryerkerk: Look, there's always that possibility. I mean, can we put out guidance based on where we -- kind of our assumptions about what we think is going to happen, especially through the third quarter, I think, is the real question here. Obviously, look there's new capacity coming on in the third quarter in China. So we've baked that into acetyl, that should help stabilize the supply demand situation there. But, if we had -- if we saw extended turnarounds, if we saw unplanned outages, I mean, clearly, that could extend this period of higher pricing for longer, and could result in an upside. It's always a possibility for sure. But this is our best outlook. And you have to remember, we still do expect seasonality in fourth quarter. I mean, seasonality is pretty typical, we even saw it last year, especially in acetyl, as you see, the construction market generally ramped down a bit because of weather and other constraints in the fourth quarter. So you should still be baking in some seasonality in the fourth quarter back to a more typical level.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Unfortunately, there's not really enough details out about the plan to know what that really means in terms of how it’s measured, can you get credit for materials that you make that help, for example, for light weighting, and things that help to reduce other people's greenhouse gas emissions. I mean, let's be honest, on the one hand, it's a real opportunity for us, because many of the products that we make will be needed by others to meet that kind of a commitment. Even in the construction industry, if you think about acetyl, and how much of that goes into weather proofing and insulation and things like that, which would also be necessary. It could be a huge opportunity for us. As far as reducing our greenhouse gas emissions of our own facility that really has to do with heat recovery, lower furnace firing, uses of alternative energy, like our solar contract at Clear Lake, as well as recovery of -- venting of CO2, which in like, we're doing it Clear Lake, maybe there's options to recycle back into our operation. So, I don't know. We don't know yet, is it possible to reduce our own footprint by that amount. Again, we need to see the details of the plan. But I would say in general, it's probably more of an opportunity for us than a threat at this point in time.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Look, I think what we were trying to indicate is, we'll have done kind of $500 million of buybacks in the first-half. As we see our financial outlook improving for the full-year, we basically showed that additional cash available to us as buybacks to make sure that the shareholders will benefit from kind of the additional earnings this year. If we have higher earnings, I would anticipate we'll put those into buybacks. But it still doesn't change our desire to do significant M&A this year and next year. And remember, we still have a billion even after these buybacks we will still have a billion dollars on the balance sheet in order to put towards meaningful M&A. So I think it really was more of an indication, if you will, and our belief that we want to make sure that the shareholders benefit from this increased earnings outlook we're seeing from this year. And so we've selected that as buybacks.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, I don't have an exact number on that, Frank. What I would say is, while this was a very unusual situation with Uri. I would also say we work very fluidly and flexibly to always supply our customers. So these are all things we pride in one form or another. We probably did more of them in a short period of time now. But I mean, they're just baked into our cost of supply. So I don't have a really good sense of is it $10 million $20 million, I don't know what we spent in addition, during Uri. But, definitely more than typical. But we always work very hard to supply our customers.
Lori Ryerkerk: So the methanol -- sorry, the CO2 P.J. is coming from our facilities and our partner facilities in Clear Lake. So there are vent streams of operating facilities that are high CO2 and fairly pure. So that's what makes this very affordable for us at Clear Lake, is we can take those streams, further compress them, further purify them and add them directly to our synthesis gas at fairway, where it's converted into methanol. So what makes this really attractive for us is, we have spare synthesis capacity currently a fair way. We have a source of hydrogen available to us to ramp that unit up from the hydrogen grid industrial grid in that area. And we have the availability of high purity CO2 vent streams available to us. So with that, basically, the cost of producing methanol from recycled CO2 is really comparable to our normal cost of producing methanol from natural gas.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. It's not something we've looked at yet, P.J. I mean, this project is several years down the road yet, quite frankly. And the real question is, what is the purity of the CO2 streams? How much you have to cost to clean it up? I mean, I like the idea of recycling CO2 more than just sticking it in the ground to be fair, but you have to look at the economics of it and how that would. But this is clearly something we're looking at, at our facilities or other facilities around the world, which is, are there other opportunities to do this, to use this technology in a cost-effective way.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Look '21 to '22 is going to be a difficult comparison, assuming we kind of go to normalized earnings, because we have had that surge up in acetyl. We really consider our acetyl foundational levels still $800 now moving towards $900 over the next two years. So I think that's the right way to think about that, based on the capacity ads and other things that we've had. We expect, we'll continue to see continued productivity. I would assume that's in there at about, $0.25 EPS kind of year-on-year. So we'll continue to see that to offset. EM is going to continue to grow kind of at that 10% CAGR or higher every year, so that will also be in there to offset. And of course, I think the other thing timing is of course uncertain, but the other thing is that will be important for us over the next two years is, M&A and having M&A to also complement that organic growth strategy that we have for our businesses.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So we're really saying for EM is, second quarter we think will be flat to first quarter, because we are expecting some softening in auto based on the chip shortage and the resin shortage. But we are seeing recovery of medical, and not just the implants. We think implants will continue to need through the end of the year to really get back to full rate. But in other areas of medical, we are making really good progress. So for example, for our diabetes applications in medical, we're seeing really significant growth in those areas going forward. So just to give you an example. So our diabetes applications were up 50% from first quarter of last year to first quarter of this year. So that growth in other elements of medical, other elements of 5G and electronics and industrial applications, those will continue to grow and support that kind of 10% CAGR year-on-year growth going forward.
Lori Ryerkerk: No. I think, look, we've seen continued good recovery. At the time of Investor Day, we did have concerns about automotive, although we haven't seen the impact of that time. I think we will see those concerns develop in Q2. Now we do see an end of that insight as well. So we do see Q3 strengthening and Q4. But, as we get further into the year, as we get better visibility, as we have visibility now into the June timeframe, we really see that continued growth. And despite the resurgence of COVID, which is kind of the other concern, we've called out, we really haven't seen that impacting our demand numbers in any part of the world, despite some very serious issues around the globe with COVID. So, I think we are getting more confident in that $550 million number and above going forward, and so very, very confident in that growth rate, I just called out.
Lori Ryerkerk: Not really. I mean, the interesting thing about this surge in pricing for acetyl, which is different than 2018 is we've seen the price hold not just for acid, which is what happened in 2018. And in fact, in 2018, we did move a lot of stuff back to acid and sold it as acid to the market. What's different here is we are seeing that price pull through in VAM and emulsion as well, because of the really strong end markets for those products. So, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. But I would say we've not made that shift back to acid in the same way, I think because we have seen pull through in the pricing into the downstream derivatives as well.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So look, a number of our third-party suppliers of raw materials had issues during the freeze, some of them have had to take turn around in order to properly repair their equipment. We were down around 70%, we're now up at 80% as they fully bring facilities back online. We really expect by the end of the second quarter to be fully out of this maybe even a little bit before and back to 100%.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So, let me try to take that. Aleksey, if I understand your question correctly, so if you look at kind of fourth quarter to first quarter, yes, we did have a significant uplift in earnings, I mean, almost doubled our earnings in engineered materials. So we had about a 6% increase in volume, which I would just say it's continued growth in demand really, across all sectors, really any we saw automotive returning to kind of pre-COVID levels joining the U.S. and Asia that had gotten there in fourth quarter. We thought industrial continue to go up. And we did see continued recovery in our medical, again, not just in plants, but other areas of medical now that because of the programs that we put in place are really starting to show up. So that was about a 6% increase. Then we had about a 6% increase in price. And I would say you know about half of that were proactive pricing measures that we took last year to get in front of the raw materials. And then about half of that was really product mix. So again, more medical more higher in premium palm application, really pushing the molecules that we did have into our more premium products. And then we also had a bit of a help from, -- we didn't have a palm turnaround, because we took that fourth quarter of last year and IPH, that was kind of another $30 million uplift. They are not having the palm turn around in this quarter. And then we had another about $10 million uplift from affiliate really kind of across the board in affiliate. So I mean, those are the big factors that really accounted for that pretty dramatic uplift that we saw in EM.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. I think, we do think they're going to continue through the second quarter. And we start to resolve themselves as we move into the third quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. So, longer-term, I believe there have been structural improvement in terms of demand for Acetyl Chain products. Again, lot of it goes into construction and infrastructure, but paintings, coatings, packaging. I think the move towards people having everything shipped to their home in boxes is not going to change anytime soon. So, I think a lot of those sectors are seeing lasting increases in demand, even paints and coatings, I mean, why that maybe can be a bit more cyclical. Again, I think what's happening with infrastructure bills and desire to reduce energy usage, you see a lot more going into insulation and exterior coatings and things to further weatherproof existing buildings, as well as better materials and new buildings. So I think we are seeing a structural improvement in demand for acetyl products. I do expect we'll see some capacity come online, I mean, probably other than what we've announced not a lot in the near-term, again, because these things take a little while to build. But, if you go out, four years what I expect to see some additional capacity as yes, assuming that continues. That said, I also expect that, especially in China, new environmental regulations, other safety regulation may lead to some consolidation of capacity in China and certain parts of the world. So, I don't think this pricing level is going to continue forever. And I've talked about that already. But I do think we should continue to see fairly healthy margins going forward in acetyl based on those changes.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. I think we laid it out in Investor Day. What we laid out in the Investor Day did not assume any M&A. It just assumed everything was share repurchases, because that was the easiest way to model it in. But I mean, look, we're very active right now and looking at M&A as we have been. I think the M&A market is opening up. We see more parties interested in discussing M&A. We see more things being surfaced. So, look, I'd say we're hopeful, we're not making anything in yet in terms of M&A, but we're certainly hopeful that over the next 18 to 24-months, we will be able to do some form of meaningful M&A.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, so probably electronics would be the number one in terms of demand strength. I would say, medical is probably number two in terms of -- it's not our largest market, but in terms of the strength of the growth that we're seeing for medical and pharma is number two. And then auto, despite what we expect in second quarter is probably number three in terms of continued growth in the future.
Lori Ryerkerk: Look, I think the high prices we're seeing now is started with the high demand we saw coming out of the fourth quarter, and the tightness of the market is this aggravated by winter storm Uri. So, normally, for example, Europe is an import market. Normally, everybody ships from the U.S., which is the lowest cost location to Europe to meet the demand there for acetic acid but more importantly, VAM and emulsions. If you look at then hurricane Uri, with nothing coming out of the U.S., everything started coming out of China, and other parts of Asia. So that really kept, that's really what's been driving, I think the higher pricing in China and Asia is demand there, as well as exporting now into Europe, going forward. Because we know now all the plants are running again in the U.S., they're all coming back up to full capacity. Going forward, I think it will still be tight, but I think it could be tightened further, depending on the timing of now the China turnarounds that need to occur, as well as any unplanned outages that could happen anywhere around the globe.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, we haven't seen the raw material environment really impacting the rate of new projects. I mean, in fact, we talked about this a little bit of Investor Day, but our project model continues to be extremely productive, especially with a focus on the growth program that we added 18-months or so ago. So if you look at just say, Q1 '20 versus Q1 '21, we've actually increased the number of projects by 13%. So the number of projects won by 13%. And if you look at the value of those projects, that's more than a 20% growth year-on-year in terms of the value of the projects won. So I would say, the project model is very healthy, it is giving excellent results. We are getting a lot of value. And it is the thing that is supporting this greater than 10% CAGR growth we're looking at over the next few years.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. Let me see if I can get that. So in terms of palm, I think if you look at palm, the difference between palm in an IC and then in an EV is not much difference at all. It's really other components that add. I mean, the difference between polymer content is very large between IC and EV. But for palm specifically, pretty flat between the two. Now, if you look at it, GUR, I mean, GUR we've seen really significant growth over the last few years, really supporting the expansions that we're putting in place. So if you look at, say, libs growth, lithium ion battery separator growth from '19 to '20, that was up 25%. And then if you look at between '20 and '21, it's going even be above 25% growth year-on-year. So huge demand for the ultra-high molecular weight material for lithium ion battery separators. We are able to expand into that capacity at very low capital costs. So, we're continuing to do so and that's why we announced the Bishop GUR plant, which will start up here next year. And then GUR plant to follow in Europe that will start up in 2024. And then in terms of acetic acid VAM, I mean, God, that's a really hard question. I mean, if you're expanding acetic acid in VAM which is what we have been doing, I would say you can get -- and you have good capital efficiency, you can get really good payout. Let's say kind of nominally three-year kind of payout. I think if you're talking about greenfield, our brand-new build, again, everybody's economics are different. But I'm going to say you're probably talking closer to a 10-year payout, even at pretty good, maybe seven years if you're really, really capital efficient. But, again, it's the infrastructure it takes to build acetic acid, you have to have hydrogen, you have to have methanol, you have to have CO. Unless you're in an industrial area, this gets really, really expensive. And just the transport, the stuff moves around in stainless tanks. I mean, it's the transport, it is an expensive proposition for a new player to get into acetic acid and VAM.
Scott Richardson: Yes. Thanks, Vincent. I think, as we look at it, it is still too early for us to really understand exactly where things will land. But we are looking at each component of the various proposals that have been rumored right now. And there – I think there are ways at which I think with our global network that we will work to mitigate, whatever may come about. And I do think, going back even a year ago, we did call out that we would expect to see our effective tax rate possibly move up a few 100 basis points over the next several years. And I wouldn't come off of that right now. I think as we look out a couple of years, regardless of what happens with U.S. tax changes, I think we still believe the changes to our effective tax rate will be in that range.
Scott Richardson: Yes. Duffy, I think the easiest way I think to look at is originally we said, we're going to do about $500 million of repurchases this year, and now we're saying we're going to do an incremental $200 million to $300 million over that. I think, we – that really is tied to that incremental cash flow that we have this year versus what we had originally planned on. And you highlighted where the delta is, it's really on the working capital build. And so it really is just a timing thing. We think that recovery of that, call it, $450 million of EBITDA, the balance that we weren't generating free cash flow, we would expect to collect as we get into next year. So a lot will just depend on how working capital develops for the balance of the year. But right now, our projections are is we will have a working capital build. And it's driven by the fact that pricing is moving up, but also that raw materials are moving up.
Scott Richardson: Yes. Jeff, I think it's important to remember, we still have a fairly sizable portion of our earnings that come through from our equity affiliates. And that comes in at an after tax rate. And so, it is important to keep that in mind and that is one of the factors for the tax rate remaining low. And I do think after U.S. tax reform, it has given us certainly some advantages from the U.S. side of our operations. But we really are a global operation, which about a third of our sales in the U.S., a third in Europe, and a third in Asia. And so, that rate has been able to remain very low, because of that balance. Now, what you're seeing is we had originally guided to an effective tax rate of 13% for this year. But with the elevated earnings we're seeing in some of our higher tax jurisdictions, particularly China this year, we actually see that moving up, and that's why we raised that guidance to 14%.
Scott Richardson: Yes. Frank, and I would just add, I think we were in a pretty tight situation, even going into Uri. And so this has made it even tighter. So our teams are really working on getting creative not just for the second quarter, but we think this could continue into the second-half. Logistics are going to be tight, probably for the balance of the year. So it's something we're just trying to stay ahead of.
Scott Richardson: Yes. Kevin, I think the simple answer on extraordinary items is nothing more than the $100 million that was already baked in. CapEx is we're planning on a number between $500 million and $550 million for the year. And a lot of that will just depend upon when expenses come in from a timing standpoint. We inherent in that number, something towards the higher end of that range. And then the balances are working capital build, as I stated earlier. Now, I think it was Duffy who called out, incremental $450 million or so of EBITDA versus our original guide at the beginning of the year. And that's in the right ballpark. And we do expect to collect that as cash is just likely a portion of that is going to slip into 2022, because of that working capital build.
