Mark Rohr: Hi, P.J. This is Mark. Thanks. Let me back up a little bit. I think there’s over the years people have kind of you know made fun of our price increases, but we did that for a reason, a very specific reason. When you deal with customers, my personal experience is customers don't mind pricing. They just don't want to be disadvantaged or surprised. We go to great lengths to very openly share what's going on in the market and how we're responding do that and with great lengths working with individual, with customers help them moderate and manage and deal with those price increases. So broadly speaking, that's why you see us do what we do and because of that we have found that our customers always respond well to what we do and I mean sometimes, it's tough, but they always respond well. We've not seen any unusual pushback or anything else from pricing and if you look at the level of inflation, we're seeing that P.J. you've been going around a few years, you've seen lots of cycles at inflation, it’s not that severe. There are different areas where it's hitting us, but it's not unusual nor is it anything that few years ago we didn't see in a routine kind of basis with multi-hundred million dollar year-over-year kind of the raw material inflation number. So, I know there's a lot of worry about that out there, but I don't quite -- I can't quite quantify it and I don’t know why people are so concerned about it. You got to work hard to stay ahead. We do. We work properly with our customers, but we haven't seen any particular issue with it. And I roll it back to say as you relate to polyester, no big issue, no big issue there.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. No I didn't take it that way. I just want to make sure, that people understand that, that we do that, but we're a bit more public than others, but we would do that on purpose and we do it for a reason and it’s really just to focus in and help our customers.
Mark Rohr: Well it’s -- thank you, PJ.. Those of you that have followed things like the coating businesses in China for a while, understand that you go through these seasonality kind of periods. And classically, in our business segments, you would have weaker winter seasons or fall seasons fourth quarters and weaker first quarters and that varies between would vary between coatings businesses in Europe, Chinese New Year, seasonality and auto builds. So a lot of things that kind of roll into that generically. It's not a big deal. It is just a natural kind of event that would occur similar to week sales in Europe in August. It is something that happened. So, what we saw last year though which is a bit unique is we didn't see -- we didn't see that. We kind of powered through first and forth and there were a lot of subtle reasons why that is. We believe that we're returning to that kind of normal movement. So, again it's not a big deal other than the fact that we didn't have it this year as we started the year. So, that's all we're saying there. That means that fundamentally we would see our -- over the next several years, we'd see is have stronger middle -- mid-cycle earnings year than in end of cycle, beginning at the end of the year. That's all it means P.J.
Mark Rohr: We always try to do budget, every minute of the day we try to do that. And we're, we’re in the market in quite a few hundred thousand tons per year in terms of bio resell, in that process. It wasn't necessarily unusual this quarter, that activity but maybe a little bit more unusual. But yeah we always try to make good decisions to maximize the profit for our shareholders.
Mark Rohr: Well Bob, I mean really the real intellectual property in that business is the model right, now how that manifest itself is being able to go out and match up our broadest solution set to the largest number of customer needs. I mean clearly, we do well where there's a little bit more sophistication needed, right, by customers, but that also applies to what I'll call mid and lower range products as well, it's not exclusive only to those super sophisticated products.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Bob you know even across – across all markets, right, where we’re not necessarily dependent on absolute growth of the driver volumes in this business. But you've got to be able to think about sophisticated solutions and sometimes when volumes are declining like they did in auto in the – in the third quarter, there's actually a bigger drop for unique solutions for cost savings or whatever it is from the customer. So I can't give you a way to connect to that. What I will just say is that, we grew every single market segment and that's the plan going forward as well.
Mark Rohr: Kevin, this is Mark. Just real quick on two of those topics, it's a bit of a add-on to what Scott has said. I don't know that we've really explained well enough the opportunities that we have to incrementally expand our assets, and in most cases, Kevin, we can get a phenomenally term with no incremental volume which we have enough productivity opportunities in front of us. And I know that's a little bit hard to conceptualize but when you have a global network of assets and you're playing in a number of different fields as it relates to raw material values across energy cost, logistics cost today which are up over $60 million over two-year period corporately for company like ours. There is tremendous value that can be created that way. And so, we have a series of those that we're evaluating and seeing up you’ve seen some of those announcements that are giving returns from the 25% to 45% kind of range largely independent of material volume there. So, you should expect more capital going into that. And so, we haven’t put out a number yet we’ll I think predominantly maybe, more January Scott on kind of what we see out there but certainly near-term that 350 kind of number is fine, but as we get out the 2020 timeframe may be its higher than that. Getting back to cash we've reported this ability to press would be roughly around $1.2 billion this year. So, you would expect that to grow as we go out to the next couple of years. We’ve targeted $3.6 million. We're going to work hard to see it’s higher than that, we think even a constant earnings we have the ability to kick out more cash. So, we're going to look for find the ways to invest that cash in phenomenal opportunities for us. We're staying on bolt-on acquisitions, but we think, we’ll be able to finance yet pretty easily with the cash coming off the business and then beyond that we'll look to make sure, that our dividend policy reflects our much higher level of cash flow in the share repurchase and accelerating those as Scott had said.
Mark Rohr: We're still working on that, John. It's not a lot of options out there. We haven't found one yet. I remain convinced as that’s Scott and Scott that there are opportunities for us to do things out there may be more structurally based on our manufacturing, but we're working hard to try to find opportunities.
Mark Rohr: We're pretty comfortable in inventory levels were fine. We don't see that as being the risk, we've been a team that's been active on trying to drop pricing in the world. We have some traction with that which is good. And then of course, we need that to offset some of the volume declines that are naturally occurring in the business, not dramatic, but that normal 2% per year.
Mark Rohr: So, so if there is a slowdown occurring I think it's occurring in a thoughtful way in a way that actually enhances commerce. Doesn't detract from commerce or a place to our business model strengths, I mean another way of seeing it, out there clearly. Absolute dollar sales has gone down, but the need to dramatically improve the quality of all those is kind of off the chart. So, so we've not – we just don't quite feel it, is what I would say.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, it’s infinite. I mean what’s the car of the future is going to look like, is – probably going to be extruded hard to guess. I mean so no, we see I mean you can only imagine the You can only imagine them the thousands of connections, the thousands of discrete parts that go into autos, each one plays an intrinsic role and the quality of that vehicle, the aesthetics of that vehicle, the efficacy of that vehicle, the fuel efficiency of it, and what the other dealers are always doing is trading off those value equations. The price of steel is not constant, the price of aluminum is not constant. So you're always getting into a refinement removing of that alleged vacation is really exciting for us not only in the lithium energy packets pack alone but the housing for that, the connectors that are going in that, the design of the new consoles for this vehicles, the reduced weight which dramatically expands the application of reinforced on the plastics and in structural parts. So it's – and I'm sure there is a limit to it but I kind of don't know what it is.
Mark Rohr: Well, the upside potential of that business really is volume. You got an industry that's running in the mid-80% capacity utilization that has a history of losing on average three production assets per year, if you look at kind of the run rate of upsets in this business it's – the average is pretty close to really world-scale assets per year are out. So think about 1.5 million tons out of a 16 million ton, 17 million ton, 18 million ton market. Last year we were probably 2.2, 2.3 something like that, so it’s a little bit unusually high from that point of view but that that 100 year storm last year happens every three years, four years, five years. So we think we're in a period where the business is going to be tight. We also think that the loose monetary policy of China which will led to the one negative cycle we had in this business is gone and I think been gone for good with the Blue Sky campaign but also the need to get a return on your investment and frankly the inability of China to compete outside of China. So we see ourselves moving from one dip that lasted a long time to one upcycle that’s going to last a very long time. And for us it's going to be solid pricing incremental volume growth. It’s all --
Mark Rohr: Well, when we do these kind of things, we don't really fantasize about things on the fringe that could happen. So we kind of look at it as being pretty similar to this. I mean demand will creep up a little bit, but we're doing like a slight incremental expansion. Others may be doing a little push down more volumes. So we think it's going to stay for the most part in the mid-80s, maybe creep a one turn or something.
Mark Rohr: Ethylene specifically -- on ethylene, yeah, look I mean -- okay, I’ll answer it more broadly. Okay. I’ll answer it more broadly. I mean the reality is if you look at third quarter every single business, right energy and raws went up every single business really we’re able to cover that off with price. So look I mean we could feel somewhat impacts from that, but I think we’re set up to completely cover that up.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. I mean like we said we have a $1 billion earmarked for buybacks at this point in time and we will bring some of that forward in front loaded. We will continue to deploy cash back into the business as our first choice through organic investment. And we had earmarked $1 billion and we said that may take a little higher than that towards the back end of these three years. And then on acquisitions we’ve said about a $1 billion for acquisitions over the same period. So, no, we haven’t done on a regular basis but this year we haven't done at that level but, as Scott said, we have some attractive things that we see potentially coming next year.
Mark Rohr: A view of changes in the world and the supply chains moving around and what impact that would have on the others.
Mark Rohr: Okay. So you asked a lot of questions Laurence on the last piece. So I’ll try to start with productivity and carry that forward. So some folks on the call may not -- may not remember that the 2012, 2013, 2014 kind of timeframe there was tremendous headwinds that based our confident, orders of magnitude $500 million between methanol and the loss with southern contract. We had a huge step change almost overnight and FX it was really big impactful for us. We had gone out in a very blissful way and they claim to profitability from ethanol surely wasn't going to happen in there. Through that period we overcame those with a very strong productivity effort in moving our business models and had double digit earnings as well through that period. Since that time we have doubled the profitability of this company three years we have doubled the profitability of the company and we've done that in a real fundamental way employing these business models, directly to leverage our ability to manage complexity just out there unless complexity that can be to volatility, it can be from straightforward movements, it can be an EN business is related to the opportunities we bring these customers to create unique solutions and therefore differentiate themselves in the marketplace. Those models have been more and more refined we're going to another element of full refinement today based on a learning for the last 12 months, 18 months, and we think those models have yet to fully realize our potential. So we don't – we say right there that's utilized on a pure productivity through that period of time if you look at it over the last couple of years we've actually dropped our net productivity contributions. And that's not because there's not opportunities there, but we have really more to do I’d say with the work on the model and that sort of thing. Now we're into a period where we can take a different look at productivity, which is to say we have volume growth opportunities out there, which give then confidence to look at embedded inefficiencies that exists in different regions of the world and different assets and take a position relative to that. So we think we have a new ground of productivity in front of us that will be a CapEx related productivity that can generate some very, very high returns. And I mentioned two of them that we've just talked about here over the last several days. So we think that, that we'll be able to move into that arena quite successfully and we see that it's enhancing the earnings capability for operation which gives us comfort this level we're at today in a broad sense is like what we said into a foundational level. I don’t mean we're up every day and little bit more the next day but what it does mean we've got a different foundation base to work from. And we don't see any reason why that should really change dramatically. Yeah, trade flows move around, but they have to move around. Companies move around but that's going on. Trend is strong Trend is weak. That's all that stuff that’s happened throughout that time period that we've been under the last several years and we've been able to manage to do that. So, we don't have too much anxiety about it. And to be honest we don't we don't tend to micromanage it terribly We don’t spend a lot of time worrying about it. We look at the big fundamentals. So you need to think of some and you know it’s well as the company that has really good business models, generates a lot of profitability through thick and thin and have a lot cash through thick and thin, and most importantly we don't do stupid things. We manage that cash very well and we get it back to you as best as we can.
Mark Rohr: We are -- it’s very dependent on oil and as it relates to the bunker fuel and as you know that's gone through its own set of volatilities around concerns or not concerns but uncertainty about how to manage the move to a low sulfur bunker. So, yeah, as that unit gets pressed, it's going to be a little bit less competitive. It's still a good unit for us in operation, one that you could enter a period if we get back above 100, but that unit is less competitive. Having said that, we have opportunities to do other things that can surface without. So we don't – we're not particularly worried about.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. Well really I mean the main driver of that and he can't look too much at quarter-to-quarter. But the main driver behind that was we have lifted price quite a bit to overcome the raw materials inflation so you know we ended up being successful at getting all that price and still growing volume as well. So I don't read any kind of fundamental shift in demand in that.
Mark Rohr: Well, we I mean we continue to invest in people. We have a very good team growing each, each day in terms of capability. We continue to invest in R&D. A lot of it is incremental capability as we improve the model as well.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, on the physical side of things I mean, you've seen us make quite a number of announcements. We are in the process of expanding compounding capability in at least four or five sites. We’re expanding two of our polymers that we've made announcements on, as well both POM and our GUR ultra high molecular weight polyethylene. There'll be some more of those.
Mark Rohr: Yeah sure. I’ll start I mean, I’ll let Scott to run you the details. I think I would, Jim, I would – I think it's best to look at this not as markets. We talked at our April session with you guys about the embedded growth process that we deal with so we look beyond markets in those specific application so for us it's a very generic world out there, but generic being that everything we do is specific to some unique trait and the ability we can have and it's independent of the market. So we don't look at these light markets and we don't – and we don't analyze our movements nor we put our teams in place, we don't do anything relative to markets, we really work at it as applications, differentiation and we do anything we lump together simple application to create programs that go into certain arenas. So it's – I like to answer your question but we really don't look at it even that way.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. I mean the answer is yes, and we have a lot of differentiated products, we also have some more standard products as well but the whole industry is operating at a pretty high rate.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. What – Yeah, not really. If you look at where we are from the earnings point of view the buyback we're talking about is a pretty de minimis effect and so to imply that we have the ability to forecast things in the 10%, 20% kind of range and we don’t have that ability. So, no, not in there.
Mark Rohr: Yeah that's right. I mean Q3 of this year versus Q3 of last year it is up those kind of percentages we did close 925 projects and that comes from a real mix. I'm not going to give you the exact numbers, but I think it's safe to say that both existing customers are comprehensive solutions portfolio is being applied to a bigger set of their needs and at the same time, we're also out there trying to translate those wins or those technologies to a new set of customers what really is both.
Mark Rohr: No, no we didn't. We really don't believe what up to any other type of boss. I mean we're back in every corner of the world to do what we can to make money.
Scott Sutton: Yeah. So, hi Jeff, this is Scott Sutton. Look I mean, we don't worry too much about sequential volumes win as you know we run a model there when we go out and activate our network. So, sometimes we're in stronger in a certain derivative and sometimes we're out of that. You really have to think about the whole year for the health of the business and for the whole year even volumes in that business will increase.
Scott Sutton: Yeah. And Jeff I mean I would really encourage you to think about the whole varsity of change from a volume standpoint, not just what’s shown as the AI segment and think about that on an annual basis as well.
Scott Sutton: So, Kevin, this is Scott Sutton. In terms of size of average project, I mean that's going to trend where it's been trending in the last couple of years, right. We are going to increase the number of projects that we close or get a purchase order for taking it up to 5,000 by 2020. We do have some assumption of one or two bolt-ons a year between now and then that helps add to that pipeline. Most of it comes through organic growth though.
Scott Sutton: In fact and that's where a good bit of the growth has come from even, even in the last quarter in China. And half the deals we've been able to make a lot more moves or activations as well, so it's really quite active.
Scott Sutton: Yeah. David, I would say that we still have a healthy pipeline particularly in Engineered Materials and there's good opportunity to do some meaningful bolt-ons next year.
Scott Sutton: Yeah. I mean this is Scott Sutton. Look, I think where we’re operating right now particularly this most recent quarter is like a good healthy place for that business to be, because we can grow it at that level, we can add on bolt-on acquisitions and life their margins up and really add a lot of value to the company. To me, it’s healthy where it is.
Scott Sutton: Yeah. Duffy, this is Scott Sutton. So I mean the announcement was made in Germany about expanding that plant right is strictly because you know we're in a real healthy business situation there you know demand supply tight and palm and it's time to add a little bit. And yes I think you can read into that that the Ibn Sina POM plant is running very satisfactory. We do see our equity earnings in that business up, almost all of that increase is due to better performance at Ibn Sina.
Scott Richardson: Yeah, Mark. I mean I would just add that the way pricing comes about is by the number of activations we’re able to do to our network. And you’ve seen us increase that metal increase next year. And underlying all of that is fundamentals are still okay, effective utilization is still okay. So if you put those two things together I think it’s an okay situation.
Scott Richardson: About $50 million, about $50 million. So there’s – we have a huge internal turnaround, where we’re expanding the rebuilding from an efficiency point of view, one of our POM assets in Ibn Sina. That's a very, very large turnaround and those are quite expensive.
Scott Richardson: Yeah. Kevin, this is Scott Richardson. So what we said in Investor Day was that we expected CapEx to be in the $350 million range for the next three years. We’re going to probably come in around $330 million this year just with the timing of how it flows through. But we made the announcement on the POM expansion, we have several other very attractive productivity and growth-driven projects that we're looking at. So we're actually expecting that as we get to the end of that three-year window that CapEx will actually tick up higher than that $350 million level we’ll probably be kind of in that range maybe plus or minus a little bit next year but we should be up to higher levels beginning in 2020 and beyond. And that should just translate to continued earnings growth again through productivity and top line growth going forward. And then on repurchases, yeah, our cash flows been very strong this year. We stated this quarter that we expect to approach $1.2 billion of free cash flow and so we do have the opportunity just given where the market has been to accelerate some of those repurchases that we had originally stated, we had said we were going to do a $1 billion over the three-year period from 2018 to 2020.
Scott Richardson: Yeah. Sure. I mean, Laurence, so in our EM business, I mean, we are growing in everyregion and yes, you see very short periods where it's slower in one than the other, but we are positioned globally to put out solutions that move our supply chain around as we need to. So we don't see any kind of rejiggering of customers supply chains and so forth impacting that business at all.
Scott Richardson: Yeah, and we did do some things a few years ago as you alluded to, Duffy. That does give us a little bit more flexibility in the high oil environment. So we are exposed, but not as much as we were in the past.
