Chuck Kyrish: Thank you, Gary. Welcome to the Celanese Corporation's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. My name is Chuck Kyrish, Vice President, Investor Relations. With me today are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Jensen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Scott Sutton, Executive Vice President and President of Materials Solutions. Celanese Corporation's third quarter 2016 earnings release was distributed via Business Wire yesterday after market close. The slides for the call and our prepared comments for the quarter were also posted on our Web site, www.celanese.com, in the Investor Relations section. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed today and included in our presentations may include forward-looking statements concerning, for example, Celanese Corporation's future objectives and results. Please note the cautionary language contained in the posted slides. Also, some of the matters discussed and presented include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations of these measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures are included with the press release and on our Web site in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. The earnings release and non-GAAP reconciliations have been submitted to the SEC on a Form 8-K. The slides and prepared comments have also been submitted to the SEC on a Form 8-K. This morning, we'll begin with introductory comments from Mark Rohr and then we'll field your questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mark.
Chuck Kyrish: Thanks, Mark. As a reminder, we'd like the callers to limit questions to one question and one follow-up. Gary, let's go ahead and get started.
Chuck Kyrish: Great. We’ll wrap things up here. Thanks everybody for your time today. We’ll be around for questions later today. So, Gary, at this point, I’ll turn the call back over to you.
Mark C. Rohr: Thank you, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. Our prepared remarks were released with earnings last night, so I'll keep these opening comments brief and open the line for your questions. Before I discuss our quarterly results, I’d like to talk about an exciting announcement last night, an agreement to purchase SO.F.TER. Group based in Forli, Italy; one of the world’s largest independent thermoplastic compounders with operations in Italy, Mexico, Brazil and the United States. SO.F.TER. and Celanese are a great fit given our similar design capabilities, excellent technology and a shared focus on developing customer-oriented solutions. This combination will nearly double the number of engineered material platforms available to Celanese and will open new markets to expand upon. The deal will be immediately accretive adding roughly $0.10 to our adjusted earnings per share in 2017 and we expect to increase that $0.10 by two to three times over the coming years. This is a natural and thoughtful step forward in evolution of our engineered materials business, and we’re extremely excited to begin working with the talented men and women at SO.F.TER. to drive value for our customers. Scott Sutton who runs our materials core is here with me this morning to provide additional color and answer your questions about this exciting deal. Shifting to our consolidated results, we generated a record third quarter performance in both GAAP diluted earnings of $1.83 per share as well as adjusted earnings of $1.67 per share. We grew segment income by 4.6% year-over-year and expanded our margin by 250 basis points to 24.1%, our highest ever third quarter performance. These results were driven by record earnings and profitability in advanced engineered materials and resilient performance in our globally integrated Acetyl Chain. We successfully launched 351 new projects in engineered materials in the quarter and remain on pace to meet our goal of 1,200 new project launches in 2016. We continued our pace of cash generation with 237 million of free cash flow and we returned 152 million of cash to our shareholders in the quarter. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are pleased with the success we have had over the first three quarters of the year and we’re confident in our ability to drive value of our businesses, generate productivity gains and to continue to build momentum in new project launches. As such, we are maintaining our expectation to grow adjusted earnings per share by 8% to 10% for the full year of 2016. As we begin to look to 2017, we will continue to expand and grow our engineered materials pipeline and leverage our low cost integrated global network in the Acetyl Chain to best manage the current operating environment we’re in. We have set our sights on at least 1,500 new project launches in the engineered materials space based on the success we’ve had to-date and the capabilities added through the announced acquisition of SO.F.TER. We’ve identified incremental productivity opportunities for 2017 targeting additional $100 million of benefit for the year and rolling it altogether in net of the $0.30 to $0.40 of headwinds in the tow previously discussed, we expect to grow our adjusted earnings per share by roughly $0.60 to $0.70 in 2017 versus 2016. We will refine this initial look as our planning process wraps during the fourth quarter this year and update you with a more informed view in January. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Chuck for Q&A.
Mark C. Rohr: Yes, we’ll talk more about it when we come out with more complete guidance but Duffy, I think that it will not keep the same pace '16 to '17 that earnings will. And the reason for that is we had a lot of capital expenditure with that methanol plant and there is some bonus depreciation provisions in the tax code that allowed us to accelerate tax deductions on a cash tax basis. So on a cash tax basis, we probably will have higher cash taxes in 2017. Out of the shoot I would probably say, earnings will grow but free cash flow would be flattish in '17, then grow again in '18, still on track for 2.5 billion.
Mark C. Rohr: Okay, Matt, this is Mark. I think we said in the past that it’s about 50-50 price and volume. And we’re still in a process of wrapping that up, so that’s still the most contemporary data we have.
Mark C. Rohr: Yes, we started the quarter with a view of a little bit more flatness. I think we had talked about that with you guys there. So as we got into the quarter, there was a lot of energy and effort primarily in materials to just really be successful. And so we worked really hard with our projects, we worked really hard in our pipeline, we worked really hard with our customers. Had a few successes more than we had planned and that’s what really drove the value question. I think likewise we have been a bit concerned that the chain business could slide more and they did a phenomenal job making sure that they kept it in check given the slowdown that we anticipated in third quarter in China. So it’s really a material story I think incrementally through the quarter.
Mark C. Rohr: I think my comment – plus you have changed that comment. I think we have been in a deflationary environment and P.J. you and I have talked about that on a couple of occasions. There are trends that would say that that’s – I won’t say ending but it certainly has bounced on the bottom and it’s trending back up, everything from the movements we have seen recently in oil, if you look at the movements in coal which have been quite dramatic in China. We’re seeing some movements in methanol. Of course, ethylene is strong. So I think we’re moving back to some inflation. And to answer your question, is there a reason we can’t go get that, the answer is no. We look hard to make sure we can find ways to go extract incremental value and we don’t like eating raw material inflation. But what I will say is that there’s been a bit of a – these things happen very quickly, so sometimes you get stuck for a month or two. But generally speaking I think it bodes well for the establishment of a floor to the deflation that we’ve seen in the world and hopefully some growth is going to start to now occur.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, I think right now at this moment, the trends in China are good. We’ve seen some traction on pricing in there driven by I think David the residual effects of the inflation in coal and in methanol. Capacity utilization rates are still quite low in China but we’re seeing some evidence of apparent tightening in the marketplace. So I think the trends are good with that. We also have by our math maybe 3 million tons of methanol consumption coming into that market through MTO expansions as we enter next year, so kind of like the first half of the year which is also going to bode well for keeping the pressure on methanol and hopefully getting some more inflation there. So I think – what I’ll just say to you is that we’re encouraged by what we see but it is at the end of the day movements in what is a market that is still pretty sloppy. So we will take it day by day here and give you guys a better update in January.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, if you look at it today there’s probably order of magnitude if you look at coal prices today in China, there’s anywhere between $50 and $100 a ton depending on how you do the math, advantage of being in Singapore on oil base versus the coal base in China. And of course when oil gets back at $100 range, that situation reverses, Bob. So right now it’s our advantage that we’re running very, very hard in Singapore and moving that material mostly outside of China. We can also move into China as well and compete in regions or areas of China we don’t normally compete in.
Mark C. Rohr: No, it’s still within that range and that’s as good as we can call it today, Jim. I don’t see it being better than $0.30 down. I don’t see it worse than $0.40 down. So it’s somewhere in that range.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, I think the strategic way we work that business has not changed, Jim. We’re very active and very aggressive and really making sure we understand the market, understand the windows of opportunity to move materials around and we’ve found ways to take advantage of that given our global mix in both production and distribution logistics. What I’m trying to say in there is I think we’re seeing affirmation of the bottom and upside in that business and there’s a subside what we always see is more opportunities from this because of that. And you ought to see incrementally more margin appearing in the products which gives you more ability to benefit from the steps you take. So, we think the platform is strengthening but I’m a little cautious in how much to boast about that right now because the market is really in a tremendously – situation that’s tremendous over capacity and we’ve not had a lot of weeks or even months of good performance yet.
Mark C. Rohr: It’s mostly revenue. That’s right. We’re not looking at this as having tremendous synergy effects but we do think there’s going to be tremendous impact in our ability to work together. These are great men and women in SO.F.TER. and they do a phenomenal job well, well respected by the customers like we feel we are, and we’ve already had a number of complimentary kind of calls of folks that are, one, glad we’re doing the deal and glad to have more opportunities to work with us. So it’s really all about growth and commercial performance.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, there’s always a little bit of lag effect but margins have been so low that it’s a pretty modest impact right now. We need to see – to be honest, we need to see more of it sticking and we probably need the next round of increases really to start to see material impact. I think this is a 2017 story versus a 2016 story, Dan.
Mark C. Rohr: Aleksey, we’re saying yes but you have to understand this is a very early spin on that, so I wouldn’t read – I like us to be within $0.10 of being totally accurate on all these numbers. But right now we’re saying yes.
Mark C. Rohr: John, let me just add a comment on that. What we have found in this business is there is pure and unique polymer technology in some areas and there’s pure and unique compounded technology in some areas. And in both cases they’re sort of generic material. So we’re all about that technology. So when we look at a group like SO.F.TER. and work with them, they bring a lot of unique and not easily reproducible technology through their compounding process, like we do. And so we don’t at all look at that as being a disadvantage of not being back integrated. In fact, it’s a real advantage because you can really go out and buy different materials and really play a pretty strong game in raw material base.
Mark C. Rohr: Yes, sure, John. As we add more and more here, we’re driving to an outcome where we’re able to launch 2,000 projects a year instead of the 1,300 that we’re at now. And so it just involves adding capabilities to our unique model and our unique pipeline system where we’re able to represent the broadest platform in the industry to customers and we’re also able to juggle the 6,000 projects at the same time that it takes to launch 2,000. So that is really just enhancing our model. You see it as Step 6 on this slide.
Mark C. Rohr: What we do this time of year, so we go through a process of really range funding on what we think the value of our machine can deliver through the next year. So you need to appreciate these are pretty superficial numbers. We’ve not taken credit for any kind of extraordinary enhancement in methanol pricing and margin. It could in theory roll through the chain if that happens. What I will say is that the trends are encouraging with that regard. But there’s not baked into these numbers a miraculous recovery in margins out there. It’s what we will deliver kind of with things the way they are.
Mark C. Rohr: Let’s start at the top. I think the business has historically been well managed by the players that are in the business and they’ve been very thoughtful, and I think they will continue to be thoughtful as we go forward. The offsets occur because of the reduction of imported material going into China, which we’ve talked at length about. And we’ve been very clear, as usual, the first ones to talk about that stuff. So we’ve laid that out pretty well, so you get off from a 100% as Scott said to roughly 80%. So the choppiness you’re seeing now is really that. It’s more that than fundamental decline in cigarette consumption. In fact, we saw some data the other day that would indicate through all this mess and struggles within China that they’ve gone from 2.5 trillion or 2.6 trillion, let’s say, sticks down to 2.4 trillion to 2.5 trillion, so a 6% to 7% kind of reduction in volume. So there’s been a disproportion of the impact of this. So I think the fundamentals of the business are still very good. What I’ll also say is the industry has independently done a lot to rationalize capacity. This was a business that was in the fibers business. So you think definitely larger capacity in terms of unit operations and what we have in place today. So my belief is the industry will continue to be good stewards and my belief is this very easy to understand sequence that we’re going through will work its way through the system in the years to come out there. Will the industry have opportunities to consolidate further? Yes, perhaps. Solvay is rumored to be selling their business, I don’t know the status of that, but you guys can call them and see if that’s true or not. So I think there are other people who do look for whether they should have other options that are out there, but as for us we’re focused on what we do and what we can control and that’s kind of where our headset is.
Mark C. Rohr: Yes, we like it. It makes tremendous amount of money and I know it causes people a little bit of anxiety but I think if you look at it, be mindful there’s a zero tax base on this; be mindful that you’re selling the business is we will have some [indiscernible] over. It’s hard to see how it makes economic sense for shareholders to sell it.
Mark C. Rohr: Let me start with that, so I’m going to put Chris in a box to say we’re definitely underleveraged but Chris why don’t you take it and explain the point.
Mark C. Rohr: Kevin, what we’ve really been doing is we’ve been working for a long time to do two things. One is to build a model. If you look particularly at materials, build a model that is leverageable. So we think we’ve done that and part of that process, as Scott has outlined and shows on Slide 4 I guess it is, is that we think the ultimate test of this process, the ultimate proof of this process will be our ability to go out and acquire businesses that are good fundamental businesses but have not been levered the way we will lever. By that I mean is with the customer breadth we have and depth we have of product. And so we believe that we will be able to take this and multiply the value of this several times. And so you need to think of us as having a view that we can spend a little bit of money, a modest amount, a reasonable amount of money given our cash flow to take on reasonable leverage and get multiples out of that. And so we look at this as a multibillion-dollar accretive model for our shareholders and that’s what we’re focused on doing. So this is the first and we believe there will be many more and that’s why in – next year and year after that and year after that is keep growing this out and that machine should add – it’s going to add a lot of value for our shareholders.
Mark C. Rohr: The deals we’re pulling in, generally speaking, David, it’s impossible to match our margins and it’s impossible to match our return on capital. So they will have a diluted impact to some extent, but as Scott said we think that’s going to be easily understood, easily pointed out to folks. So I would think from a big picture point of view you’re going to see it trend down but that’s not a bad thing. It’s going to trend down for a lot of good reasons.
Mark C. Rohr: Scott could give a lot of color on this but we do deals not to just do a financial leverage, we really do deals to create a better business model, and a better business model lets everyone prosper. We take the best of what they do and they take the best of what we do and also we combine those together and you get two and two equal five. And you can perform for your more customers better, extract more incremental value because we’re solving bigger problems. So we don’t look at this like a can of soup on the shelf and we’re just buying a different manufacturer of a can of soup. It’s a different concept to us which is technology, access to markets and application expertise and putting those together in a way that we really can solve any problems. So that platform is what we get when we – and the extension of that platform is what we get when we bring in a new great company like SO.F.TER., and that’s how we extract higher value than let’s say with the value that can of soup is the base of.
Scott Sutton: Yes, sure. Hi, Duffy. If you look at all of our business, of course we add the innovation and technology through compounding to all of it, but most of our platforms today we also manufacture the polymer as well. So really – all of that is ours and all of that comes through the pipeline. You referenced price and a lot of that, that smaller degradation you see is really driven by outsized volume growth in Asia related to the other regions.
Scott Sutton: We grew volumes in every single region, it’s just that Asia has been the source of our highest growth over the last couple of quarters.
Scott Sutton: Yes, I would just add in engineered materials in the third quarter, we grew the volumes roughly 12%. But if you look at by region, Asia is above 20%; Europe’s running along that same 12% pace and Americas is a bit below that. But I would say our growth in auto segment was actually a bit less than our growth in other segments.
Scott Sutton: I don’t really think it’s so much about taking share, right, unless you think of it as coming up with a new solution to replace other out of time materials. It’s really about closing projects and gaining business through technology and solutions.
Scott Sutton: Yes. Hi, P.J. I would say with regard to the margins, they are lower than our base business right now but there’s a lot of opportunity for synergy there, P.J. We still have to close this. We’ll get it closed in December, so we’re really not disclosing the price. But just to give you a feel for the size of it, it’s roughly $300 million a year in revenue.
Scott Sutton: Yes, sure. Yes, thanks. Overall, if you think about outside of China, industry utilization is roughly around 80%, we’ve said that before and it’s sort of sticking there. But when you take a look at China, the assets that are on the ground in China run full out all the time. What has changed is the imports going into China and we don’t see that dropping imports changing over the next couple of years.
Scott Sutton: Yes, sure. Okay, yes, thanks. This is Scott. And what I’ll say is sequentially, Q3 is just not quite as big a volume quarter for us traditionally. So you see some slight drop in volumes sequentially. But what’s interesting this year of course the volume drop is not as much as it’s been in the past. Certainly just like you said, year-on-year volumes are up quite a bit and that’s the perfect comparison to do, because it’s the demonstration of the pipeline.
Scott Sutton: What I would say about SO.F.TER., they’re not a competitor of ours. This is very complementary. If you think about Celanese, we have nine different polymer platforms that we operate out of. SO.F.TER. adds eight more to us. So we go from 9 to 17. What’s interesting is about three of their platforms are in engineered thermoplastics which we are too but six are actually in the soft stuff, elastomers or TPEs and I think there will be very good integration of customers and channels as well as we get those additional selling opportunities. So following on that, the main uplift are synergies. A lot of it is going to be more solutions, better business, bigger positions with customers. There’s also going to be quite a number of manufacturing and supply chain enhancements too, so you get the lift from both cost synergies as well as revenue synergies.
Scott Sutton: Well, I guess there’s a number but if you look at other people that are in elastomers, that’s really your best view of who might see SO.F.TER. as a competitor.
Scott Sutton: Aleksey that’s probably from a prior press release but of course we’re involved in a couple things; knee implants, hip implants, these kind of things. We’re also involved in drug delivery devices where our materials are actually the excipient. We do have some new development in the drug delivery area. Most of our medical development is actually in devices that are outside of the body, and we have quite a number of projects in our pipeline for that.
Scott Sutton: John, this is Scott. I would say that you have both. You have some primary players that are back integrated into let’s call it one or the other polymers, right, but you still have quite a number of independents that are involved in adding the technology through compounding and through solutions with the customers.
Scott Sutton: Yes, sure, David. I would say that most of that margin expansion has come from upgrading portfolio, upgrading projects, upgrading commercial activity. The pricing decline that you do see is more about regional mix. However, going forward you see us doing things like the next step, a SO.F.TER. acquisition there, there could be another one after that. So you might see some decline in margin percentage, sort of a slow one over time but of course that is completely offset by the absolute increase in profit.
Chris Jensen: Yes, I’m not sure I really can answer that. What I’ll say is that VAM has been weak as we came off of the coatings – the coating season started to slow down but we’re already starting to see some tightening in that business as we enter the fourth quarter and have some good expectations of a stronger market next year.
Chris Jensen: Dan, I would answer the same way. You see the projected growth from '15 to '16 and all that was really predicated on the new project launches that we had. And we grew in '16 almost 300 projects over '15, so you get the same kind of cycle going.
Chris Jensen: Well, I guess now I know how to answer that question. How much we take on is really going to be correlated to whether we can continue to successfully close some acquisitions. And as Mark mentioned, we’re excited about that becoming more of a habit. So yes, there could be some more leverage. We closed this last bond seven years at one and an eighth, so that’s extremely attractive for us and we’re just trying to think our way through how we turn that into an advantage. By the same token, we understand the constraints of being an investment grade company and we’ll work with that.
Chris Jensen: I think we can provide a little more on that in the next call. It is all around the business though it’s not just focused in any one area. I think you can generally think of a lot of this coming from the supply chain. So the good folks at our plants just have a tremendous history of figuring out better ways to do things year-in and year-out. So a lot of this is energy reduction, a lot of it is figuring out how to use lower grade materials and in some cases that’s been worth tens of millions of dollars on a given project. So it’s pretty ingrained in the organization. It’s a skill set that we’ll bring to bear as we continue to do these acquisitions as well.
