Jon Puckett: Thanks Laura. Welcome to the Celanese Corporation second quarter 2014 conference call. My name is Jon Puckett, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me today are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Jensen, Senior Vice President, Finance. The Celanese Corporation second quarter 2014 earnings release was distributed via Business Wire yesterday after market close. The slides for the call and our prepared comments for the quarter were also posted on our website, www.celanese.com, in the Investor Relations section. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed today and included in our presentations may include forward-looking statements concerning, for example, Celanese Corporation's future objectives and results. Please note the cautionary language contained in the posted slides. Also, some of the matters discussed and presented include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations of these measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures are included on our web site, www.celanese.com, in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. The earnings release, non-GAAP reconciliations, presentation and prepared comments have been submitted to the SEC in a current report on Form 8-K. This morning, we will begin with introductory comments from Mark Rohr and then we will field your questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mark.
Jon Puckett: Thanks Mark. I'd like to just ask everybody to keep your questions to one with one follow-up, and with that I will turn it over to Laura.
Jon Puckett: Thanks Jeff. And Laura, let's move to the next question, and we will have that be the last set of questions.
Jon Puckett: So with that, that's the last question. So we will wrap up here. Folks, I will be around to take calls later, as well as Mark and Chris. So just let us know what's on your minds. Thanks for your time this morning.
Mark Rohr: Thanks John and good morning everyone. Our prepared remarks were released with the earnings, so I will keep my comments brief, then open the line for your questions. We had a really strong quarter with adjusted EPS of $1.47, that's the highest in our history. Sales increased 7% year-over-year, 4% sequentially on pricing that was 6% higher than last year and 4% higher than last quarter. Segment income margin expanded 18.6%, that's a 260 basis point increase year-over-year and a 90 basis point sequential increase. In Engineered Materials, we delivered record revenue and segment income with strong demand across auto, consumer and industrial applications. Consumer Specialties' segment income was impacted by a third party power outage, interrupted operations at our cellulose derivatives facility in Narrows, Virginia. In Industrial Specialties, growth was driven by improvements in EVA polymers and the growing success of our environmentally friendly technology in emulsion polymers. Acetyl intermediates drove expanded margins through our commercial efforts in acetic acid and structural changes in VAM. Planned and unplanned VAM outages in the U.S. Gulf Coast also contributed this quarter. Cash flow generation was also strong with $253 million of operating cash flow. We deployed $50 million to repurchase about 800,000 shares and entered the quarter with a cash balance of $1.1 billion. We had great results in the first half of the year, which gives me confidence we are going to end the year having grown adjusted earnings in the range of 15% to 17%. This performance lets us shift our focus to developing the Celanese specific initiatives that can help offset the methanol headwinds of about $100 million expected in 2015. We are working on structural actions, like rearranging some of our debt, and opportunities in productivity and tax as a start. We plan to provide you with more clarity as we go through this year, but at this stage I am reasonably confident we can find ways to offset most of the methanol headwind. With that, I will now turn it over to Jon for Q&A.
Mark Rohr: Well I think where we are right now, that trend is continuing. But classically, in the fourth quarter, that business falls off pretty sharply. So what I would say is that you've had really good performance in the first two quarters, I think that will continue into this quarter and I expect the fourth quarter to drop off in a more seasonal norm.
Mark Rohr: Well there is a portion of it that won't repeat, and we have kind of racked our brain to try to quantify that. I wish I could give you a perfect answer. What we saw is, we saw, maybe $20 million or so last quarter, this quarter, I don't know, maybe about the same number that is kind of between the structural changes and a bit of the trade flowing balances [culled] [ph] some inflation in pricing. So I don't know what that number exactly is, but there are some numbers that represent a bit of a headwind there. Having said that, we have had some major outages this year that won't be repeated next year, that will offset a part of it. So what my intent is Robert, as we go through the next two earnings calls, I'd be very specific about laying out exactly what's before us, and exactly how we are going to grow this company through selling methanol and grow our earnings next year.
Mark Rohr: Let me give a shot at that John. So this is an industry that has been running and still runs with, on a global basis, excess capacity, and it’s a business also that -- my personal view is, is not return the cost of capital for a long period of time. So all those things kind of came together with companies like Celanese, a few of us independently shutting down, what were the least profitable assets and what was generally very poor profitable market. The impact of that on a global capacity basis was maybe 6%, 5% or 6% capacity removed. So I don't know if that put us above 70 or not, but you are just still thinking we are probably around 70% capacity utilization. The short term outages, and these are short term outages, made on a short term basis, taking 10% of capacity off the market. So maybe that got us on a short term basis to press past 70 of capacity utilization. So there is not a shortage of VAM globally on one hand. On the other hand, I think that this is an industry that has been plagued with tremendous, I don't know want to say, poor operating efficiency, in part because of its low levels of profitability. So I think in my own mind, we are seeing some reset of the value of VAM, and what I can't quantify exactly what that reset is, but I think it’s naturally going on around the world as this industry indirectly tries to get to a point where it starts return on capital.
Mark Rohr: If you look at -- if you take out kind of those numbers I quoted, VAM, you will see that we are growing our base level profitability in that double digit range on a year-over-year basis. And so I think the formula we have put in place to really push out and diversify our product mix, really bring intrinsic value to our customers and of course get compensated for that, combined with on the technology side, directly to marketing everyday, the products we have in our portfolio, to make sure we are extracting value. That formula is working, and that formula is working to the tune of getting this north of that 10% level that we have talked about so much, maybe in the low teens, but 10% to 12% compounded growth. So I think that is there. As this company grows, there is going to be a natural moderation of volatility from things like a VAM outage, or an outage of cellulose acetate, if I can use those as kind of two examples. That will naturally occur, John, but right now I think to be honest, absent the little bit of aberration in VAM, you are seeing that reduced volatility in our earnings. And with that, it’s kind of the improved predictability of earnings.
Mark Rohr: What I am trying to convey in that message, is a few things. First is, I work hard not to give you specific guidance. We tried to indicate from a directional point of view what's happening there. So the numbers that were out there in the Street had for last quarter, weren't really our numbers there, numbers that you got calculated. Corporately, what we are saying is that, we expect the third quarter to be pretty similar to this quarter, and we expect the fourth quarter to be pretty similar to what's a normal average for us, which is a pretty darn weak quarter, and that's how we do the mental math on that. So I think year-over-year, first half to second half, if you do that math, you will see that second half is a little bit less than the first half. And it all boils down to uncertainty we have about the fourth quarter.
Mark Rohr: We are pricing on some cases on a daily basis, so we are making incrementally conscious decisions about whether we sell or don't sell increments in the marketplace. So we have gotten as real time as you could get with that. In terms of the percentage contracts that have been changed, I'd say -- we are probably half on acid and probably a little bit -- I'd say maybe half.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. I am giving you -- you take that with a [bigger bout] [ph]. I don't know exactly the true numbers. But we started the process, we haven't completed the process, and we have still got good ways to go, and of course we’re working individually with customers, and we will do this year, next year, and the year after that, as these things roll off.
Mark Rohr: Well it depends on where you are in the world. It has been pretty successful in Asia, Duffy. It has been maybe less successful in the U.S., kind of [indiscernible]. We have seen a lot of inflation in ethylene in the U.S., and probably less movement, north movement certainly butadiene. So I think it has been, I would say, okay in Asia, where most of the capacity has come on, and probably not very much in U.S. and Europe.
Mark Rohr: Well, we are seeing good receptivity to our movement into servicing more of the French producers or the emerging producers, particularly in Asia and Southeast Asia. Clearly our market -- historical market has been, as you know Duffy, has been carbonated beverages has been the big sink for [SK] [ph], particularly in U.S. and Europe. So there has been some downward pressure that we have experienced over the last couple of years. I think that trend is probably -- I won’t say it’s going to continue, but it seems to be moderating just a little bit. So really the success this business is going to require is to push in a different market, and we are having some success, well that remains to be seen if we can get kind of the growth rate we'd like to see out of these molecules.
Mark Rohr: Well I think -- I don't know exactly how you work into that math. I am looking at it from a total corporation point of view, and to look from a total corporate point of view, I don't know if it will end up at $146 million next quarter, that'd be too much of a prediction. But what I will say is that the fundamentals today, when I look just at the sales forecast, I look at the net back, we are running at about that rate, maybe a little bit south of that, as we go through this quarter. So I think you should expect us to be in the general range of where we were in this quarter, I mean the last quarter. When I look at the fourth quarter though, when you work through that, we had a record fourth quarter last year, which I believe was $1.03 or something. That was an all time, never before done. People don't even want to talk about it -- kind of the number. So I am very conscious to the fact, that if you look at the motions -- in the motions area, the Engineered Materials there, you look at some of the seasonality we have seen historically and Industrial Chemicals that we could see a pretty good pull back just naturally, as we go through the end of this quarter, and go through the end of this year. So part of what you will hear me communicate is that uncertainty relative to that last quarter. That's how we got those numbers.
Mark Rohr: Right now, what we are communicating, let's say, we are going to slow that just a little bit, as we go through this recapitalization kind of debate and discussion. And as we get that done, we will share with you, kind of the pace that we are on. So you should expect the second half of the year, maybe a little bit less than the first half. When you go beyond that, we saw a good bit of cash on the balance sheet. Chris has his eyes on some of that for the recapitalization. We are very active in the M&A arena, and are looking hard to find ways so that we can supplement our portfolio in a very constructive fashion. So hopefully as we get at the end of this year, you will see some of that, and hear about some of those things.
Mark Rohr: Yeah Kevin. So regarding Bishop, that permitting process is underway, and I am looking at Gjon Nivica, our General Counsel there. Have any of the permits actually been filed, do you have -- its very close to the filing aspect of the permit. So Kevin, we are continuing to work that, we are negotiating with a number of folks that will try to get to a shortlist here in the fall, and we will keep reporting on that project, on how that project is developing. Regarding the methanol headwinds, we did arrange calculations there, and I think we used $4 to $5 a MMBTU per natural gas, and methanol was $500 to $600 a ton. So yeah you could argue, maybe we are down a little bit on methanol in that, but that was a range of $75 million to $125 million to $130 million. So where we are today, Kevin, its impossible to be any better than say about 100. Of course, which day you start up is worth, I don't know, $750,000 or whatever a day. But it’s a big number per day, may be $500,000 a day. So there is the big numbers there based on the schedule as well, and we are just doing our best to try to be frank about the volatility that -- not volatility, but the ambiguity we have about the exact number. Our plan is to go find $100 million to offset that and we are working like crazy to do it.
Mark Rohr: Yes. I mean, there has been a lot of activity. That activity has all been, from what I can tell, pretty thoughtful. In other words, it has all been focused on driving greater shareholder value. So we have met with a number of those firms. I will say that Kevin, they really talked through their thought process relative to how they think about opportunities for all those different scenarios that you mentioned. So at Celanese, we are all about driving and trying to create shareholder value, and for us, the portfolio connectivity now is a source of tremendous value for us, and value for our shareholders. And so, we are continuing to work it in that fashion. So going forward, from an M&A point of view, we are looking for ways that we extend the reach of our -- either our technology based kind of businesses, or our customer solutions kind of businesses. We are very interested in the materials space and expanding out in that, everything from biopolymers and cellulosics through to composites, particularly in aerospace and automotive, that's areas that are really emerging areas for us and are really attractive. I think some of the derivatives around [indiscernible] chemistry are also pretty much of interest to us, and we are working hard in that area as well. Well nothing specific to report to you today, but I can say, I got my best team on it, and they are working like crazy with the commercial leaders, to find really good opportunities for our shareholders.
Mark Rohr: Well Bob, I think -- I will throw out the $20 million number this quarter, and I am not trying to be flipping with that. It’s the hard calculus to do specifically in there, and only history will give you the exact number, but that's what we think. This quarter was probably the direct result of the tightening of the industry.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. We have a legacy contract on flake, and it’s a long term agreement, about a decade agreement, and we are in the last several years, providing flakes agreement. I am looking at it. Jon, [indiscernible] 17 maybe? 17 is the last year of that Jon, and it has formula step-in, so we actually took a slight stepdown in price this quarter versus last quarter, but that's kind of -- I think its going to generally run its course, and will be at this kind of level going forward, for the next couple of years.
Mark Rohr: Yeah. I'd be happy to. So that's a business that has been in decline in the developed world for a number of years. It has been growing primarily in Asia, primarily in China there to the tune of 3% to 4% per year. As the new regime took over and imposed a number of restrictions on the use of government credit cards, we saw actually a shift in that, and this year we think will be about flat in China. So the net effect of that probably has pushed the industry down, and these are my numbers, which take from what they're worth, my numbers would be 1% to 1.5% volume down right now, kind of globally. Now the backstop on that, the background on that, you recall we shut down, spun, and we took a fair amount of volume out ourselves last year. I was actually surprised how the industry seemed to be building volume around that time. The industry was running the very high 90% capacity utilization, maybe mid-90 kind of numbers and I think, but I can't tell you how much Bob, that inventory was built with all the end customers that -- through last year. We certainly saw that with some of our customers. As confidence has returned, the industry can handle the rates, some of that is backing out. So we are seeing some reduction of sales to customers, well we know -- our customer's demand has not changed, if that makes sense. We are seeing some moderation of that inventory, but I think that's kind of running this course through this year. That's a very long way to understand, we think we are kind of flat this year, and we think we will be kind of flat next year, as we see what really unfolds in China.
Mark Rohr: I'd really not say which one exactly our customers are, but we sell to a lot of folks, and so you shouldn't be surprised if we don't sell to some of those folks. Its not at all surprising to me. This is an industry that where you've had -- it’s a very distributed industry, primarily put in place to serve the fibers industry guys, long time ago. So you have got a lot of small facilities around the world, supporting tobacco industry and tobacco industry itself has got a lot of small facilities around the world supporting a number of brands. So there is going to be a natural consolidation that it goes through, as we go forward. I think that's a real healthy thing. That's my personal view on it. So it didn't surprise us. I expect you will see more, and I expect, just like you saw us take down an inefficient plant, you will see those kind of things going on and this industry kind of keeps itself in balance through the next couple of decades.
Mark Rohr: It’s a really interesting business. What we do in -- if I think about it from a customer facing technology point of view, we combine chemistry and applications to -- in a pretty unique way for the industry, and what's nice about that business is, we actually do that on a organic chemistry perspective. We are actually designing flavors and designing taste. I like that model, I like that concept, take chemistry and really modify it in a unique way and create a very unique application for the end market. So that kind of model is an integral part of Celanese. Having said that, we have strong ambitions for that business, and we are putting a lot of energy and effort into driving it. If it got to a point where someone else could drive that better, we'd certainly consider that. Right now, we think we are the right company to promote that technology and that brand, and I think inherently, its good for Celanese too, having that portfolio.
Mark Rohr: Yeah Jeff, if we just look at that, the first half this year, every economy in the world is better for every business we have year-over-year with the exception of Brazil, where we are seeing some slowdown, some systemic slowdowns that are impacting the automobile industry there, and most of our business there is auto related. In Europe, Europe has certainly learned to manage their debt crisis, or seems to be managing their debt crisis in a way that there is more certainty throughout the EU in their future. Of course, we are big players in the Engineered Materials space there and the Auto space, and that has been classically pretty good, although we are seeing some trends down year-over-year in Automotives there, that will probably impact us a bit in the second half. But if you look at coatings, if you look at C1 [ph] chemistry derivatives. Generally speaking, Europe is doing fine, and some signs of life and regions of Europe that have been pretty stagnant. So we are pretty pleased with Europe. India is better. Part of that is just pure optimism over Modi, but I think it is sort of the nature being down for so long, things have started picking up again, they seem to have more confidence to make investments there, that certainly had not been in place. Southeast Asia seems to be doing well. We are particularly pleased with our progress in Indonesia as an example, and feel pretty good about the election change that's occurred there and then what that means for that economy. In China, yeah, China is getting better Jeff. I think there is tremendous support for the Chinese government by the citizens of that country. There is a strong view that the Premier has the mandate to address the economic and social challenges of the country, and they have given him lots of latitude to do that. His moves against corruption there have been really positive and well received. So we feel good about China and one of the things I will say, maybe this is wishful thinking, is that the move on a part of a Chinese government to address some of the poor legacy investment decisions they have made, tighten up liquidity a bit, I think is trading [indiscernible] where businesses are making more rational decisions now than they used to make. At least it seems that way to me. We are not seeing a lot of crazy investments in our space. Investments that were guaranteed to have no return. That just doesn't seem to be happening right now. So industries are getting a bit tighter, and pricing is -- has more of a flavor, so it should return on capital to it today than it used to have. So we feel pretty good about the world, notwithstanding some of the craziness that's going on in some parts of it right now.
Mark Rohr: Hassan, there is nothing wrong with your question boss, I am probably not smart enough to answer it. What I will tell you directionally, is that we think we are roughly the same or trending down just a little bit and in AI, second quarter to third quarter and we think it would be a deeper trend down in the fourth quarter, as some of these great companies out there that have not been able to run their plants or get them back in operation. And when we do that math and kind of roll it all up, and we get our earnings in the second half to be a little bit less than our earnings in the first half, and that kind of gives us the forecast that we have out there.
Mark Rohr: No. I am not expecting any headwinds in raws, nor am I expecting any headwinds in raws, nor am I expecting any favorability either. I think within that norm, we go out there and we try to make sure we cover, if we have headwinds and if we have -- we always try to make money, so if we get an extra penny that comes through from raw materials, that's great, we try to put it in our back pocket. But no, I wouldn't -- I think -- there is nothing wrong again with your question, but I think our ability to be real specific with that is just a bit of a challenge. So I will give you an example in the -- if you look at it from a second quarter to the third quarter -- for our corporation as a whole, we think we are going to be -- maybe a little bit favorable in the third quarter versus the second quarter in raws. That's may be -- but at the same time, if I look at that in the second half versus the first half, maybe we are going to be impacted maybe to the tune of $20 million, as we see some real changes in some of the fundamental materials in different spots in the world. So that's the kind of volatility we see moving through these numbers, all of which we try to just manage on a day-to-day basis.
Mark Rohr: That's exactly right. So what we have said when we worked our schedule out, that we will be fully exposed for one quarter to commercial methanol prices of next year, and then every one quarter next year, and this will be the fourth. We will have operational -- our facility, that will cover two thirds of that domestic methanol, and the other third will be exposed. That's how we do the math in there. Of course, I can't guarantee you that day-to-day but that's our best guesstimate on that date. So each day that moves around, let's call it $0.5 million, that's the kind of volatility in there. The other one you have got is nat gas, and actually methanol costs in U.S., those are the three factors that go in that math.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, Chris you want to -- I mean, we have certainly looked at -- not for the first and the second, but the first is done without the second.
Christopher Jensen: Sure on the balance sheet, some of what we have said before -- when we are generating excess cash and this year is going to be a great year for good strong cash flow, there are different things that we can do with that, and our views haven't changed on that. Now you can look at the balance sheet and see that we have a couple of pieces of debt that we can address, so we have a revolver, that comes due in a year or so, and we have our most expensive bond that becomes callable here in October. So those are the key items in particular we are taking a look at, and I guess what I'd tell you that we are trying to balance, as we monitor these markets and figure out specifically what we will do, is the desire to take advantage of the interest rates that are available to us right now, but also making sure that we continue to maintain the nice flexibility that we have in the nature of the debt that we have. And finally, we constantly keep our eyes on having appropriate maturities coming out into the future, in terms of the timing of debt maturities.
Christopher Jensen: Yeah Jeff; that other activity segment has got a lot of stuff in it, but think of it generally being the functional activities of the company. In addition to that, another big slug is the non-service cost, elements of our pension programs globally go through there. So that movement you're seeing quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, I think I mentioned in the comments that we are pre-released. Some of that is just the timing of when our compensation changes come through. Some of it is money we are spending on initiatives that benefit the whole company and that's why they show up in that other area.
Christopher Jensen: Yes. There are several, and one of them is particularly large. Investments in these [indiscernible] companies over in Germany who manage side operations, side infrastructure for multi-plant chemical sites, and we have partial ownership in some of those operations. So if you're looking at the increase that you see there, quarter-on-quarter, mostly relates to a debt restructuring that happened, cleared down at a subsidiary level, underneath one of those investments. It was a situation where they had the opportunity to favorably restructure their debt. There was a big gain that came through. Its about $48 million for the company and most of it shows up in that other line that you're seeing.
Christopher Jensen: Hassan, let me add one thing there too. When you asked your question, I think I heard you say 165 of EBITDA versus 110 or 120? When you said 110 to 120, he was talking about EBIT, 165 was our EBITDA.
Christopher Jensen: Hassan, I wanted to step back and say first of all, the timing, if we did something like that, would be quite ways out [ph] I mean, these things have to be fully operational, making money before you can go try to sell shares in an MLP. I just want to make sure everybody is worried that this would be your [indiscernible] (44:09). It is something we have looked at. We are sharpening our pencils on that. One of the things we want you to know, that we think about is, the fact that enter into that space as a trade between getting paid now and yeah, we understand the concept of the multiples that happen in these deals, versus having appropriate pricing on our methanol that we need going forward, and that's what we look at.
