Jon Puckett: Thank you, Lacey, and welcome to the Celanese Corporation fourth quarter 2011 financial results conference call.  My name is Jon Puckett, Vice President, Investor Relations. On the call today are Dave Weidman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Steven Sterin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room today are Doug Madden, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Oberle, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs. The Celanese Corporation fourth quarter 2011 earnings release was distributed via BusinessWire this morning and is posted on our website, celanese.com. The PowerPoint slides referenced during this call are also posted on our website. Both items were submitted to the SEC and a current report on Form 8-K. Please note, we have made one update to slide seven of the PowerPoint presentation to clarify the outlook for the Advanced Engineered Materials was for the first quarter of 2012. This call, management may make forward-looking statements concerning, for example, Celanese Corporation's future objectives and results, which will be made under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The limitations inherent in such forward-looking statements are detailed in the earnings release referenced on Page five of the earnings release referenced during this call. Celanese Corporation's fourth quarter 2011 earnings release references the performance measures, operating EBITDA, business operating EBITDA, affiliate EBITDA and proportional affiliate EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share and net debt as non-US GAAP measures. For the most directly comparable financial measures presented in accordance with US GAAP and our financial statements and for a reconciliation of our non-US GAAP measures to US GAAP figures, please see the accompanying schedules to fourth quarter earnings release posted on our website, celanese.com. This morning Dave Weidman will briefly review the performance of the company and Steven Sterin will provide an overview of the business results for each segment and the financials. We have a question-and-answer period following with Dave, Steven, and Doug. I’d like to now turn the call over to Dave Weidman. Dave.
Jon Puckett: Thanks Mark. We have several people on the call this morning, so we ask that you limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. Lacy, please open it up for questions.
Jon Puckett: Thank you, Lacey. We’ll be around for questions later. We appreciate your interest in Celanese and the time you’ve spent with us today, and I’ll be around all day, and the rest of the week to take questions. Thanks.
Dave Weidman: Jon, thanks, and welcome everyone to today’s call. Because we released our preliminary 2011 results two weeks ago, I’ll keep my prepared remarks brief, so that we can allow ample time for Doug and Steve to answer your questions. 2011 was a record earnings year for Celanese. Additionally, we hit several significant milestones critical to our commitment to grow earnings 10% to 15% per year. I’d like to highlight a few of these achievements.  First, we remain on track with our TCX ethanol technology commercialization plants. Not only are we meeting targets for our plants, but a few days ago, we saw a legislation introduced to the US Congress, that if passed, would open up ethanol produced using TCX technology to the $40 billion US ethanol fuels market. Second, innovative new products and applications are making a larger contribution. For example, our emulsion products can now be found in nontraditional applications in the paper and carpet markets, as well as paints sold at the leading big-box retailer. Also, we’re excited about the pipeline of new-generation products from Ticona, Nutrinova, and our other businesses. Third, the recently completed capacity expansions in AEM and the acetyl chain provide us with the capacity needed to support growth. This is particularly critical as we anticipate that global markets will continue to experience steady growth. Fourth, we completed the acquisition of two product lines that will support Industrial Specialties’ strategic growth objectives. We continued a pursued approach of strategic bolt-on acquisitions. Fifth, our results in productivity were continuous and sustainable. Across the company, hundreds of projects focused on sustainable productivity allowed us to meet or exceed our target of $40 million to $60 million of annual productivity net of inflation. And lastly, off my announced intent to retire from Celanese in early April. The Celanese Board chose Mark Rohr to become our next Chairman and CEO. I’m confident that under Mark’s leadership, Celanese will continue to be successful in its strategic pursuit of becoming a premier chemical company.  As this will be my last earnings call, I’d like to publicly recognize the Celanese team who accepted the invitation to pursuit premier, and whose contributions I’ve had the privilege of discussing with our shareholders for almost 12 years. I’d also like to thank our investors, whose trusts and confidence in us was exceeded only by their willingness to offer their perceptive business insights and share their thought for world views. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Steven.
Dave Weidman: And, David, so I think that’s clear the case of Acetyls, which has a little bit shorter lead time, but that’s what we’re seeing. We do have some businesses, particularly our Advanced Engineered Materials, they have a bit longer lead time on their order books. And as we lookout 30 days, 45 days there we’re seeing sequential improvement across those businesses, and thus we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing in AEM and other businesses.
Dave Weidman: A lot of good progress has occurred. On a broad basis, you saw the announcement of the US legislation that was introduced, and this is important in the journey. I don’t think that the legislation is – we’re optimistic, but it will take a while for the legislation to get passed in the US. China, good progress going on there. And, I’ll let Steve, to talk about that.
Dave Weidman: So, Bob, I think if you translate that, we’d normally expect two to three times GDP growth in this business. You’ll probably be a little more towards the lower end, because of Europe. But when it comes to our control bars, our innovation efforts, and as Doug said the other regions, we’re seeing nice healthy demand. So still AEM will be a strong contributor to the growth 2011 to 2012.
Dave Weidman: Yes, we’ve talked a little bit about that in the past. If you go back to – if you look at the end of 2010 and the first part of 2011 before the downturn, we’re running in a 125 to 135 range. I think from where we are today that’s normal – what I’d say is normal. So we’d be probably modestly below that in the first quarter moving back towards that in the second quarter. And certainly we think we’re going to grow through that in the normalized range as we move later in the year. Just keep in mind, this business grows the GDP plus a 100 to 150. And so when you take out the softness of Europe and you begin to recover and get normal global GDP growth on top of that your new normal back half of the year should be a little bit north of that. And so, net-net, think of AI as being flat this year, but a little soft in the first half just as we come out of the European softness.
Dave Weidman: Yes.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then a follow-up if I may for Steve. On slide 13, on your cash flow table there, you have a category called reserve/other indicated at a $190 million to $200 million. It looks to be a much larger number than you indicated last quarter for 2011, maybe up a $100 million, $110 million. I was wondering if you could elaborate on what is in that bucket and what is driving the increase, please.
Dave Weidman: Yes. As we look at – so when you look at the CO2 option footprint of various hydrocarbon based technologies, we think that we’re better than nearly all other options for the use of natural gas in the United States. So on a relative basis, it’s a very low CO2 option for the use of gas. The same holds true in China. If you look at competing technologies using coal, either coal-to-liquids or coal-to-energy, we’ve got an advantage footprint versus those other technologies as well. We think bio has a role too. We’ve always thought that that’s an important part of having a all of the above approach to solving our energy issues. So that’s how we view it.
Dave Weidman: So at a high level if you were to walk from 2012 to 2013, think about this two to three times GDP as Doug said, we have some visibility, because we’ve got a pipeline, we’re working on model years that go out to that period of time. So you’ve got the market – the penetration in the applications. And so if you think about a business that’s generating 1.3 plus top line, you should think about 3 to 3.5 GDP, you get pretty strong top line growth. The translation is also very high.  These are high variable margin businesses, product lines, because they bring a lot of value to the customer, and they are replacing more expensive components where they enhance the cost position of our customer. So you get somewhere between 30% to 40% – 45% translation to the bottom line.  And then you also – so that right there, you could do the math on it, it gets you in the $40 million to $50 million a year of growth, and then you see another $10 million or $15 million coming through your affiliates because of the same types of drivers. They’ve also got advanced technologies and a POM, and there we’ve got an expansion taking place in one of those business – in one of those affiliates in Malaysia to serve the fast-growing Asia market. So we feel really good about the continued growth in this business.
Dave Weidman: Yes, COFCO has been public about their intent. There is a number of others – I mean there is a lot of technology taking place – a technology development in early stages taking place. We – when we did our Investor Day, we were already aware of that, and so COFCO’s bold moves they’ve been out, talking about this technology and working on it for quite a while.  We still think that we’ve got the lowest costs and most scalable which is very important in the fuels industry technology, on a order of magnitude five to 10 times larger than anybody has announced even an entitlement size of scale. So we’re not surprised by it, we’re aware of it, and we realize this is a big playing field the fuels industry, and there is a lot of players trying to figure out ways into the space through different routes. But we think that our route, because of leverages, our advantage in Acetyl Intermediates and what we have done there over the last 35 years positions us as the leader in the ethanol industry going forward.
Dave Weidman: Yes. If you look at – if you look at what people have said that they can do, nobody has demonstrated yet, but if you just take it on the face value, we offer a scaled advantage at lower capital and [inaudible] technology, which typically I wouldn’t point out, because at the end of the day it’s ROI. But we’ve got that advantage. And then when you look at the fuels industry, because of the size of refineries are million tons facilities match up really well for the fuels industry.
Dave Weidman: Yes, we haven’t commented specifically on what the CapEx is for this retrofit unit, because it is – but let me – I’ll give you a basis to go also. We’ve said that our investment in Greenfield is $300 million for a 4,000-ton unit off a Greenfield, and less than a double that for a million unit. So you could imagine that would be less than $300 million. And typically these are 24 to 36-month type of projects on the Greenfield, so it’s a little bit shorter timeframe when it’s a retrofit.
Dave Weidman: Yes. This is public, so you can go back and look at it. But Sinopec has talked about – so there is really two clear leaders that makeup the majority of the Chinese gasoline distribution market, Petrochina and Sinopec. And Sinopec has been public in stating that they’re not going to put methanol into their gasoline, because there is risk of toxicity, it’s a highly toxic additive. There are provinces that or that have methanol units that are underutilized. Methanol can be put in gasoline on a molecular basis per ton it is cheaper, but it’s a higher rebate for pressure and other challenges associated with it. And as we look at China as a whole, we view that as on the outside, but one of the solutions in some of the provinces could be methanol, but we think based on comments by the government, comments by the leaders in the industry that ethanol has a [inaudible] on it.
Doug Madden: Yes, Dave, a good question. Like Steven said in his comments, we’re seeing order patterns typical of normal seasonality. I’d say that everything we see right now I say is on track with our thoughts and our view you’re going to Chinese New Year as you know. And, typically, it’s a little softer until you come out of it. It leads probably about a week before the actual New Year. And by the time the units gets started up, it usually lags a little bit. This year, Chinese New Year was early, so in spite of that we’re seeing the orders and order patterns and the strengths really, really solid and in line with what our normal seasonality would be.
Doug Madden: Yes, so you’ve seen over the last couple of weeks, acid pricing starting to move up. I’m sure everybody looks at some of the published reports that are out there that has it little north of 400. I think it’s somewhere in the 420 type of range today, which is probably about $10 to $20 higher than where you saw it towards the end of the year.
Doug Madden: Yes, Bob, this is Doug. So you kind of look around the world, as we said, this year we see still growth overall, some of that coming clearly in different regions of the world, a lot of that coming out of the innovation efforts that we’ve got going on in our own shop. But as you look at Europe, Steven said, we expect a little softness in Europe, coming out of the market, you look at things like auto builds, expected to be down probably mid single-digits year-over-year. But as you look at the US, we expect the US to be up by that or a little bit more and then across Asia as well, demand there continues to be strong for auto builds.  You think about the electronics market, last year, we saw little bit softer demand. We would expect with the GDP growth and with some of the programs that we’ve got in the commercialization, we start to see some growth there. So I’d say Europe flat-to-modestly down, US up for AEM, and Asia up as we continue to invest in the business there for growth. 
Doug Madden: Laurence, so with our AEM business, we’ve got leading positions in the industries that we serve. And if you take a look at the business model that we’ve got, we are set to drive through our innovation programs, being able to put, for instance, more parts, more weight, more value on bigger goals, to be able to bring innovation to the world of electronics which frankly has got some fairly growth rates. So as you kind of take a look at across the portfolio with our engineering and with some of the solutions that we bring to these small high-value parts, we’re able to grow substantially greater than GDP.  Remember also that we’ve been – we’re investing heavily in Asia, and the growth rates in Asia are certainly elevated. And I’m not speaking out just China specifically, but as you look across the globe, we’ve got great presence in each of the regions, and certainly in the highest growth regions, we’ve got a great portfolio of products that goes broadly across large application areas and all of those are in high growth areas, and we’ve got a business model that allows us to build close relationships with engineers in the value and use model that drives the two or three times GDP growth. 
Doug Madden: P.J., you’ve clearly seen a shift on the SB versus the vinyls, but I wouldn’t want to understate the performance features that our vinyl’s technology bring us as well without taking you through to the whole thing is, it’s largely on performance, there is a significant shift underway on the pricing. So when you look at the value and use of pricing model that we bring to those two end users, it’s been significant increase in the portfolio.  As Steven has said, it’s a big market; styrene butadiene itself is a huge market. We see this as structural, we see this as long-term, we’ve moved forward in advance of our innovation targets there. And I can tell you that with the agreements in the commercialization plants that we put in place in ’11 and ’12, it’s a sizeable part of going forward what we think of is that business.
Doug Madden: And, P.J., the only I’ll add to that, I think that’s – that announcement is dated, but I think it’s a – I think it’s a demonstration unit. I think it’s a small demonstration unit it’s certainly not a commercial unit.
Steven Sterin: Yes, our – as you look out to 2013, that’s in the middle of the year is when we targeted our first full-scale industrial ethanol unit to start out 200,000 tons that remains on track. We’re optimistic about the progress we’re making there in the permitting process and the engineering and construction process. So that remains on track. We’re still in negotiations with a couple of parks in China and working those options for Greenfield sites, so stay tuned on that, we’ll update you as we progress, but we’re still in negotiations.  And then you asked about fuels. We continued over the last 90 days from our last update, I’d say we’ve got a few more projects in the pipeline than we did then, the projects that we’ve mentioned continue to move forward, so the momentum is positive. We’ve said that we may not announce anything until we get to more definitive agreements just given the length of the negotiation process and the duration and the types of contracts that we’re talking about under our tolling model. But in general, we’ve got more commercial activity taking place in fuels with more projects over the last 90 days.
Steven Sterin: Yes. Frank it’s done and it’s finished. It really is just the timing of some sales. The disruption was really tied to some third-party services. It’s – we’ve addressed that the units are – they’re operating. So really it’s just the timing of sales. Net-net to the year, no change, no blood, just the timing from Q1 to Q2.Frank Mitsch – Wells Fargo Securities: All right, terrific. Thank you so much.
Steven Sterin: Yes. We mentioned a couple in the fourth quarter. One of them actually closed in the first quarter of this year, the DuPont acquisition – I’m sorry Ashland acquisition that we completed in the AEM business, so we’ve got rolling in the first quarter. Those were the type of acquisitions that we call them center of the fairways looking at technologies, product lines, parts of businesses as we’ve talked in the past, so not a meaningful change in our strategy.  In terms of M&A, we’re still holding to a very strict financial discipline around four to six [inaudible] synergy multiple. Other uses of cash is really unchanged. Continuing to fund the pension plan as we’ve mentioned and then balance beyond that between – probably the next large use of cash is debt repayment over time, continue to reinvest in the business and in the projects that we’ve talked about like industrial ethanol, and then also share repurchases, and we’ve moved our dividend up over the last couple of years. So you can expect directionally similar types of the capital structure actions.
Steven Sterin: So think about that as a cost that impacted us in the fourth quarter. It was included in our numbers, so we really just called it out to bring your attention to it. And the key issue is, it’s not something that will reverse, but it’s something that won’t recur. So if you – we provided that so you can get a sense of what the fourth quarter would have looked like absent that amount. So yes you’re right, as you move into the first quarter, you shouldn’t see those types of charges again.
Steven Sterin: Yes, great question. So this year, you’ll see a little bit more EBITDA growth in EPS, because we do have some additional depreciation. We also have some favorable interest. Taxes should be in the similar range. So I’d say it’s fairly balanced, maybe a little bit more in EBITDA, because of the depreciation, not being in that line. And as you move to 2013, as we’ve said, to achieve our objectives of north of $6 a share, a lot of that is Celanese controllable activities.  I’d say the first category is being positioned for growth to move our innovations pipeline forward, whether it’s the expansion of our POM facility in Germany, our emulsions expansions in Asia, our expansions in our EVA business, and our industrial ethanol facility in China, those are levers that will provide us growth as we move forward. So think about growth driven by – some from GDP, but principally through our innovation efforts, and we’ve got capacity in place to grow. The second area is – I failed to mention, sorry, one other growth area, which is the expansion of our Chinese joint ventures that will begin to see the benefit up in 2013 in our acetate business. And the second area, in our Consumer Specialties business, we’ll – should see this benefit from the shutdown of the Spondon facility, which is about $30 million to $40 million in 2013. So that remains on track and is a contributor to our earnings growth between ’12 and ’13.  So if I were to step back and just kind of summarize it kind of business-by-business, I’d say in the Acetyl Intermediates business, you can think about GDP plus a 100 to 150 basis points of growth, we’re positioned for it; the cost curve remains intact; and we also at our Investor Day last year talked about some nice productivity coming out of that business that will even strengthen ourselves on the cost curve.  In our AEM business, two to three times GDP with high conversion, we said we’ll be at the lower end of that, we expect to be more in the normal range next year as Europe begins to recover.  Consumer Specialties; as I mentioned, Spondon shutdown and the acetate expansion will drive the growth there. We have got some exciting innovation in our Nutrinova business as well. So you should see earnings growth in that business. We continue to – we have announced some price increases in that business.  And we think about our Industrials – Industrial Specialties business, actually we’re doing – our innovation programs were ahead of schedule. We thought we’d be around $200 million plus in 2013, we did a $150 million in 2011. So Industrial Specialties is becoming a bigger and more important part of the this strategy and demonstrating our true innovation programs.  And then I would say the other key element is the industrial ethanol startup that’s planned for the middle 2013 in China. Keep in mind that that’s actually a retrofit into our existing facilities. So we’ll be taking raw materials out of the acetyl product chain and moving them into the industrial ethanol business. So you’ll see some earnings growth come from that as well. One more quick note, we’ve mentioned this before, but there are some upsides to the 2013 that are not included in our numbers, and that would be a recovering in housing in the US or Europe, but most likely the US, as well as recovery in automotives in the West. And so we’re excited about 2013. And we’re also generating significant cash flows. So you got to take that into account as you look at EPS growth that we’ll have and a very strong cash generation over the next two years.
Steven Sterin: Yes, that’s a great question. Industrial – I’ll break into industrial and fuel. And industrial will be the low-cost producer. Think of it similar to our advantage into acetyl. So we show a leading cost position to our customers from the industrial market. That’s why we think we can capture a significant portion of the growth in China.  In the fuels market, in the Eastern – well I’ll say broadly Eastern Hemisphere, so Asia, China specifically where you don’t have variable land, you don’t have biomass, you don’t have alternatives, you’re really competing against low prices which have shown a resiliency to stay high versus our low-cost coal-to-liquid or gas-to-liquid technology. So we think the value proposition is very strong in Asia and Middle East.  In the Americas, in Brazil and the US, they’re the largest markets, so it’s a tremendous opportunity, but you have a lot of capacity there today. We still think will be competitive certainly versus some of these new low-energy density technologies, whether it’s waste or biomass. And so we feel that we will also be the low-cost producer in this region of the world as well.
Steven Sterin: Yes, that’s higher than our normal run rate, which I’d say is more probably in that – as you said, $110 million to $120 million level.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Steven Sterin: Yes. I think if you look over the timeframe, one of the things – and we can – it’s all public and perhaps we can help you with you this is, there has been some divestitures that we’ve done that didn’t get Trespaphan [ph] treatment, so that’s affecting the – when you look at our volume lines.  So – but if you look across the Advanced Engineered Materials business, you can certainly see the growth there. That business was somewhere in – back in that timeframe around $700 million. We’re about $1.2 billion this year.  Acetyl Intermediates, we’ve continued to run full. And we say, over time, we’re going to grow with the market. So in Industrial Specialties, you could see the top line growth there. So I think you’re probably seeing some of the noise from some of the divestitures. So we can help you with that.
Steven Sterin: No. Some of the divestitures didn’t get that Trespaphan treatment where you’d normally strip it out.
Steven Sterin: Hi, this is Steven. I think you highlighted a couple of key points. So I think – I’ll make two points about the affiliates. One is, as we’ve talked before, we don’t get a full recognition of their earnings in our EBITDA, and table eight of our press release shows you that we have a $150 million of earnings not included. So I think that’s an important point as you look at the overall affiliates impacting the value of the company. The second key point is that these affiliates pay cash, they’re not just – P&L benefits they’re actually generating cash.  And then I would differentiate the affiliates into two categories, because our – even seen an affiliate – it’s going to be a platform for POM growth long-term as we’re going to build a facility there. But think of it today – it’s got a – a lot of it is hedged to raw materials. So it really is an offset to what’s happening in the business. So I would consider that more part of kind of normal operating cash flows coming [Technical Difficulty].  And then when you look at Celanese cash position today – when you look at 2012, keep in mind what I mentioned earlier, you’ve got higher reserve spending, because of our Spondon shutdown, but that’s got a very high cash payback. And then the other key as we are funding our pension plan, so to the extent you consider that a form of deleveraging, that’s in the $150 million range. So that’s the key part of operating capital.  So I think when you look at those components that helps to provide a little bit more granularity into what’s driving cash flows. But to me as I’ll look at it, we’re able to fund the continued expansion of really the portfolio globally as we’ve talked today about the projects that are out there fund the pension plan have a natural hedge in our even senior venture have a nice global position that complements our AEM business with our [inaudible] affiliates and still generate significant capital beyond that as we paid down $300 million in debt over the last 18 months.
