Surabhi Varshney: Thank you, Jamie. Welcome to the Celanese Corporation second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. My name is Surabhi Varshney, Vice President, Investor Relations. With me today are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Jensen, Chief Financial Officer; Scott Sutton, Chief Operating Officer; and Pat Quarles, President Acetyls Chain. Celanese Corporation's second quarter 2017 earnings release was distributed via Business Wire yesterday after market closed. The slides for the call and our prepared comments for the quarter were also posted on our website, www.celanese.com in the Investor Relations section. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed today and included in our presentations may include forward-looking statements concerning, for example, Celanese Corporation's future objectives and results. Please note the cautionary language contained in our posted slides. Also, some of the matters discussed and presented include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations of these measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures are included with the press release and on our website in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. The earnings release and non-GAAP reconciliations have been submitted to the SEC on a Form 8-K. The slides and prepared comments have also been submitted to the SEC on a separate Form 8-K. This morning, we'll begin with introductory comments from Mark Rohr and then open-up for your questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mark now.
Surabhi Varshney: Thank you, Mark. I would like to request our callers to please to limit to one question and a follow-up. Jamie, please open the line for Q&A.
Surabhi Varshney: Thank you, Jamie. And thanks everybody for your questions and for listening in this morning. We will be around, if you have any further questions after the call. Jamie, I will turn the call back to you now.
Mark Rohr: Thank you, Surabhi, and welcome to everyone listening in today. We have posted our prepared remarks along with earnings yesterday, so I'll limit my comments and then open the line for questions. First a few performance highlights. We successfully completed the Clear Lake, Texas site turnaround to repair and upgrade unit operations, on-time, on-budget and injury free. We also made significant progress with SO.F.TER and Nilit integrations and announced an agreement with Blackstone to form a new European-based cellulose acetate company to better support global customers and technology. In the second quarter, we reported GAAP earnings of $1.72 per share and adjusted earnings of $1.79 per share, both second quarter records. In the second quarter, we returned $237 million of cash to investors, with $172 million in share repurchases. By the end of 2017, we expect to have completed $500 million worth of share repurchases. And as you have probably seen, we just announced a new share repurchase authorization of $1.5 billion. The Acetyl Chain income came in at $132 million, that’s 19% higher year-over-year, driven by commercial agility and production flexibility. Product swaps and regular supply chain planning allows Celanese to participate in the market and overtime production limitations at Clear Lake as well as industry supply constraints. Income margin for the Acetyl Chain was 16% driven by pricing improvements. Materials Solutions increased net sales to a record of $709 million in the second quarter, as rapid growth in Advanced Engineered Materials outpaced the decline in acetate tow volume and price. AEM reported a second highest ever segment income of $142 million, 28% higher than the same quarter last year. Volume increased double-digits year-over-year driven by SO.F.TER. and Nilit, organic growth and greater penetration in China. As expected, segment income margin for AEM was 290 basis points lower year-over-year, with integration of recent acquisitions and growth in Asia. The team closed a record of 547 projects in the quarter, allowing us to increase a target for projects close in 2017 by 5% to roughly 2,000. In Consumer Specialties, segment income in the second quarter was $79 million, in line with our previous guidance. Tow price and volume were lower year-over-year driven by reduced industry utilization rates. We expect earnings for the third and fourth quarter 2017 to be around the second quarter level and with 2018 results would be in line with 2017. For the rest of 2017, there are a number of efforts are underway to utilize our unique commercial models and leverage our operational flexibility. Record numbers of projects commercializations and strategies to take advantage of raw material volatility will extend the second quarter success throughout the year. We are therefore increasing our expectations for adjusted earnings per share growth to be in the 9% to 11% range for 2017.
Mark Rohr: Yes, that’s right. I mean the direct is 15 and indirect as Pat talked about the inefficiencies in our system. You can -- and some of that far to net, net of exactly, but so you call another 15 for that.
Mark Rohr: Yes, that quite answers of your first question. I mean I think when we look at putting these two businesses together, P.J., what we really will have in place is we will have a business that can really focus on the tremendous amount of changes underway in the tow industry, much of which is promoting the use of more sophisticated tow materials of cellulose acetate material as well as new technology out there to find uses for cellulose acetate, some of which we -- we're pretty excited about. And I think our partners Blackstone also have something to be excited about, so that marriage of those things gives us a chance to create truly a sustainable business model. Out of that, we expect that model to continue to contribute earnings to Celanese and we expect to continue to see high levels of free cash flow generation. And in some time, we think it will be a standalone entity that will have all the strength and power that should have in a standalone entity. What we do that again? Sure. I mean I think it’s -- we already feel like we have got -- we have three number one businesses as we like to say. And if there’s a way in the chain business, we could bring in other assets of businesses and find ways to key it up to grow with the kind of pace we expect it to grow. We'd absolutely do that.
Mark Rohr: Yes, as I have always said, China, we know, China is structurally over supplied in such a large way. So I'm not going to tell you, you are going to have this global tightening. And what we have to do to manage between the differentiations that we have in our cost structure between the three acid units around the world, and tie those together in a way in which we can capture a value as it presents to itself quickly. And that’s how we have to do it Duffy. I am not going to tell you that demand is going to certainly overcome or the supply coming out of China. It's not going to unfold that way. We are working hard in China to try and to drive conversations and outcomes that might put the supply side in a more sustainable position. But that also is a complicated process given the nature of China.
Mark Rohr: Yes, thanks. It's really building out the comment I just made being quick. There is some interesting things going on inside China today that presented an opportunity for us to drive some value. And on the VAM business for instance and I talked last quarter about the implication of high ethylene price on our ability to compete versus the carbide suppliers in the first quarter and how we backed away from the market. That situation did reverse as we got into the second quarter. It allowed us to reengage with the market. As we sit today in addition to that competitiveness, we also see some supply outages. You got a lot of rain in central China that's driving difficulty getting product down the Yanji and to the coastal market, that’s providing an opportunity for us to drive value as well. And as those opportunities present themselves, we will really jump on it. And I would say similarly with acid where we're monitoring kind of what the supply dynamics are and when we will see something, we are going to jump on it. It may not last -- it may not last to quarter, it may not last to month, but as it last we are going to go grab it.
Mark Rohr: Well, let me start with the background there. We feel pretty good about the pipeline. I will say that, that we thought that we had a couple of deals we are working and pulled away from is again, no reason other than the ownership is to elect not to sell. This sets us back just a little bit, but we have a number of indicative offers out that out there now that we are discussing to try to see close on some deals here. So, we are working that hard as we said, and you know Mike, we have made the comment that we need to -- there needs to be a continuation for us I think to continue to expand our business profile and market reach and access, so we can imply our sales to keep this growth going. So, we are working hard. We feel pretty good about the pipeline. And that’s really helped be in position to announce something we just can’t quite do that now.
Mark Rohr: Yes, I'm not sure I am okay drive that is supplier disciplined. I think the conversation we have had before was there were indications that these units that are kind of structurally impaired to use the technical term because they're just oversupplied in the challenges we all see in margin is leading people to consider option for rationalization or consolidation. But it's just hard to get that done in China, but it’s a start, right. If guys have social obligations beyond just financial, it's different than the way we think. And so they have to work these things through. So that’s what I was speaking to during the last call. And I would say those things still exists, it's just a process. And kind of here and now, the weather impact and so forth is that -- I would say that just as very reflective of the nature of our business that it hinges on people's ability to continuously run and meet market demand and the changing economics that happened inside China and our ability to manage our system around it to capitalize on that volatility.
Mark Rohr: Well, I think I've gotten since up from what we have been saying, there mathematically, John, you are probably, right. But we think we are promoting to pushing up our guidance and our earnings in the second half of the year, which is what our original premise was, more robust outage as you may recall there. Key risk to I think really when you push in this kind of level with earnings, it's that business gets weak in the fourth quarter for some reason, we can't predict. That’s, I mean, that’s always a risk when you get into this from a trend point of view, that 9% to 11% we believe is fair. And we think -- from our point of view, we think that’s an improvement we try to signal improvement than we were before.
Mark Rohr: Yes, Arun, we believe where we are now is roughly a baseline and of course we went through it as we had advertised that step down, it was going to occur in the second quarter so you have seen that. We will continually work to try to tune that up a bit by ways we can impact those earnings, and we’ll need to a little bit to be flat year-over-year. But we expect that run rate that you're seeing now as those good numbers ending to run out through this year.
Mark Rohr: Well, with what several 100 basis points from a dilutive effect of this which it will come into portfolio, we were very open about that process. These companies we are buying have margin levels of roughly half of ours. So our strategy is to oversee the times to get those levels up to our existing levels. So, you expect, if we did any other acquisitions relatively push that margin back up over some period of time. If on the other hand, we are continuing to roll in acquisitions like this on annualized basis, I think you are going to see numbers more like where we are now. In other words, if there’s always a dilutive impact on a new term basis that we haven’t recovered, you won’t be able to push it out. So, I think somewhere between where we were and what we are today, is the long-term average for our company, but near term is going to be closer to this level.
Mark Rohr: Well, I think it's not -- it's not a top of our list where we'd like to invest our money today. We like high methanol prices, but we also like methanol volatility and we think certainly the coastal MTO facilities out there created the helm of that volatility. So net, net that’s good for us. So right now, we are not taking our position on that, we are just watching that market and continue to consider it. If there were to be another investment, we will probably watch our company to do it, but right now it's not very high on our list.
Mark Rohr: I think, Jim, we understand with given some specific dates, we're just really getting started in this process. So, I think if you'll be a little bit patient, we will share more of that probably in October timeframe after we're fully in it and have the ability to maybe to get a sense of the pace people are working out and things like that. The carve out process is just some of the many things we have got to do to prepare our assets, I mean, to compare ourselves as this transfer our assets into the new JV. So that process is a multi-month process and it will probably take us to the end of this year or next to complete.
Mark Rohr: Well, like we said outline, our purpose here is to create shareholder value, so we don’t look at ourselves as being constrained in any way to do that. We also said we are not going to do anything that’s coactively stupid or anything that destroy shareholder value. So, if you look at the deal we just did, as a sad part of that if selling these taken a position to sell that assets, let's say, the net of that probably would have been about the level of this dividend that we received. So, we've structured the deal in a way that's going to have a tremendous shareholder value creation as a result of it net, net. And you are taking what was already arguably one of the best, if not the best cellulose acetate business in the world, and you're making it even better by combining those two great businesses. So that kind of structure, would we do that again and again? Sure we would. It’s not easy to do but we certainly would. We believe that Materials is best-in-class in terms of the solution base formulas that we have. We have more bandwidth on our molecules than anyone else in that space and we have ways to continue to grow that. We would like to do a bigger deal in that space absolutely if do we find one to fit. If you look at the chain business, the chain business is awesome. At a time where no one can look at the industry metrics and believe you are able to generate this kind of margin off of that business, we continue to do it because of the unique nature and differentiated nature of that business. There are also ways we can expand that. So I think what you're happier selling these as you have a leadership team that’s fully driven to create shareholder value, and we don’t feel like we have constrained anywhere to do that. But we don’t want to do just bust down for the sake of buying it nor sell something just for the sake of doing it. It’s got to really translate in incremental shareholder value or we can’t do it.
Mark Rohr: Yes, building on that. If you look at -- just a little bit on that, if you look at although, you’ve seen numbers quarter-to-quarter 10% drop in Germany and yes we are still seeing our volume hold go up in those cases. So, we don’t look at it as markets as much as with the applications and technology. That’s how we persist.
Pat Quarles: Sure. Hey, Bob. So, if you think about our priorities, we entered the second quarter, yes, there were a few things in front of us. Our turnaround, priority number one is don’t let it get by hurt as they come on to our side, we had over 1,200 new contractors on the site to help us complete that maintenance work. And we are very proud that the men and women down at Clear Lake, we were able to send those guys back home, everyday safely, so that’s a whole turnaround, that’s a great accomplishment. And of course secondly to meet the commitments that we made to our customers as a leader in Acetyls business globally. And we are able to accomplish that despite the turnaround by a variety of sourcing arrangements and moving of molecules around our systems. So, Mark mentioned, swaps, so we had agreements to co-producers to provide us some products. We actually even uneconomically had to move products out of China and out of Singapore to meet our commitments in the West. So, one of the reasons we talk about this $30 million impact in the second quarter, is related to that commitment to meet our customers' needs, and we were able to get through that without incident. So, that’s really it what sets us up for the improvement as we go in the third quarter, because we just won't -- not only we will not have work going on at Clear Lake, we won't have the inefficiencies of the needs to move those molecules around to meet market requirements.
Pat Quarles: Sure, yes. Jeff, I think acid and VAM both went in the right direction obviously to get that result almost equally, globally. Mark is right of course, we do made most of our money in the west. We did have a change in the circumstance for VAM specifically 1Q to 2Q, which I have mentioned earlier right. So, we did reenter and versus second quarter we did better in VAM than we did in the prior quarter. That was a sequential kind of a differential market driven improvement. Otherwise, I would say you just had that environment because of what we were doing in the market and impact to the outages that allowed general market inflation throughout.
Pat Quarles: Yes, this is Pat. I think the way fair price methanol is that’s going to be volatile and it’s very difficult particularly in the second half of the year to have a strong outlook in which way it’s going. If I appreciate, it's right. We’ve been talking about MTO coming on stream in China on the coast buying 3 million to 4 million tons a year of new methanol demand. And that’s kind of matched against their ethylene and polyethylene alternatives. And with the way now it's coming, you have got coast. You know, candidly, I think it’s just a question mark as to how that plays through in the coming months. One thing we would anticipate is just the volatility piece of it. So, we have positioned ourselves on both sides of it to be prepared to drive either operationally or pricing margin-wise to get the best out of -- out of that volatility that we can. It’s going to be somewhat interesting to watch in these coming months as to how these dynamics play out.
Pat Quarles: I think we made from what we are anticipating. We are absolutely seeing the new demand coming. I mentioned about 4 million tons in new demand associated with MTO on the China coast. So that is they are structurally. But the volatility dynamic now is the choices that they make economically between their ethylene and by ethylene alternatives. So that’s why structurally I think the market is in a better place than it used to be. And yes the volatility is going to be the principal driver because we have so much demand now tied to basically the ethylene or C2 chain versus just a straight Q1 chain. And that’s a new dynamic for this business.
Chris Jensen: Yes, right now, we are assuming it will be the same as what we were using today, which the way we do quarters, it's -- the rate used in the quarters to regular expect for the year.
Chris Jensen: Hey, Jim, this is Chris. Let me just add to that. When we said carve out in this particular transaction, this is not complicated from a physical asset separation perspective. We are really talking about systems processes and legal entity and tax structures.
Chris Jensen: Yes, Vincent, I would tell you the number Mark just threw out there and what we have talked about on run rate basis does include tax impacts. And we have done a lot of work over the last couple of years to actually minimize what those otherwise would be.
Chris Jensen: Well, I mean look as Mark said, right, we think that there is a base line that we sort of hit and you should see that going forwards. So there is likely to be fairly consistent volumes going forward a little bit of potential price degradation that we are able to offset here going forward. It is still a really competitive industry. But net, net earnings sort of stabilizing
Scott Sutton: Yes, sure. Frank, if you think about what we did in Q2, I mean for the broad performance, we have M&A contributed, organic growth contributed. Organic growth is still contributed much more than M&A, certainly even more than our affiliates did. So, if I had to break it out to give you just a good view of it, and you look at organic volume growth, again Q2 '17 versus Q2 '16 was about 10% organic volume growth.
Scott Sutton: Yes, Mark I mean the only thing I would add to all that, permanently correct. I would just say that P.J., our go-to-market strategy is quite differentiated and we are really able to drag a lot of complexity out of customers and handle all these projects and find solutions that they might not otherwise be able to find, and certainly can’t find from a single supplier, and move that complexity to our side of the house and manage it well, and that really is the competitive advantage.
Scott Sutton: Yes, hi Duffy and it is. I mean if you boil it down and you take out affiliates and you take out M&A, you would actually find that our margin in Q2 of '17 is a little bit better than our underlying margin in Q2 of '16. So, it's absolutely keeping pace.
Scott Sutton: David, I mean, we are raising price in some specific areas and having some success at doing that. I mean you know go back to my earlier comment that there was actually a little bit of margin expansion taken out of M&A and affiliates and so forth. But I mean we are able to do that and we specifically been successful at raising price in China on some of our larger products.
Scott Sutton: Yes, so Mike and this is Scott. We do have that margin decline when you drove in all the M&A, that’s really what we’ve reduced it some. There is a little bit of margin squeeze going on, but we have been successful at raising price in certain areas particularly in China preference to previous comment. So, I mean we are able to come back that and that’s why you don’t see a squeeze in the underlying business.
Scott Sutton: Lawrence, this is Scott. The average size really isn’t coming down that much, but what I will say is that with the acquisitions you do find that they have an initial smaller size project going into there. So, it's possible that the number comes down for a while, right. But then we get the cross synergies we pick up other projects, so it's sort of a temporary phenomenon, it's not a major concern.
Scott Sutton: This is Scott. Look, I mean, it's really not about a specific end market, right. As an example Q2, right, we grew business in every single end market, it's more about improving the business model, getting more out of the organic business, continuing to enhance the acquisitions that we made, so it's very broad base. It's the best way I can answer that question.
Scott Sutton: So, this is Scott again. It's really not a significant change to the guidance we gave before, but what we will say is that we are operating out on the ins of those. You see Acetyl is certainly pushing the upper limited and will -- engineered materials will push the upper limit like we are working hard to keep tow within the guidance we gave you before.
Scott Sutton: Sure, Kevin. This is Scott. Yes, we really moved beyond the testing phase. We are in commercial start up now. We have made some material. It's not fully running at commercial rate. So there is still little bit more work to do here in the third quarter. Well, I won't give a specific time on our equity interest step up that will be some time in the period of the fourth quarter just too contractual lag effects that happens. There is still some milestones to go with getting fully in commercial production at POM.
Scott Sutton: Yes, so this is Scott, right. I will start with geographic question first. I mean we are growing Asia much more rapidly than we are growing the Americas and Europe, though the Americas and Europe are both growing. So one day that’s going to mix out to sort of one-third, one-third, one-third, it’s not quite there yet. In terms of the market segment, I mean auto is still our largest market segment but as we said before it’s come down quite a lot. I mean you can think of it in the range of a third or just over. There are other segments that are growing more rapidly forth. We are growing in every single segment but if you look at energy storage, consumer products, and particularly medical, that’s where we are seeing some of the higher growth rates.
