Mark Rohr: Thanks, Jon. And welcome everyone to today’s call. As you are probably aware, we have changed our earnings call process. Starting this quarter we released our earnings press release yesterday after market close, additionally we posted our earnings press release, earning slides, and prepared remarks, both text and audio to our website yesterday. We plan to use this process going forward to provide more time to analyze the results before we take your questions. If you have suggestions to further improve the process, please let me know. Before I get to results, I expect many of you have questions about our contractual relationship with Southern Chemical Corporation for the procurement of methanol in the U.S. Unfortunately, since we are in active litigation with Southern, and our contract contains confidentiality provisions, we will not be able to answer any questions related to this contract or the litigation today. Now for the results, we reported the second highest adjusted earnings per share in our history at $1.47, amid a challenging economic environment in Europe, slower growth in Asia and a headwind from currency translation, it was in the high single digit range. Our ability to deliver these results demonstrates the strength of our technology and our portfolio as well as the hard work for the team around the globe. Most noteworthy each business generated strong sequential earnings growth pushing operating EBITDA to the $404 million range or 24% of sales. In fact Industrial Specialties set a quarterly earnings record of $47 million and on a year-over-year basis our three specialty businesses increased operating EBITDA by approximately 12%. Acetyl Intermediates earnings declined in the second quarter primarily due to a difficult year-over-year comparison. It was driven by temporarily elevated industrial utilizations in the prior year. Within this quarter AI experienced trough-like levels of operating EBITDA due to weak economic conditions in Europe and slow growth in Asia impacting demand and pricing. At quarter’s end, we believe industry utilization rates were in the mid 70% range with Asian utilization rates closer to 50%. Yet even in this environment the company generated $1.04 per share of adjusted earnings excluding the dividend from the Acetate ventures. As we look forward we feel good about our ability to manage through these challenging times, but I want to remind everyone that there are items beyond our control like the sovereign debt crisis that remain worrying. Notwithstanding these concerns we expect second half adjusted earnings per share to reflect seasonally earnings trends, which are typically below the first half of the year excluding the dividend from the company’s Acetate ventures. Despite the near term challenges, we are well positioned to benefit from the long term global trends in each of our businesses that are driven by demand for our innovative applications and process technologies. With that I will turn over the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, Laurence, this is Mark. We talked about this last quarter. We reminded everyone that there are roughly $0.40 or $0.50 of earning improvement activities underway. These deal with consolidation of our Acetate assets. It deals with expansion of Acetate in China, partial year operation of ethanol et cetera, those kinds of items, so call it $0.40 or $0.50 that we would expect to get out of that. Then we have tagged another $0.50 or so of growth from the underlying base business. I think it’s that second $0.50 that you’ve got to put a question mark around. We certainly would think some of that will come to us, but it’s hard, it’s just hard today maybe a bit too early today to call that piece. So I would say the $0.40 to $0.50 we talked about is we feel good about and the growth it’s going to depend a lot on Europe I think Laurence .
Mark Rohr: Yeah, that’s a pretty broad question. I’m going to ask Doug to step in here in just a second. But let me say that from, we talk about cost curve. We talk technology and our technology standard, and we still feel very good about that gap, but clearly the – that part of the world is awash in acetic acid and to meet the demands of our customers, we are doing that in as cost efficient fashion as we can, but certainly we just from a demand point of view don’t need all those assets operational today, but Doug you want to comment on broadly on acetic acid derivatives.
Mark Rohr: Well I think that one of the advantages of ethanol in our business is of course is it’s going to take effective acetic capacity to make, to produce the ethanol. So, when you look at that part of world there is lot of acid capacity, so I think part of this is for us to think through other ways that, do we need to add acid always or can we use market acid, so we are having a lot of debates about how we can we make that work. How Singapore fares longer term I think really is, it sort of a different question. We run in Singapore now to meet demand and there is just not demand, so as we look forward – I think it’s probably too early to tell what – how we will operate Singapore, but we still like that asset and feel very good about it, and I think it does have – it does have a future.
Mark Rohr: 68% of the world’s available coal is this lower kiln recovery coal. So, when you’ve got the flexibility to use it, you may be able to find arbitrage in the price and provide further advantage.
Mark Rohr: I really don’t want to talk about Southern David, but let me just say if you look at our ability to convert natural gas to methanol in U.S. Gulf Coast is pretty favorable. And so we think going forward that economically it’s a good thing for us to do. But again I don’t want to get into tit-for-tat kind of analysis just yet.
Mark Rohr: Well, when you get a business that’s that sloppy, I’m sure there are folks out there that are operating on a pretty thin same kind of basis. But we, so, no I can’t really comment on it too much. I think it’s – the market’s long on acid and yeah, there’s probably folks who shouldn’t be on running right now, but nonetheless they still are.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, I had about four weeks over there and just before I comment on ethanol I will say that I really went to China to get a sense of how deep the economic dip was going to be and how long it was going to last. I really left there after visiting with a ton of folks with a view that China is okay. It continues on at 7.5% kind of percent GDP. The government is very tuned to maintaining that. Then we have the cash reserves to do it, and they’re actually creating a spirit of nationalism to drive the society more toward consumerism and having some good success with that. So they seem quite confident including the vice premier, quite confident that that they’ll be able to maintain this growth rate. So we expect China itself that kind of be okay and go through this year basically like it is today, maybe in a little better in the second half and start picking up more next year. When you look at ethanol, the big news when I was in Beijing visiting with the vice mayor over there was the PM 2.5, the particulate reports that are now published courtesy of the U.S. Embassy, and so there was a fair amount of political tension about that, but the reality is that the mayor was getting phone calls from citizens who are frustrated that steps weren’t being taken to clean up the air. So, reducing air emissions in China is not only part of the five-year plan, but it is important to the Chinese people, and so the level of enthusiasm and interest around ethanol is not waning, it is in fact growing. So we have a number of discussions underway there. I think that model, to be honest, is more complex than the Indonesian model in some ways where you have a single company and a government that fundamentally wants it. Here it is more an open book where a lot of players involved. So we’re going to step through this process, but we’re very actively engaged with players over there and we are I think close to some announcements relative to that, but again it’s going to take us a while to develop that market in China.
Mark Rohr: It’s starting up as we speak actually. So I haven’t got a phone call in this meeting, but I think we’ll be making some product there shortly.
Mark Rohr: Yes Bob I think if you, even after you take away kind of the political side of it, which is very heavy right now, there’s a number of organizations and committees on either the Senate side or the House side that are really re-looking at the RFS, which is the law that precludes us and makes it challenging for us to be able sell into the U.S. So there is a lot of work going on right now. It’s creating – it has a lot of attention, a lot of debate. We are obviously very active as part of that debate, but as you know it’s tough to change a law. We continue to work. We’ll continue to work as we move forward. A lot of positioning for 2013 and what may happen in that political environment. But a lot of good discussion and a lot of awareness that’s been created on Capitol Hill that there are other alternatives besides corn-based ethanol and that we should take a look at that as a country. So we’ll be a part of that debate. We’ll keep you guys posted as we move forward.
Mark Rohr: The simple answer is, is it’s a demand issue, more than anything. This is an asset that serves Southeast Asia and the reality is that the demand is just really low and really flat. So, as much as it is – historically you’ll see – you’ll always see Chinese material to some extent that’s exported out to fill some of that demand, you see that even erode today because it is just the loss of demand and that’s the simplicity of it.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, it’s just pretty flat through that period. If you look at us historically to talk about business in general, we tend to have more of our earnings in the first half than in the second half. And a good ratio there is 55% 45% when you looked at the data. And that’s primarily driven by the seasonality trends, it impact things from automotives in Europe in the summertime to paint and coatings and things like that. If you look at it third quarter and fourth quarter in the back half, it’s also about 55% 45%, so Celanese tends to hump up in the middle of the year and then coast down a bit in the second half of the year. And so what we’re trying to do is convey that what we see is that we see those trends rolling through this year and it’s pretty simple math if you do that to kind of get a sense of where we think we’re going to end up.
Mark Rohr: No, I think – what the political reality of this is that the longest part of the construction project deals with permitting. We are working with a great technical partner here. We’re ready to roll. We could break ground today if we wanted to, but we don’t have a permit, and so that permitting process is what kind of pushes you into these – over to your kind of time period, as opposed to sub two year. So whether you’re bringing in a new plant or are repairing or dismantling an old plant, it doesn’t change that schedule in a material fashion.
Mark Rohr: Sabrina, we are not working on the 2011 base. We are working on kind off what our reality is today and we’re trying to give you guys sort of some directional view. Just if you look at our history, you get a number and it’s for the end of the year and it’s not $4.00, it’s less than that. If you just work the math, it is more likely. And what I’m saying is that – is that $0.40 or $0.50 that we are working today and we feel, which is something we fully control, and we feel pretty good about. And then we had another $0.50 or so which was that dollar we were pushing before, $.50 plus $.50 and I think that second $.50 is all growth oriented based on the economies and the markets and stuff. And to be honest we feel better about China. U.S. is probably kind of going to muddle along. It’s Europe that we’re most worried about. And so I don’t think we can take all that $0.50 and say that we can make it happen right now. But maybe later this year we feel differently about them.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, I would start – I would -from a cancel point of view, I would urge you to do your math on this year and then I would add the $0.40 or $0.50 to that and then I think then you got to have some gut feel of what you think that markets, how the markets going to improve year-over-year and then add to that.
Mark Rohr: Well, I’d really rather not get into that, but we have one plant down. So, if you look at point of view of plants operational, we are at higher rates than if you look at our full portfolio. Our portfolio is probably very close to 77% I guess.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, we do, and I rather not because we’re still in negotiations for that, but as soon as we get to that point and we should be there, touchwood, we should be there by our next call, we’ll be happy to share that.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, it’s – we’re in the process of shutting down that site down as we go through, in the fourth quarter this year, and the range on that was in the $.15 to $.20 kind of range as I recall.
Mark Rohr: Yeah, it’s probably going to be on the short side of that in the first year because we got some costs, but that kind of range ongoing.
Doug Madden: Yeah, Laurence, so you probably see the same numbers that we see on auto builds going forward. July was really modestly unchanged from the prior forecast. I think the way see it is softness throughout Europe, maybe a little bit stronger specifically in Germany where we’ve got a stronger position and good growth in North America and good growth in Asia as well. So there’s numbers out there on the auto builds, but we see it really on a kind of full year basis the numbers expecting auto builds in North America up anywhere from 13% to 14% this year on a year-over-year probably about the same in China and then Europe broadly speaking probably down somewhere in about 6% to 7%. So, I don’t know if that helps you, but it is hard looking at that just on a month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter, so we tend to take a look at the full year view.
Doug Madden: Duffy I guess I’d tell you the way I think about this and if it doesn’t answer your question, come on back. But yeah, you mentioned each one of the plants and how we’re doing. If you kind of look at the environment that we’re in, the markets described and you look at the Acetyl business today we describe it as being at trough-like conditions. And if you go back and you look at prior periods that we had we were in similar economic environments whether it’s 2002 or 2009, this business is performing on a margin basis at those same levels. We said that we would see somewhere around 13%, 14% on the business, that’s right where we are today whether we’re at full capacity, operating one unit or the other. Clearly we’ve got advantaged technology. I think what we see in Q2 as you’ve seen the strength of that technology and us to be able to overall increase the – increase price and increase margin. So generally speaking the curve is intact. We have the advantage across the system in our units and when we see requirements needing the additional volumes in any one plant we’ve got the capability to go ahead and turn that up and to satisfy that need. So the story remains today I think weak environment on demand, but good progress on margins.
Doug Madden: Yeah, I think again if you look at it, my comments I want just to acid but was to the total portfolio of products that are in there. I say to the 2000, 2009 comparable when we saw demand fall off rapidly. You probably had a little bit less margin erosion then than you did earlier this year from Q4 to Q1, but quite frankly what we’ve seen, we’ve seen our downstream derivatives and particularly VAM, the margins hold up, and recall we saw those erode in Q1 and in Q2 we were able to recover and get margin expansion.
Doug Madden: No, it doesn’t. It – in some ways may even give you some opportunities because if you – when you do gasify, when you put in facilities to gasify low-grade coal, you have more feed stock flexibility than you would normally have. So I think directionally it could be a good thing.
Doug Madden: Yeah, actually if you go back to last year’s second quarter, we actually had a plan turnaround in Nanjing, so we’re volume constrained as well. So, if you recall in the second and third quarter of last year, there were number of industry outages planned and unplanned and we also had a very large turnaround that took place in the second quarter. So, we had the full capacity in Nanjing available, which is a 1.2 million ton facility versus Singapore, which is about a 600,000 tons facility, that’s down. So net-net, we have more capacity available to us this year.
Doug Madden: Yeah, John. Well a couple of things. We’ve always talked about the richness of our pipeline and some of the growth that comes out of our organization, and while you look at the auto builds and you look at where Europe is today, as we continue to put more value on vehicles through that we think that there is – there’s sustainable growth rates through that. I can probably tell you I actually get excited about several of the things that are going on today that is we look at 2013 and beyond whether we’re taking applications and translating them from one producer to another, which we are in the case of some of our Prom product that’s going in the – Chevy cruise as we speak, to some of the exciting opportunities and we’ve got in our LCP Electronics business, but now has it – we’re on the Samsung Galaxy that we weren’t on and that will continue to grow. The iPhones that we’re now on today that we weren’t on, so the strength of a lot of that in that market. The second is our Ultrahyde business or our Polyethylene business, we’ve gotten good momentum not only on price, but there’s a number of things in that pipeline as well. We’ve seen some of the volume erosion recently in that business, but we think that we’re going to earn our way back if you will through – to that business. And then there’s couple others as well of new product lines, remember that AEM is made up about five or six different product portfolios, but there are no home runs. They are small steps, but that’s the business case and that’s the history of this business but good growth potential.
Doug Madden: Yes. So, on the dividend side, in August our dividend will increase 25%, so you’ll see that, that’s the third consecutive year of increase. We have been active in the share repurchase market. You’ll see it when we file our 10-Q what we’ve done there. We continue to look at really all uses of cash on the balance sheet, and the change in strategy that really the principal use of cash is going to be to fund these growth opportunities both in industrial ethanol that we’ve talked about that will start up next year, our Acetyl consolidation but also be prepared for a potential cash deployment for growth programs like in Indonesia. Beyond that we still think paying down debt and maintaining a – moving towards an investment grade portfolio makes sense. But we do – we look at share repurchases as well and we’re actively in the market.
Doug Madden: Yeah. On the margin side, I mean, you have seen in the quarter we had modest margin improvement in that business in the second quarter. As depending on what your view is, the model in that business recall is one that we price based on value. We don’t necessarily move that when raw materials move. On the other hand because of that model as raw materials come off, you also see the margin expansion as well in that business. We’ve launched our new plant in Frankfurt as you well know. We continue to fill that plant out. So I still think between the margin growth that lies ahead for that, the new applications, filling out that new plant with the volume, and some of those key markets, we’re going to continue to see both volume and we’re going to see margin growth as well.
Doug Madden: Yeah, I think Bob, the way we are – broadly speaking here what you have in the U.S. is you have great energy supply situation, and that opens up the door for a lot of options down the road for that site that would include further expansion into products like you’ve just mentioned.
Doug Madden: Well, really I appreciate your comments, but I really don’t want to get them lot of dialogue and debate about Southern. We have a great technology in the U.S. We have a very low cost facility and so we’re pretty comfortable with our position, our leadership position in the U.S. and let me just end it with that.
Doug Madden: P.J., recall that the periods that you’re quoting, the pre-crisis, you saw very different operating environment. You saw highly elevated acid pricing on very high asset utilization at that time, and I won’t quote a number because I’ll be wrong, but we’re talking about hundreds of dollars higher, certainly as you kind climb that peak when we were making – let’s call it mid to higher teens – 17% to 18%. I guess from our view we don’t see any difference today. We’re at the trough and we’re probably in that same 12% to 13% that we were in 2002 and 2009, but let me also remind you since 2009 there has been several million tons of additional capacity that’s come in and we’re still performing at that level. So I think it’s speaks to the strength of the model in that curve. And as people continue to bring things on it’s… (Audio gap)
Doug Madden: Yes, well let me say for the second quarter, if you think about that unit I’ll just say that that unit will operated at minimum really to help us with balances and some near term requirements, but it was fairly limited and based upon as we see the market and demand today our outlook to that doesn’t change.
Doug Madden: Yeah. Let me just stay with what I had said, the unit only operated very minimally I guess weeks, I put it in that term, it’s only a few weeks in the quarter.
