Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, I mean, I don't think you can look at Q4 and multiply that times four and get to a number for next year in terms of EBIT. Q4, we are seeing a lot of headwinds, a lot of challenges in Q4, again, because of the really slump we've seen in China with paintings, coatings, and constructions, with the ongoing COVID-19 lockdowns, the situation in Europe where we've also seen the drop there. The U.S. has held up pretty well. But I think in some of the destocking that we've seen, especially in acetyls, and the fact that acetyls is basically bumping and bouncing around its cost curve. These are conditions that we don't believe can last forever. So while we think first quarter may be challenging, we do see line of sight would be somewhat better than fourth quarter, again, because we have a lot of things coming in with M&M that we're having to manage in the fourth quarter. But I think, by first quarter, we start to see realization of some of the synergies, we'll have had a chance to start making some of the moves I just talked about. And then we really do expect the second half of the year to be back around in that $13 to $14 range. And again, a big portion of that is a lift I just described on M&M, but we have continued growth in our own Engineered Materials business in addition to the 4% higher auto builds we will see a GUR lift next year. GUR sold-out for EVs, lithium-ion battery separator films. That demand is only going up. So that will allow us to raise margins in GUR next year. LCP margins are also going up next year as we see high demand into 5G applications. Next year, we'll get the full benefit from Santoprene and KEPCO. And Santoprene, we do expect it to be back to the levels we had called out at the time of the deal in terms of returns on Santoprene. And then medical, which we saw this quarter return to pre-COVID levels, we are predicting continued growth in medical both in terms of orthopedics, but also in terms of the other applications, like vital dose and medical devices. So we see a lot of growth opportunities next year in the M&M portfolio, in our heritage Celanese portfolio, and we do see strengthening across - the opportunities strengthen across the Acetyl Chain as we move on through the year. I would also say, we will have a good uplift next year in our total earnings. As we talked about last quarter, we have been doing a lot to really restructure our Acetate Tow business as we are starting to run it more like we do a derivative of the Acetyl Chain. And much like we saw when we started doing that with VAM and emulsions, that allows us to build-in more optionality and more flexibility, which we'll look to increase our earnings. Historically, we've run that Tow business, really focused on customer value, quality, and reliability of supply. When China went independent, that reliability of supply became less important to our customers because there was an overhang in other regions. Now, that has tightened up again. We're at kind of 90% utilization in Tow outside of China. And so that, with the raw material and the energy volatility, has given us an opportunity now to really go in, put in new contract structures that allow us to better accommodate changes in raw material and energy pricing, really enhance the business models in Tow, take some costs out of Tow by integrating it into the acetic acid team and - while still maintaining that reliability of supply and that strong customer focus that we've had. So the result is, we will be seeing a much improved profitability in 2023 along with greatly improved flexibility.
Lori Ryerkerk: No, what I would say is, if you look at what we called out for Tow in 2023 in the Investor Day, we will be at or above that.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, look, I - Ghansham, thanks for the question. I think you have it exactly right. I mean, I think we went from everybody being worried about not being able to get molecules and kind of buying whatever they could get their hands on to all of a sudden all the production issues were resolved, demand started going down and people realize there was availability and they have hype across inventory and tankage, they want to bring that down before the end of the year and they assume that the molecules will be there. Just like when we see prices rising, people start buying because they think it will be more expensive tomorrow. Right now, they see prices falling, so they quit buying because they think it will be cheaper tomorrow. But I think a few things behind why we've gotten into this. I mean, we are seeing improved logistics. We are seeing improvement in port congestion and the ability to move materials around the globe. We are seeing improved product availability. There has been less outages and disruptions in the last quarter than we've been having over the previous few years. We are seeing a weaker demand outlook both again because of paints and coatings, which I talked about specifically in Europe and China, but also just some seasonality that we see in this area. And again, falling prices I think is a big effect on people's mental view of what they think. So I do think this is likely to extend into first quarter '23. Typically, when we see that flip is as we get through Chinese New Year is then we'd start to see demand coming up again and we'd start to see activities coming up again. And then as you get warming in the Western Hemisphere, you'd start to see it coming out. So that's why I feel pretty confident saying we expect to see the start to turn the other direction sometime after the first quarter.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, I think that's one of the big differences we saw in third quarter, Jeff, as we saw VAM in China, which had still been running quite attractively, I'd say, kind of $1,400, $1,500, really come down to about $1,000 a ton at the - by the end of the third quarter, which is, we believe, pretty much at the cost curve in China. So that's been a big change. And again, tied directly to paints and coatings as a large percentage of our emulsions go into paints and coatings. I mean, to give you an idea, we saw about 15% to 20% drop in emulsions demand globally in the third quarter. In Europe, I think we're also starting to see some compression in the margins for acid and VAM. I don't have the exact number for VAM right now in Europe on the tip of my tongue. But in Europe - I mean, sorry, in the U.S., it's holding up a bit better, although we start to see some softening there. Again, I think the softening outside of China is more on destocking necessarily than absolute demand, but in China, which I think is the easiest reference price, we see VAM coming down to about $1,000 per ton, which again is probably right at the cost curve for VAM in China.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, look, Vincent, I don't really have a number for that. I think if we just look at current demand conditions, and especially at auto, I think everybody is pretty consistent and thinking auto is continuing to go up next year. I don't find that surprising, that's consistent with what we're hearing from customers. I mean, we've had three years of very low auto production. We think there's still a lot of pent-up demand. We think supply will continue to be the determining factor for auto, so supply of chips and other materials is what will be the determining factor. Now, obviously, as interest rates go up, there may be some regions where that has some impact. But quite frankly, we think auto, which, especially with M&M, is now a significant part of our portfolio again, is really an upside for next year. And so I think in that way, this - if we do go into recession, I mean, it's a little bit different this time, in that, usually in a recession - I mean, a couple of things - usually in a recession, you see energy start to come down and then prices with it. In this case, energy is staying up because of geopolitical concerns. So that's a little bit different. We're seeing full employment, especially here in the U.S. which is why I think we're not seeing some of the impacts in the U.S. because although people are being hit by inflation, there is full employment, so it doesn't feel as hard as most recessions where you see a lot of layoffs and people without jobs. And then I think the third thing is auto. I mean, auto is usually one of the leading indicators of a recession and a drop in demand for autos. And in fact, we see it going the other way in this recession. So we haven't really modeled, what I would call, a recessionary scenario. And because we just don't see it happening, even if technically, mathematically it's calculated as a recession, we don't see that.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, so I think - if we look at this year, we have already reduced our rates in the Acetyl Chain in China and in Singapore down to 50% or 70% of our capacity and we did that because we see demand. We don't want to build a lot of inventory. We've seen demand come off. So we've already taken that step. In some areas we've gone down to as little as 30% of operating capacity, like in emulsions, where we've seen the big drop there. So I think we've been really proactive in managing our response, that's obviously cost savings, but we're really focused on aligning our actions with the customer demand. Similarly in Frankfurt, given the high cost, energy cost in Frankfurt and the softening demand in Europe, we've reduced our POM rates at Frankfurt, again, to align our demand with our - the customer demand with our own production. And we've made the decision for the VAM plant in Frankfurt to go ahead and keep that unit down until we see demand coming back. I mean, the good news is, all of the steps we're taking, this is still economic capacity. We'd still make money if we ran it, but we just don't see enough demand, so we can optimize our chain better by moving molecules around the globe and using lower-cost capacity, particularly in the U.S. Gulf Coast, to meet some of these global demand now that we have less global demand. And so you're going to continue to see actions like that as I - as we go into 2023. What I would say is, look, VAM is ready in Frankfurt when we start to see this come back hopefully by the end of the first quarter, we'll be able to start that unit up. Everything else is just a matter of lifting the rate, so that's today's decision to do it, so that's easy. And on Clear Lake, what I would say about Clear Lake is, we are on track to mechanically complete and start up the unit in the first half. We intend to do so. Again, the justification for that project was productivity. We called out about $100 million a year in productivity. So even if we see no need to run additional capacity in the Gulf Coast, we will run that unit for productivity and get the $100 million savings - run rate savings, I should say, the first year will obviously be that much, but run that unit for productivity. And then we have the option if we see something similar happen as we saw happened in '21 where we see a run-up in demand or if there are operating issues around the globe, we can start running that unit at higher rates and get even additional margin from that.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, look, I don't have a bridge. As you said, we've wholly-owned it three days, so we're still working on what are we learning, what can we immediately go do about it. So we're really been focused on not worrying so much about what happened in the past, but okay, how can we do this differently in the future. But I would say, it's really more based on our own experience of what levers to pull. I mean, there are some things like foreign currency, that was about $20 million in November, December, that we think we can go rectify maybe not November, December, but in next year. And so you annualize that, that I don't know, I just make up a number here, say that's $50 million or something. And then if you look at volume, they've lost about 15% market share. If we can through pricing and through cross-selling recover that, that's a fairly large number. Remember, the DuPont number in 2021 for EBITDA was seven-some-ish - $750 million, something like that, so in the 700s. So just recovering the volume that they had sold and taking care of some of the other factors that didn't exist in '21, like the currency, I think pretty quickly gets us back to $800 million. So those are the things that we're focused on. And then as Scott said, we will start to see some synergies as early as January 1st. We will have some synergies from office closures where we have overlapping office sites, like Seoul and Singapore and others. So there are synergies that will come in there as well. I mean, obviously, we'll account for those separately. But I think - and then we have the new raw material contract that will come into play in January, which will give us flexibility which will also be a source of value for us. So I wish I could give you a better bridge. We just don't have that level of detail yet because at this point we're really trying to identify what's the 10 levers to go pull, let's get those in actions and then we'll quantify them all. But again, based on our own experience, based on where DuPont was in '21, we feel this is the lift we can make to get to $800 million if we get the organization really focused on it and really pushing towards it.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, there's really no, I'd say, one-time things. I mean, we've just seen deterioration through third quarter in terms of pricing and in terms of demand, again, specifically China, Europe, less so in the U.S. Especially as I called out that drop in emulsions demand now that is like 15% to 20% down globally versus where we've been. So I can only describe the fourth quarter conditions as now kind of sub-foundational. Again, we think mostly it's seasonal. We think it's destocking, there is an end to destocking because people - so I don't think it can get much worse, let's be honest. And then one of the reasons is when we see it in our order books, I mean, orders have stabilized, again, now at this lower level, but they've stabilized again. And so that's why we're saying. Look, we think that's continued through the first quarter, and then as we move back into the construction season, hopefully, we see some movement in China on COVID, but we've said that before. And as maybe people getting more confidence in Europe, and again, construction season comes back, we do expect towards the end of the first quarter to start seeing recovery into more of a foundational level.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, Mike, obviously, we were a little hesitant to even give '23 guidance. But - so what I would say is, so for 2023 if we think on the low-end of what we're thinking of for Acetyl, I would say, we're assuming first quarter is some foundational and then recovery. So if you think about that, second quarter is probably foundational, third quarter, fourth quarter. Let me just talk about foundational a little bit of what that means. So we always meant foundational was meant to capture the low-end of the typical range. We didn't really capture recessionary conditions. As we said, we're kind of seeing that in Acetyl. And so again, we believe fourth quarter this year and early 2023 will be sub-foundational. And then we have some seasonality in the fourth quarter, so again it's for a year average. But I think if you analyze even Q4 what we're calling out for Acetyls, that's $900 million and that's sub-foundational. So I think if you look at what is foundational really mean, it's probably more in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion area, with $1.2 billion being after we finished the Clear Lake expansion, so just for some clarity. So I would say, next year, it's kind of on average for the year at that foundational level or a little bit lower at the lower-end as we all know this market can move very quickly if we have some industry outages or anything else that causes, because we are still like at pretty high utilization in the Acetyl Chain. So - but that's how we're thinking about next year and how we're thinking about it relative to foundational earnings.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, so the growth that we're expecting there is double-digit. I would say, it's the things that I called out earlier, Mike. I mean, it's the growth in auto, it's the margin lift in GUR due to full utilization, it's the margin lift in LCP due to high utilization and growing 5G applications, it's getting the full value from Santoprene now that we've had the opportunity to take pricing actions and other actions to get Santoprene margins so - and getting the full value of KEPCO for the year as well as kind of double-digit growth that we've been seeing in medical. So I'd say, those are the biggest factors driving that double-digit growth in margins for that heritage Celanese EM business.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes. I don't know that we have those numbers, and again we're going to be taking some steps in the fourth quarter, that will continue into next year to use DuPont material to preplace our own purchases of polymer and different things. So I don't think we have a really firm number on that yet.
Lori Ryerkerk: VAM. Okay, thank you. I just wanted to be - question. Look, we have five VAM assets globally. Historically, Frankfurt has not been our highest plant - cost plant. So let me just be clear on that. And even today, we could run it and it could run at a profit, but it's just volume we can get somewhere else more cheaply right now because of the very high prices that we had been seeing in terms of the European energy, and then, quite frankly, when it gets cold, we expect to see those prices again. So I don't really see a possibility of it becoming a stranded asset. I mean, it's only been about three months ago we were running every single plant we had all out and still not able to meet the demand. So I do think demand is going to come back and I think we will need all the plants we have. And Frankfurt VAM has always been a very profitable plant. This is just a unique situation with the European energy prices we're seeing, coupled with the fairly rapid drop in demand that we've seen because of other - the geopolitical factors, the China COVID, and then winterization kind of all coming together at the same time. So I don't really see any possibility that becomes a stranded asset.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, I - look, I think - and I talked a little bit about this earlier. I think their total pricing hasn't necessarily lagged. I think it's really distinguishing between the differentiated business where you had room to move pricing and the more standard business where in fact we've seen a lot of price pressures from competitors where in fact maybe it would have been better to take down pricing and not lose so much market share. So I think it's just a more fine-tune approach to pricing that we want to take. I wouldn't necessarily say it just means prices will go up, it will really be about trying to maximize the margin kind of dollar contribution versus any other signal.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, so I would say, we saw the decline through the quarter. So the start of the quarter was actually at a much higher pricing, the average price for the third quarter - or the average China assets for third quarter was around $430 and now we're down around $400. So we've continued to continue to see pricing declines. So I'd say, the start of the quarter was stronger than we started to see a pretty rapid. And I think that's why you didn't see the volumes dropped so much. The actions we've taken to really cut our rates have happened here at the very end of the quarter and going into October. So I probably wasn't clear on that. And so I think that's why you don't see it as much in the volumes, but again around $400. To your first question, though, I would say we have seen others take actions to slowdown as we have, but not yet to shut down. But given the pricing, I mean, we are still the most economic producer of acetic acid in China. We know this is at the cost curve, so we know others are struggling. I think given if this goes on longer, you may see people continue to slow-down rates or shutdown even if only temporarily.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, I think - so on autos, I think IHS thought we're at 6% growth rate. We have seen - we think it's a little bit less than that. But I think we have outpaced auto builds pretty significantly across all of our businesses. I'm trying to remember the number off the top of my head. But let me answer the EV question first. So EV, we're proud for the legacy business. We're more than 10% of our volume into auto goes into EV. And obviously from a value standpoint, it's much higher than that because we have tend to be high end applications. The majority of that is lithium-ion battery separator films, so GUR, which is what we will see margin expansion in next year because it is sold out and limited. You compare that for the industry, these make up about 8.5% of the fleet - of the builds today. So even just in the EV space, we're several percent higher than the rest of the industry. And then as I said, everywhere else we see that we continue to outpace the industry. So industry growth rates, just to give you, so Europe was down in the third quarter, North America was up a bit, we were a bit better in both of those than the industry. And in Asia I think maybe to give you an idea, Asia saw a strong industry growth, about 21% in Asia, 30% in China, and with the additional volume from KEPCO, the growth in EVs, the project pipeline, the GUR expansion, the stuff we've done on Asia localization, we were up - well, really 27% globally, a lot of that in Asia, and all of our regions were up about 20% versus last year. And again, we think that's on chip availability, but it also shows the strength of our project pipeline in our portfolio, and the fact that we tend to be stronger in EV and stronger into high-end applications, which has not been as challenged as maybe some of the other models.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, I think, look, just given the time it takes, we start actions immediately. These are already started. And - but all of these things take some time. And so I would definitely expect the heritage M&M business earnings to be more heavily back-end loaded in the year than in the first part of the year, just to give us time to kind of work through the changes we need to do, get all of the commercial teams coming from M&M onto the pipeline model, which will be happening in here across the first quarter, definitely a more of a second half load than the first half.
Lori Ryerkerk: Yes, look, let me start with the last question first. The productivity of $100 million, it's still stable even in a softer macro. It was really based on running two units not quite as full and had catalyst savings and other things in it. So that continues to exist. We didn't need any growth. And we will always run Clear Lake more fall due to the raw material advantages there. So I don't think the project credits associated with the Clear Lake expansion are not at risk, again because they were baked on productivity. As I said earlier, if we see an upswing in the market and we can run it even fuller, that's just actually additional credit that we'll get at that time. And in terms of the global footprint and we talked about this, gosh, probably over a year ago or so, we really with the change in the contract we've gotten of Singapore utilities, other contracts that we have in China, we like having optionality. That optionality to move things around depending on what's going on to accommodate or when we have turnarounds and those sorts of things by shifting production to other parts of the world, that has more than paid off for us. And so we like having that optionality in our footprint. So I wouldn't expect any major changes in that going forward.
Scott Richardson: Yes, the one area where we don't see a lot of excess inventory, Ghansham, is in automotive and I think that's an area we're focused very closely on. We don't have that value chain that's full, so we're not seeing big destocking. We're seeing some level of seasonality here in the fourth quarter that's more like normal. But we do expect the fact that auto has been at relatively low levels from a build standpoint the last two years, that to kind of hold flat or slightly increase as we work our way into next year. So that's an area that we feel good about that we're not going to see major weakness as we work our way into the first half of next year.
Scott Richardson: Yes, I think, as we've scenario planned that out, Ghansham, we feel very confident in our ability to get to that level under a variety of different outcomes that could be there. And a lot of that is - the working capital build that we've had over the last 18 months has been fairly sizable. We've seen a similar build in the M&M business. And therefore, if we were to see a deeper decline in the first half of next year, there will likely be a much heavier collection of that working capital. So we feel very strong about that We continue to analyze. I think we've talked on these calls in the past about quarterly review of capital and looking at what our businesses need both in the near-term and long-term to better match that capital spend. We've brought that capital down on a combined basis already, expecting around $600 million of capital next year. We lowered the capital this year down to $550 million. And so those are levers that we'll continue to evaluate, depending on where the demand landscape is.
Scott Richardson: Yes, Jeff, I think, two times I think over the past 15 or so years where we've had to really pull back hard with a heavy focus on near-term cash, and I think that was coming out of the economic crisis, 2008 and '09, and then again in the early days of COVID in 2020, and that really focuses around cash collection and harvesting of cash, which, as I mentioned before, we feel very comfortable with as we work our way into the first part of next year. And then it's a heavy focus on capital and what capital needs. Our manufacturing teams have done a great job being able to flex as needed even on large capital projects. If you recall, we paused the Clear Lake acetic acid expansion back in 2020, and then we're able to utilize that time to lower the overall cost of that project, but significantly reduce the capital and we were able to bring our CapEx spend, which was expected to be north of $500 million in 2020, down to around $300 million. And so we are in process, as I mentioned earlier, of looking at where those levers are for 2023 both across our legacy portfolio as well as the M&M CapEx spend, so that we can focus really around near-term productivity as well as cost reduction. And if there are projects that can be paused, we will do that.
Scott Richardson: The other thing I would add to that, Vincent, is with the synergies that we have, we've already increased our synergy number for year one, expect to have between $100 million and $135 million of full achieved synergies next year. And if we see continued demand decline in non-auto segment, then we'll look for ways in which to flex and accelerate further synergies. So we do feel very confident of being able to get to that range that we put in the prepared comments.
Scott Richardson: Yes, so of that $350 million, Kevin, the best way to think about right now is about a third of that would be base business depreciation and then two-thirds amortization. And that's an estimate right now we'll be working through that here in the fourth quarter, and we would not be adjusting that out of our adjustments, so we'll include that. We will certainly provide color as to what that amount is, but we don't plan to adjust it out.
Scott Richardson: Yes, I think, we expect the annual impact this year to be about $100 million, which is not unlike the impact that we have in totality at Celanese today, and so it's a little higher weighting than what we see in our base Engineered Materials business. And I would kind of chalk it up to two things, one, a lot more cost in dollars in terms of what moves through and then more sales in local currencies whereas Celanese typically would sell in some of those countries on a dollar basis. So those are the two things we're looking at from a business risk perspective of where we can make changes and where we can combine the power of the kind of in-country businesses that we have going forward. And I would also say there's certain things that, at the enterprise level, we can do to help mitigate that. Lori alluded to some of those earlier. And we'll be looking at that as well, and hopefully, we should get some run rate benefit in the early part of next year from those actions.
Scott Richardson: Well, I think in those currencies where we have exposure of any size, I think we would - it would lower the overall interest expense. However, John, we're going to be careful with when we do that, obviously those currencies have depreciated pretty substantially this year and so there's a balance between interest expense versus then depending on when you move that over the end up having ultimately more leverage as that currency moves. So we're going to be balanced in how we look at that, but we do see some opportunity as we get into the next year to help with some of that business exposure.
Scott Richardson: Yes, John, normal is different as we go forward because you're putting these two portfolios together, and so we're looking at what is the optimal mix. It's going to be different by region as well depending on where our business has historically been from mainly in nylon standpoint, but we're really looking at how we can leverage the power really of both portfolios that we're bringing together right now.
Scott Richardson: Yes, P.J., I would just add that this theme of the power of our network is very important whether it's VAM, whether it's acetic acid, whether it's POM, and now as we bring M&M in, nylon, PBT, et cetera. We have created we believe a lot of value over time by flexing these networks, and having those assets in Europe are great assets. And so bringing that concept and leveraging that as we bring these portfolios together with M&M is something that we're going to be working hard here in the fourth quarter to see how we want to operate as we get into next year for that business as well.
Scott Richardson: I mean, I'll be honest with you, Hassan. I mean, we really look at each environment differently. I mean, troughs, recessions, et cetera, I mean, it's hard to put labels on different things. I mean, at the end of the day, I think the - what we've stated we're pushing towards to get to for next year just given the current conditions would suggest that somewhere in that Q3 range is probably somewhere close to that, but I think a lot - every situation is different, and it's really about making sure that we are managing the business on a daily basis to maximize earnings, to maximize cash flow and value creation.
Scott Richardson: Yes, and the inventory pull-down likely more first half, Matthew, as we work to get that material into the legacy Celanese assets.
