Mark C. Rohr: Thanks, Surabhi, and good morning, everyone. Our prepared comments were released with earnings earlier today, so I will keep my comments brief, then open the line for your questions. First, I'd like to share some details about another exciting acquisition just announced this morning. We have agreed to acquire the nylon compounding division of Nilit Plastics. A major independent producer of high-performance nylon fibers and compounds. Nilit Plastics has a comprehensive and functionalized nylon portfolio with operations in Europe and Asia. It is a great fit for Celanese. While the acquisition will be immediately accretive, it will take a bit longer to close, which means the impact on 2017 earnings will be small. However, next year Nilit should add roughly $0.10 of earnings to our portfolio. We are really looking forward to teaming up with our talented colleagues at Nilit to bring new and exciting solutions to our customers. Scott Sutton, who is responsible for our Materials core is also on the call today to share more specifics during the question-and-answer period. Now for our 2016 fully consolidated results. I'm happy to report strong GAAP earnings of $6.19 per share, and recorded adjusted earnings of $6.61 per share. Materials Solutions generated $897 million of core income, an 11% increase year-over-year and a record core income margin of 38%. Volume growth from our opportunity pipeline, engineered materials and gains from productivity enabled us to grow despite headwinds in tow pricing and lower affiliate earnings. We commercialized 1,385 projects last year, which is almost 3 times higher than just a few years ago. Both the Nilit and SO.F.TER. acquisitions are a critical next steps in our Engineered Materials evolution and allow us to extend the success of our pipeline model beyond Celanese legacy polymers. The Acetyl Chain generated core income of $454 million, that's 9% lower year-over-year, but good performance in a very tough margin environment. Commercial and operational flexibility and savings from productivity allowed us to expand core income margins to a record 14.5% for the Acetyl Chain. Looking forward to 2017, we expect another year of strong financial performance for Celanese. Unusually heavy turnaround activity planned for the first half of the year, raw material impact building through the year, plus saluting some unique one-time earnings in the first quarter of 2016 add up to a second half that will be $0.35 to $0.40 half than the first. Advanced Engineered Materials should add $0.35 to $0.45 of adjusted EPS, which will offset the $0.40 of headwinds expected from tow we have previously discussed. The Acetyl Chain should contribute roughly $0.25 to $0.35 of growth over last year, driven by our ability to flex the chain and leverage raw material optionality. These core earnings growth numbers include $100 million of productivity through Celanese. Pat Quarles, who is responsible for Acetyls core is also on the call today to share more specifics about 2017 growth plans. We remain committed to buying back another $500 million worth of shares in 2017 and to continue dividend growth. All in, we anticipate growing adjusted earnings per share in a range of 8% to 11% for the year, which keeps us on track to achieve our 2018 earnings and free cash flow targets. With that, let me turn it back to Surabhi for questions.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, there's more to come from M&A in general, Vincent. And in that process, when we started out, we really focused a lot in nylon, because it is the fastest growing component in some of the markets like autos, really due to the high-temperature applications. So, could we do more, yes. Will we do more acquisitions, heck, yes in that. So, we're not – we're really looking for technology and market access. It's not so much a size thing for us.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, I think, we've had just some really great success, especially on Materials front. And in China, in particular, over the last year and we expect that to continue into this year. So my response was weighted a bit towards that. So some of the strongest growth we got from a year-over-year percent basis is certainly occurring in China. In a minute, we'll probably get some questions about the Chain business and Pat can talk about some of the trends we're seeing there in China, in raw materials and also some consumptive behavior that leads us to believe there's actually some strength coming out of that business as well.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, I think the best way to do that, when we talk about how the year is teeing up, and what we're doing really to drive value and I'll ask Pat to make some comments on that, Laurence, and we'll go from there.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah, I don't have the exact price numbers, so I'd rather not talk about that. I think classically it's been half and half, volume and price and that's good enough, I think is what I would say on that. As we look forward, we kind of – I mean when you look at lot of this ripple effect we've had has been really driven by two phenomena. One is the reduction of sales into China, which roll back into the U.S. and Europe and producers there, which is very disruptive. There was some oversupply situations that were working themselves out. And we think this year really is sort of the settling of that. So we have in the past taken steps. We've taken more steps, we think than anyone to rationalize and deal with that. And I think going forward, we'll just take it through the steps necessary for us to take independently, we'll do that. But I think right now we kind of like where we are. We like our cost position where we are, and we're looking for this industry to get some certainty about it and then move forward, again. Last thing I'd say, I think the sale of Solvay is a good thing in terms of settling some of that uncertainty. And so we're looking forward to 2018.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah. I think what I'll say is I'll start with Pat's segment. Yeah, we actually did a pretty good job, I think managing a pretty rapid level of inflation that went on in that chain. And so I think we have had and we will continue to have the ability I think to manage that inflation and stay at that or ahead of it. The growth and earnings from Pat's business is going to come through his ability really to drive higher and higher margins in that chain. In Scott's business, we've had phenomenal success driving higher pricing, as it relates to the growth we've had in that business. We are facing some inflation in that business and little bit of that is in market this year. I think $25 million to $30 million worth or so of headwinds we expect, Scott, to have to overcome in that business and some of the me too stuff that's out there is going to be hard to do. So, I think net, net you won't see quite as much on the pricing side from his business year-over-year, but that's more of a mix effect than anything else.
Mark C. Rohr: Well, my uncertainty comment Kathy was more around the tow business and really the status of one of the big sellers there. I may have commingled those for you. No, we're pretty confident on the direction that we see in the Chain business and we're really confident on our model. So as those raw material fundamentals change, as they are changing, we feel comfortable about those changing, we think we'll be able to extract more value. I think maybe one of the things we could share more of them – I'm looking at Pat, when I say this, there's a little bit of talk about the ripple effect on the cost curve of some of the producers in China versus those outside of China as you look at coal and methanol, what's happening, yeah.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah. I think, what I'd say rather than talking about specific polymers. Mike, what we have is a really good model. And what we have been saying to investors, as we've rolled this out is, watch how we lever this model internally first and we've been doing that now over a year, and everybody is seeing the results of that. And now we're seeing that platform's delivered again. We think this model is very leverageable, when you combine technology and our expertise for applications with the way we engage with customers. So, when we fantasize about that as a result, there are many ways we could push this. We're trying to stay a bit close to home now and making sure that we have some direct connection to the end market of these goods or we engage with them in some way. But Mike, I think as this year unfolds and we get into next year, it is our intention to continue to continue to add bolt-on acquisitions, what I mean by that is acquisitions that can be assimilated very quickly, that are reasonable in scope and size and really continue to push that out. And at the same time, Scott's got to develop this organization to handle thousands of new introductions per year across the globe. So we just think the model gives us lot of latitude and yes, there are a lot of things we're looking at, but I'll really not say exactly what they are.
Mark C. Rohr: There were few other small things too, Jeff, in there. We had an unscheduled outage of an operating facility that cost us $5 million or so, so $0.02 or $0.03, let's just say out of that. We also have some currency impacts that popped up quickly and we usually cover those over time, that was another $3 million, $4 million, $5 million. So there is probably not half but you start to press half of that, were some episodic or one-time things, we wouldn't expect to continue going forward.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah. Not so much. I mean, it's – we're working with our joint venture partners, so we can drive more of it in there. I think in some we're – it's fully involved in it. You can look at PPS for us, in others, it's a little more distant relationship.
Mark C. Rohr: If it makes sense, we would. We're pretty – there's not a lot of shortage in nylon out there, and we're pretty comfortable with our position right now in it. But certainly having access to some nylon and/or specialty nylons could be pretty attractive for us.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah, sure. I mean, Duffy, of course these bid sizes vary a lot, and we are running a lot of projects now. But the best way to think about it is, all the projects come together and they add about 15% to our gross revenue. And then we get some level of attrition, maybe around 5%. That's a better way to think of it in aggregate instead of project-by-project.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah. Sure, I will. And we're going to start-up the POM plant in the middle of 2017. And there's not a large contribution out of that joint venture in 2017. We have start-up expense, which is offset by the equity increase. But it really comes at a perfect time, Duffy. I mean, this is, we need some POM coming into our system to support our growth. So, you'll see the real impact in 2018.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Well, this is Scott. I mean, not yet. I mean, this is really just the third step. We did some organic work. We acquired SO.F.TER. that had a nylon business. Nilit has a higher value nylon business. Now we're pulling all that together and there's probably one more step to go.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah. Yeah, sure, Mark. I mean, the Nilit business is a bit higher margin business relative to the SO.F.TER. acquisition we made, but still all these acquisitions we make are going to be a bit dilutive to our own margin. Over time, we intend to bring that up, but it really is the bigger part of our nylon portfolio that we'll have, they're highly specified, mainly in electrical applications, a lot in auto as well.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah. And P.J., on your first comment there, I mean, the inflection point in demand, the short part of it's probably over. So, there is likely to be a slow decline in underlying smoking demand in China. But it's very slow, maybe 1% a year. The destocking is not over. It's come down. But there is enough stock there to bridge for a little while to do exactly what Mark said. And that has led imports slowly decline to close to zero over two years or three years here.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah. I sure will. And so, we do have – we're approaching sort of 20 platforms between the engineered thermoplastics and the elastomers. Other big drivers and the one you mentioned certainly, our ultra high molecular weight polyethylene, we call it GUR, which has high application use in medical, high application use in energy storage, particularly lithium ion batteries is a big driver of growth. But it really is across the board. I mean it's our model. We're almost market agnostic, sort of product agnostic as we walk in to deliver a solution to a customer. So, it really is across the board growth. It's not really focused on just a couple polymer platforms.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah, sure. So the volumes, you're right. I mean, they're up 20% in the fourth quarter, but if you look at it without the SO.F.TER. acquisition benefit, they're up about 13% and on the whole year they're up about 10% organically.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah. Yeah, thanks. Look, I would say that I mean the pipeline really supports getting to that level. I mean, you look at what we're going to do this year, but we'll probably commercialize about 1,900 projects. After that, you see the benefits of SO.F.TER. and Nilit kick-in and on top of that, we're growing the organic portion of it too. We hope to have another acquisition in line as well. So, I would say that the trend that helps drive a lot of the growth in AEM is going to continue and we continue to see this volume growth as we look out into 2017.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Okay, yeah. Thank you. In AEM, I mean you'll see a little bit of dilution there. It won't be extensive, but there will be a little bit as we bring in acquisitions that may not be at the same margin level and there's a little bit of raw material price pressure as well that Mark already commented on. There is the tow pricing effect, margins have probably hit a high point in that business, but they'll stay fairly high is the way to think about it.
Scott McDougald Sutton: No, I mean in the tow business, there is some multiyear contracts now and for us it's not a giant percentage of our business, maybe up to a third of the business is the way to think about it. They more commonly have a fixed price and a share of volume. So the absolute volume could fluctuate a little bit.
Scott McDougald Sutton: Yeah. And so this is Scott. Yeah. Thanks. I mean, I still think that the high single-digits is the right place to be when you think about our organic growth profile. Obviously, we're adding significant growth from acquisitions, but in terms of organic, I think high single-digit is a good place to be on average.
Patrick D. Quarles: Yeah. This is Pat, Laurence, thanks for the question. Yeah, I think the way you should consider and how China plays into this and what it means for our chain is that we've seen a period now of re-inflation across our industry and particularly strong in China. If we look back from a year-on-year basis, coal is up in China, 83% from the beginning of the year to the end. Methanol is up 61%. That really changes the way in which we flex our model and participate across our global system. And importantly, it changes the slope of the cost curve from Eastern Hemisphere to Western Hemisphere and that really creates opportunities for us to exploit that. If you look back in the fourth quarter, we announced about RMB 1,000 of asset price increases throughout the quarter and by the end of the quarter, we'd realized about RMB 700. So expanding our margin as the quarter went forward, despite the fact that we had raws coming up behind us. That's a really nice dynamic and momentum that we now carry into the new year. And as we move forward from here, we are anticipating an environment in the Western Hemisphere where through a variety of expected maintenance outages, it's going to create some more dynamics that allow us to drive pricing on a real supply/demand basis. And past all of that, you have our continued focus on productivity, right. So we've got about 1,200 to 1,300 projects currently running and productivity across our company. That's an ongoing and continuous focus and we'd expect this year much like the past several to realize about $100 million of net gain from that activity.
Patrick D. Quarles: Yeah. It's about a net $100 million in productivity for the company and roughly speaking 50-50 typically between the two quarters.
Patrick D. Quarles: Yeah, hi, Frank. Thanks for the question. I think, we tend to look at the market in somewhat segmented ways between Western Hemisphere and Eastern Hemisphere, specifically China. And we've been dealing with significant overhead of supply capability in China, but that market's – you can't just look at operating rates, what you really have to look at is what the cost structure is and how that impacts the global market. So I'd say generally speaking assets outside of China had been running at fairly high rates over the last year. Frankly, they've been running reliably not only ours, but our competition. So that's created some turbulence at the end of last year in VAM. But what will make the difference is incentive for the opportunity for China to be participating in the global market and with the changes in their cost curve, we really see that as a diminishing influence. We saw asset imports out of China and their participation in Southeast Asia really fall off dramatically during the fourth quarter and similarly on VAM where, by the time we got to the fourth quarter, their typically imports were down about two-thirds to three quarters – exports rather out of China. So that's kind of playing on the balances that we're talking about as we head into this year.
Patrick D. Quarles: Sure. Yeah. Maybe I'll just put some numbers around that. So if you think about the competition we have in China, these are essentially coal-based guys and many of them are actually integrated on the coal side through methanol as well. So if you take what we can all see on coal prices, we're ending the year at about $100 a ton on coal price and again, methanol up in the kind of the 350s and has actually gone up higher than that as we've gotten into 2017. If you're just looking at your cost structure, they're up about $50 a ton, but the reality is their behavior's going to change because now they have an alternative for the methanol in the market that they didn't have all last year. So effectively, it feels to them like their costs are up about $120 a ton and that's exactly the behavior that we're seeing in the market that's driving our ability to drive margin not only in China, but then to support our expectation that that margin then begins to be driven in the Western Hemisphere as we flex our system towards those opportunities. So that $120 a ton we think is legitimate. We've tested it through a variety of kind of internal ways in which we monitor the market and see it actually realized in our pricing. And I think that's really where the confidence is coming from, that Mark's alluding to.
Patrick D. Quarles: Sure. Yeah, from the demand side, in the Western Hemisphere, it's been not exciting but it's been steady. And we don't really see that profile changing, if anything, we're seeing consumer confidence increase. We're seeing confidence in housing markets seem to be improving, and that gives us the feeling that, we should have some ability to realize growth as we head into 2017. What's really changing in 2017 isn't so much the demand side, it's how we're seeing the variety of outages associated with maintenance on our assets and others, stacking up here in the first half of the year. Remember the Western Hemisphere is fundamentally and structurally short acetic acid and VAM, and that the market has to balance with Eastern Hemisphere. And so, as the west goes through these maintenance outages, that's just a further shortage that we have to deal with. And that's how we take actions to position ourselves to drive value through those periods, and we see that coming at us here beginning late in the first quarter.
Patrick D. Quarles: So the question on pensions, yeah, that math is closed, it's not quite that high, it's closer to 20%, but when you look at all elements of compensation, not just pensions, it's really going to be kind of flattish going into next year. And that just has to do with different awards that we have for different open years, and how those stagger out. Most of our senior leadership compensation is variable in nature based on success of different metrics. And it's – that's changing really into the new year. So, it's a long way of saying don't count on seeing that 20% hit the bottom-line, because it's part of a bigger package of compensation that's probably more flattish.
Patrick D. Quarles: So think in the productivity piece, we need to target about $180 million to $210 million per year of gross productivity, Jeff to get to the $100 million net. And I mentioned earlier, we're running about 1,214 projects today across the company, that does not include pensions, to get to our target of $100 million. And I think we feel pretty good about where that pipeline sits today to continue to deliver that, that productivity for 2017.
Patrick D. Quarles: I'd say generally speaking, Jeff, if I think about the profile of the business last year and into the fourth quarter, acid was in a very difficult place for the market, exacerbated by extraordinarily difficult kind of input cost in China, and what that cost curve implication was to the market. And I talked about how that's changed. That change really occurred dramatically and throughout the fourth quarter. So, I think about where we began – the beginning of the fourth quarter and where we ended the fourth quarter in acid in China specifically, dramatic margin improvement there, okay. But if you step back from that and you think about the total chain, we were challenged in VAM really, is where the step down was, as we had some end of quarter dynamics at the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter that really made it challenging for us. We see that reversing today, but that's what hit us late last year.
Patrick D. Quarles: Well, it ranges anything from instantaneous to the extent that we have contracts tied to those external indexes, what we're able to drive through in the market. Again, I kind of think back to what we're able to do in the fourth quarter in China on the escalation there. Again, I talked about of the RMB 1,000 we announced throughout the quarter, we realized RMB 700 by the end of the quarter, which actually kept us ahead of raws. And if we've got the right kind of market dynamics which I think we have now heading into the first quarter, we should be pretty much on top of it.
Patrick D. Quarles: Yeah, and I would say maybe on the Acetyl side to build that out a little bit, so the thing about acid and VAM, fairly responsive on price. You don't make long-term price commitments because your market's changing too quickly. A business like our (40:51) emulsions can have quarterly pricing. So, kind of tying back to that last question about how quickly our prices respond, that's one area where you'll have some quarterly lag as we reset beginning of each quarter, particularly in Europe.
Christopher W. Jensen: Okay. So share account, as Mark said in his comments, well, we plan to execute the other $500 million of share repurchases, so you can do that math, it's in our models to just do that pro rata during the year. But that drives something north of $0.30, if that's the outcome. Taxes, I'll have a better idea when we get through the first quarter, but it's probably in that same range of 18% or so.
Christopher W. Jensen: This is Chris. Maybe if I'd just pull that into kind of your original question on 2018, I mean we're still confident, that's our range for 2018 that we put out before. And even more so just want to point you back to free cash flow, that we're confident in $2.5 billion across those three years. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that it should be down a little bit next year. Just to be clear on that, I meant from the $933 million before the pension contribution, not from the $633 million. So it'll be down a little bit in 2017 because of income taxes. So, 2016 had some nice benefits of a lot of capital spending on things that you already know about leading up to that and some bonus tax depreciation deductions that we got for that. So it will be in the $800 millions in 2017 instead of in the $900 millions most likely, but you just add that up, it stacks up to confidence in $2.5 billion, when we go clear out through 2018.
Christopher W. Jensen: Oh. Yeah, yeah. I mean we always just assume it will be pro rata, but sometimes it can be lumpy. So, we can update you as we go through the year on on how it's unfolded. But the intention was always $500 million of repurchases in 2017.
