Jon Puckett: Thanks, Kevin. And welcome to the Celanese Corporation fourth quarter 2012 conference call. My name is Jon Puckett. With me today are Mark Rohr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Steven Sterin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Doug Madden, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Oberle, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs. The Celanese Corporation fourth quarter 2012 earnings release was distributed via Business Wire yesterday after market close. The slides for the call and our prepared comments for the quarter were also posted on our website www.celanese.com in the Investor section. All of these items have been submitted to the SEC in a current report on Form 8-K. As a reminder, some of the matters discussed today and included in our presentations may include forward-looking statements concerning, for example, Celanese Corporation’s future objectives and results. Please note the cautionary language contained in the posted PowerPoint slides. Also, some of the matters discussed and presented include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations of these measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures are included in the posted slides or the press release as applicable. This morning, Mark Rohr, will provide some introductory comments and then we will field your questions. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mark.
Jon Puckett: Thanks, Mark. Kevin, will you give the instructions and let me just remind folks that we'd ask you to have one question and one follow-up, and just we can get everybody’s question then.
Jon Puckett: Thanks Vincent. And Kevin let’s move to the next question and we will have this be the last question.
Jon Puckett: Thank you everybody for your time and interest in Celanese, we’ll be around to answer follow-up questions later today.
Mark C. Rohr: Thanks, Jon, and welcome everyone to the call today. We released our prepared remarks last night so I’ll do a brief summary of the quarter before opening the line for questions. For the quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.67 on revenue of $1.5 billion. This represents the 16% adjusted earnings growth year-over-year on expanded operating EBITDA margins in three out of four businesses. We generated strong cash flow again this quarter and recorded our second highest operating cash flow of $722 million for the year. Adjusted free cash flow for the year was $339 million despite higher year-over-year capital spending on growth projects like ethanol. And this number also includes a $100 million of voluntary U.S. pension contribution. These results demonstrate the strength of our business, our technology platforms, and most importantly the capability of our teams around the world. Looking forward to 2013, we expect the economic environment to remain uncertain. And as we said last quarter, we are not planning on global economic growth to help Celanese this year. To drive earnings growth in 2013, we will focus on Celanese-specific initiatives, like productivity, like our Acetate footprint rationalization, like the expansion at our Chinese facility in Nantong and like the planned start-up of ethanol production facility in Nanjing. We also expect our efforts to increase the effectiveness and speed of new product introductions to help drive earnings growth this year. The slowdown in Asia and Europe will increase the percentage of earnings we realize in higher tax jurisdictions, particularly the U.S., increasing our 2013 forecasted adjusted tax rate by 200 basis points to 19%, or about 10% per share impact for 2013. Nonetheless, we continue to believe the positive effect of our actions will yield adjusted EPS growth between $0.45 and $0.50 in 2013. Now, before we move to Q&A, I want to express my gratitude to our Chief Operating Officer, Doug Madden. Doug is going to retire at the end of March and he has been a critical part of the organization for the last 28 years. He has had multiple departments, divisions in our corporation. We have all benefitted from his knowledge about the industry and the world chemistry, and Doug has self transformed Celanese into customer focused business is today and he set the foundation for the innovative force it will become tomorrow. Doug, on behalf of the entire Celanese team, I want to thank you for your many contributions and wish you all the best in retirement. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jon for Q&A.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. We continue to work with Pertamina in Indonesia. We are nearing the end of the first phase of that study, and we're looking forward and I think we’ll be in a position for too long to announce moving into the second phase for that project. If you look at that project under a big perspective, fuel ethanol in Indonesia really works well. We have abundant availability of low-cost coal. We have entered demand in that economy for clean fuel and the growing fuel demand is what imported fuel that can be offset in the results of subsidies that government pay.  So it's a really good economic formula. Pertamina is excited, we are excited, but we really have some more work to do. So I hope we’re going to announce something before too long about moving in the second phase and currently our view is that we should be in a position by the end of this year to have a go/no-go decision on that project.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then…
Mark C. Rohr: Part of it is, we are creating some confusion here we not mean to. What we mechanically complete in June, early July and we commissioning after that and we have a plan to bringing on slowly and that’s not, because we have any concerns about technology, but we want to move this material into markets and we’ve got commercialization effort that’s going to push it around China. So I’m trying to, when I say the third quarter, I mean I think before you really see some impact it’s going to be role in third and fourth quarter.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Understood. Thanks for that clarification.
Mark C. Rohr: This is a broad segment. There are sub-segments we are expecting some goodness from the economy, but we also got some badness. So an example of that be is we are expecting Emulsions to pickup as construction comes back a bit, but we’ve been struggling a bit with EVA going photovoltaic. So there is some offset and what I’m trying to say is that, on a balanced basis, GDP is not going to be doing a lot for us this year. The comment about the second half of the year really relates to broadly what we see in the last two or three years, which is a stronger first half and actually a weaker second half, and we really need this year to not have that repeated. So we believe as we come out of Chinese New Year, we’re going to see some straightening when we look at capacity utilization in the AR business and Doug can talk about that as well. We are seeing that push up it has been mid-to-low 70s maybe as pushed up a bit higher in the 70s now. So we are seeing some positive signs, and so we are depending on a little bit stronger second half to make these numbers.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah, Mike. When you look at all those in Europe, it's down year-over-year right now high single-digits probably 9%, Dough, something like that. I mean that's the kind of numbers that we see. For the full-year, the forecast is that it will be down 3% for the bill. So we made the earlier comments about the back of the year, there are positive numbers that you see built in this pretty anemic performance and Europe does have the second half stronger than the first half. So that's how we characterize that. We've also made comments about increased penetration, and we are seeing that really in Asia where we’re seeing numbers in the 40% increase sales in the automotive and that part of the world over the last year.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah. I think we are expecting modest growth, but it’s – we’ve said flat because it’s closer to flat than growing.
Mark C. Rohr: Yes, P.J. There clearly is where we’ve had folks that will look at the technology and in the pilot plant there is a desire to see the plant that we are building operational. And so the project development is revolving around that to some extent. So, yeah, I think you are calling it right.
Mark C. Rohr: You are kind of fuel efficiency and the impact of that, one of the real drivers of that is lightness in vehicles, which really plays well into our AEM business and we're seeing that. We made few references actually to some of the composite materials we’re putting in cars, those are very attractive and we're seeing some pretty strong growth in that arena. We are also seeing manufacturers step out in the areas where they’ve not considered polymers before and things like (inaudible) even and we're very engaged in that kind of process.  So we are quite confident there is going to be a lot of growth in there. We have some advantages over carbon fiber. So we are, Doug if you got any numbers at top of your head, but we feel pretty good liability penetrate in that study. 
Mark C. Rohr: Volumes are pretty good in Kelsterbach, I mean, what you tend to see, you tend to see a mixed impact maybe more than any thing or you may have to move in a low end applications if the high end stuff is not available. We’re actually going to be increasing volumes year-over-year on Kelsterbach, you may recall we brought on the second line late in the year and so we have higher volume supply metric output year-over-year, so you’re going to see actually more contribution from that side, this year than last. The depreciation in fact, that’s pretty honor. We in effect doubled our depreciation in that segment. Part of that the accounting treatments may we have Steven to comment on this.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah, I think the later Laurence, we need a – we still need a healthy global economy or healthy global economy, that most of those today are from I would even call well balanced, I say that there is over capacity that sits within the world even on some of those derivatives. Recall that big part of those obviously got vinyl acetate monomer goes downstream heavily into construction related ultimately paints and coatings things that are consumed in that industry. Our esters Europe and Asia tied large parts of the auto industry and coatings on those autos, so the short answer is we need to grow healthier global economy, I think before we could see some thing in the next couple of years following any other unforeseen event that would occur.Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Mark C. Rohr: So, Jeff the contraction does come from the closure of our Spondon site in the fourth quarter just about all of that. I suspect as we go through ’13 and the assumptions that we are able to offset some of that is, I think you saw in our fourth quarter of this year and those results were we continue to work to get a little bit more out of the rest of the footprint. Also you will see the expansion coming out of Nantong and the impact of that in the business performance. So there will be some net contraction, but it won’t be from what you saw or what you are seeing in Q4 going forward. 
Mark C. Rohr: Well, I know that the government has been very clear that ethanol is a desirable fuel for them. Given that they've got significant coal, will they look at additions to that potentially they could longer term. But we look today at the price point of our technology, the environmental benefits that come with a higher octane and the lack of need for infrastructure changes. It gives them a direct reduction in gasoline import, so ethanol they’ve clearly said is a preferred option today. Most countries like Indonesia will look for as many different alternatives as possible. There's not going to be just one solution but we think [TCF] will be part of any solution in Indonesia.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah, so we are running Singapore today consistent with the way we did in the fourth quarter. I think we shared with you in the past that as we run that unit, we run at based upon demand, based upon the underlying market needs and so it continues to, it continues to operate at this point, right now in the same 24X7 cycle and I won't speculate about the future.
Mark C. Rohr: There is two items to keep in mind you look at equity earnings year-over-year and this quarter in particular. First of all, there is $22 million of earnings in there that relate to some debt forgiveness to one of our affiliates that is on the GAAP P&L, but we excluded it from our adjusted EPS. So that takes you to 79 million, 80 million down to about 58 million. So you are up about $10 million year-over-year, and that's principally driven by the fact that we have a turnaround in one of our Asian joint ventures in the fourth quarter of last year.  So I would say if you look at equity earnings excess to what kind of running at a normalized level, and as we’ve said we expect our equity affiliates to show a similar type of growth as we see in our business, particularly in AEM and consumer specialties, which is on the cost size you'll see accelerated growth as a result of the expansion as well as what we talked about earlier, which is the consolidation of our manufacturing footprint. So I think you adjusted us to items and have a normal world trade on that.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah.Hassan Ahmed – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay. Question about the clearly methanol facility. In your prepared remarks you essentially talked about how you’re continuing negotiations with potential partners and you expect maintain to be wrapped up by 2013. And almost shortly thereafter by mid-2015, you expect construction to be complete. So I guess my question is two fold. One is from these remarks it seems there really aren't any plus A delays associated with EP&C where co-construction work (inaudible) particularly keeping in mind the slug of new be at methanol, ethylene and the light capacity coming online that's one part. And the second, I guess question is that are you seeing or beginning to see any capital cost inflation out there as well.
Mark C. Rohr: Great question. So, we’re moving towards the conclusions on negotiations, and the parties are talking with the respective Board, so we think we’ll be in a position shortly to be more defendable about partnership and what we’re doing there. The primarily system that you called out are underway and the State of Texas it just takes a water to work through that process.  We don’t anticipate a problem that we’ll actually begin construction and begin real detailed challenge in here, we’ll actually order equipment and things like that. Before we have the final permits, we just can’t break ground until we have the permits. We share our view that even though it’s the end of the year for final permits it’s not a huge delay and for impact on the – on the project.  Regarding the inflation, we actually ahead of the curve a bit. So we’re on the other side of that curve, we’re getting excellent pricing on big equipment and raw materials, because those are kind of is there a shop something running and so we’re early – an early entrance for there – for that process. So you are right in saying it’s going to come, but I think we’re going to be on the some of that way and not behind it.Hassan Ahmed – Alembic Global Advisors: Very good, thanks so much, Mark.
Mark C. Rohr: Yeah, we typically said, I think it's about 30 months from our approvals to get these projects is running about...
Mark C. Rohr: In this space what we've done so far is we've identified three sites and the team is ready to go out and steady this side. We've done a broad permitting process, but we have to go far specific from this, and that's what we are kind of in the debate process with Pertamina and the Indonesian government.
Mark C. Rohr: Not right. When you could do, I guess academically you could do it, but it wouldn't have a lot to the project, it wouldn't reduce the project online very much because you still need to build ethanol, you still need to build all the infrastructure, you still need (inaudible). So I think what that gives us is going to be Indonesian project.
Mark C. Rohr: Bob, I think 2013 is clearly going to be a year where the Renewable Fuel Standard has a lot of debate. What I can say is that we are part of that debate. We’ll continue to be a part of that debate. We'll see how things go as we move forward, but I'll say the same thing that we’ve said for a while now which is changing any law and then maybe this law in particular is very challenging, but it's clear it's going to be under scrutiny during this session.
Mark C. Rohr: Let me, I will take a shot at this and then Steven can jump in. John, if you kind of walk away, I think about it remember when you talked about last year at this time Q4 year-on-year, if you recall that as we went into the quarter we were still – we were coming off of a very strong third quarter going into the fourth quarter, we were strong in October and then we saw decelerating that occurred in November, December which turned to be the precursor of I think what certainly we experienced in 2012. The fact is when you look at pricing and margins across the year they probably moved up and down within a range. But as we saw the second half a little bit more of the volume that I’ll say firmed up that’s in a context that we saw a little bit stronger second half certainly than we did the first half. We ran, and as I said before we run Singapore based upon the underlying market demand and what we did see through the course of, I’ll call it mid-to-later second half is, South East Asia got better, better relative to the first half, not better relative to a norm. The other part of this is we operate a global footprint. We’ve got to balance our system of globally as well for the highest efficiencies, based around supplying around the world. So there’s element of that is well that goes into the plan. So, margins that you’re seeing today are relatively similar to Q4 last year, frankly, with what we saw through the year, with the weaknesses in South East Asia, and with Europe, we feel actually pretty good about where we are and where we – whether that’s norm. And I think also suggest that at least in our minds may be that’s the bottom.
Doug Madden: So Mike, let me add a little bit more to that. If you kind of walk the world you started with your question in Europe and Mark is kind of given you the data on Europe. The thing about that net-net year-over-year, Europe down couple of percent, U.S. expected to be up by probably the same amount and Asia, Asia builds up substantially more probably high single-digit as a percent. As Mark said, we're seeing great growth year-over-year in our business in Asia relative to that industry. And if you recall, we see great growth in the amount of value and the amount of talent that we’ve put on every vehicle when we think about North America and EU, the more mature regions of the world.  We see some places where that’s going high single digit growth year-over-year which has a way of concentrating for may be modestly lower other goals as well. So frankly, overall we still see reasonably good industry and a market for 2013.
Doug Madden: No, I guess P.J. the only think I could add is that if you just kind of look at it you're talking about in some cases hundreds and in some cases maybe thousands of different applications all with the intent of lightweight in those vehicles. There are models out there that I can tell you from my own business that we’re doubling the size on particular models and putting our polymers on those vehicles. Others don’t grow quite as rapidly.  So Mark mentioned a few, I mean still early stages composite materials and rims and wheels that not yet commercialized, but clearly in line with that longer-term goal. Those are the kind of materials that are intended to help reach those fuel efficiencies putting product into structural things like seats and getting strength as a structural item or typical ones even with dashboard, but light weighting those even further with some of the work that we’re doing on the polymer. So I just say that the work that we do with the OEMs is consistent with that long-term – with that long-term standard and it’s growth for Celanese.
Doug Madden: P. J. I will drill a little bit too is that we’ve advanced this technology largely in passenger vehicles. And there are other applications that are also very interested in moving this way in other arenas. So we have the ability to move horizontally, we think too in a fashion so we have gotten the structural growth that Doug talked about in automotives, I think we have other places that we’re exploring and getting some good receptivity through our technology. 
Doug Madden: David, I think as we go into the New Year it’s typically close to New Year before we would see anything, I’d say that in China we’re modestly encouraged early on with the order books, but from years gone by we’ve learned that some time between for this year mid-to-later February before you see them come out of it. Last year they came out and wasn’t quite as strong we all know now, so we’re cautiously optimistic, but I think we need some time here to see how things develop. 
