Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. Sorry, we just saw, obviously, your partner Orsted taking a total impairment of around $900 million for the three projects. Can you just talk a little more about why you didn't take an additional impairment this quarter? And maybe just provide more clarity regarding Sunrise and that accelerated RFP process in New York with the buyer? I guess, John, what alternatives were you referencing? Thanks.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then, John, you mentioned that the sale process could be split with Sunrise later, which is kind of helpful, I guess. What could that look like? How should we think about the implications for investing in the project and timing? Basically, will you be on the hook for it? And any contingencies? Thanks, guys.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. I appreciate, guys. I'll jump back in the queue. I know there's others that want to ask. Thanks.
Joseph Nolan: Great. Well, thanks, Shar. Let me start with the RFP. While the merits of our repricing petition were in line with the recent NYSERDA RFPs and the resulting price ask from our petition was lower than the average price of a recent New York awards, our repricing petition was denied, unfortunately by the New York PSC. The primary reason, Shar, they cited was the pricing adjustments would have been done administratively rather than through competitive procurement, which is what they did not want to do. However, you'll see that NYSERDA then issued an RFP right after the denial for a future RFP for additional offshore wind. We have responded to that recent New York RFI and we'll evaluate the RFP terms. Given the maturity of Sunrise, in terms of the citing, permitting and early construction, this project is probably best positioned to win this RFP. John, you can hit on the impairment question for Shar, please.
Joseph Nolan: Sure. Thanks, David. So, yes, I mean, in our longer forecast, based on what consensus had interest rates moving and where the Fed is likely to be, we have factored that into our long-term growth prospects. The question is, when will the Fed start to turn the corner, either stabilize or perhaps even go start reducing rates? So that's what we're looking at in our 2024 plan. But right now, as I've said, the cost-cutting that we have been very successful to implement has compensated for that. From a cost-cutting measure we look at a multitude of things, right? We have done a great job in introducing technology that has lower operational costs. We look at on the shared services side what can we do there? So those are some of the items that we are very focused on.
Joseph Nolan: Sure. Thanks, Nick. I'll take I'll take a crack at it and then John can pipe in. Couple of things we're not -- we have no plans of filing a rate case in Connecticut. We actually -- the settlement precludes that until 2025. So that would be the earliest, although not required at that point. Our storm cost filing is in very good shape and the filing is imminent at any time, we can make that filing as well. Again, that's a filing that we need to go through first, a review of it. So it's -- they'll go through all the documents and make sure that everything is in order so that it's something that you want to deal with outside of a rate case. We'll get that behind us, get the amount established, and then that way there it makes for a simpler or less complex rate case. So that's the current thinking right now. John, if you want to add any color, feel free.
Joseph Nolan: Sure, sure. Yes, we do. Yes, we do. I mean, I'm hoping that the market and the whole sector doesn't stay at this level much longer. Then I'm hoping that things will start to move forward in the right direction for all of us, quite honestly. But yes, when we haven't issued it any equity, it's not a mad dash to issue equity. So we will continue to monitor things and be opportunistic as we can.
Joseph Nolan: Yeah. Well, thanks. Obviously, this is on everyone's mind. It's a process we've been working through. And as we've mentioned we have completed the terms with the buyer. The buyer now is working with our partner, Orsted. As we've mentioned, this buyer is very familiar to Orsted, they've done transactions with them. And we just need to see that play out. So I can't give you a day, a week, or a month, unfortunately. All I can tell you is that all of the terms associated with transaction with Eversource have been completed and that we feel very good about that. The buyer is still very eager on these projects, and we are going to work through it. And John and I will remain focused and disciplined around the execution of our divestiture of the wind business.
Joseph Nolan: Yeah. No, I mean, we still feel very good about Sunrise, given where it is in the gestation process. And the fact of the matter is, the significant demand and appetite for offshore wind. And the pricing that we were seeking in our filing is less than what the average price was for others selected. The project is a great project. It's got so much economic development, benefit, jobs benefits, location, point of interconnection in New York that we feel very, very good about it. So that's our feeling on it. We feel it's a winner.
Joseph Nolan: As you might imagine, this is a highly competitive process. There are other players in there, and that's something that we're not comfortable disclosing.
Joseph Nolan: No, I feel very, very confident that 2024 is our year for a transition to a clean, pure, regulated utility seeking singles and doubles and keeping everybody on this call very comfortable.
Joseph Nolan: Sure. I guess a transaction announced by year end would be ideal. And, obviously, we wouldn't close that until 2024. And then with regard to NYSERDA, they're the ones that are asserting that it would be a very quick turnaround. So that is why we have contemplated this idea that we may, in fact, have not even transacted with the buyer when we already have line of sight on pricing around Sunrise, obviously, which would be beneficial for any buyer to understand what we're dealing with here. So it's very near term -- it's the end of this year, we would be optimistic that we could make an announcement and then a closing in 2024 and then some clarity around Sunrise pricing.
Joseph Nolan: Yeah. I want to thank everybody for taking the time to join us this morning on our earnings call. I'm looking forward to seeing many of you next week in the desert at the EI Financial Conference, and we can spend some more time digging into any of the details that are important to you. And also, as you know, our investment relations team is always available to answer any questions that you might have in the interim. So thank you again for your time, and have a wonderful day.
John Moreira: Sure. Good morning, Shar. So it's pretty -- if you look at the impairment charge that our partner took last week and what happened to us in Q2, the impairment charge that we took, the pre-tax $401 million, which was reflective of the gain on the lease area, it's pretty comparable. So I would portray it this way that I think there is alignment between what has happened to us on these projects and what is -- and what we saw just last week with Orsted. So for that reason, and also the assumptions are very comparable with what they assumed and announced and what we considered back in June. And the last part of that question as to from a structural standpoint, you heard in my formal remarks that it's still very, very early in the process, but there could be a scenario where we move forward with the buyer on South Fork and Rev and kind of have a second transaction with this buyer to wrap up Sunrise. Obviously, it should be no surprise to anyone on the call from a project financing standpoint, you need to be locked in on the revenue agreement. So if there's an ability for us to enhance the revenue agreement and that takes four or five months, we are very supportive of that project delay in closing.
John Moreira: Sure, sure. Yes, we'll continue to have a funding requirement, but the negotiations that we already have with the buyer, we would be reimbursed for that extra funding at the time that we close. And, Shar, I think it's important to realize that based on what we have heard come out of NYSERDA, this is a very expedited RFP process. There's actually two. And so we could actually see a decision in advance of us closing the transaction on South Fork and Revolution. So I don't want to lose sight of that. But in case there's a further delay by NYSERDA in clarifying the win -- the bidders of those RFP processes, there is a scenario where we would still move forward on the path that we have in front of us for those two projects followed by Sunrise.
John Moreira: Sure, sure. As I said in my formal remarks, we pride ourselves in having very strong credit ratings, and that's important to us. And my remark on the unfortunality of it is that the fact that we do see a significant enhancement in 2024 that would get us well above the 13%, and quite honestly, probably exceeding the 15% threshold. But we fully understand the predicament that Moody's they've been in with a negative outlook for quite some time. Storm activity, as I've mentioned, in the past three years, have been -- have created a headwind for us from a cash flow perspective, but we do see that enhancing in the years to come.
John Moreira: Well, Steve, let me start by saying that having -- being at the 13% right now does give us a little bit more flexibility where we can be opportunistic from an equity standpoint. But as I've said, I don't want to lose sight of the fact that we strive on maintaining a very strong credit rating. And right now, based on our plan, I do see -- everything else being equal, I do see us getting to 15% by the end of 2024.
John Moreira: Yeah, I mean, we've done a great job in managing to the current year exposure, and we will continue to be focused on that. We are very disciplined in our O&M strategy, and we've been very successful, as a matter of fact. As a result of that cost discipline, we've been able to narrow our guidance range, our EPS guidance range. So, yes, I would say to frame it, when I started the year, I didn't think the Feds were going to move as rapidly as they did with increase in rates. So it has put some further pressure on us, and we have a plan that will get us to where we need to be.
John Moreira: No, no. If you recall my formal remarks, I said, look, right now our prospects is turn the corner in 2024 and beyond. So our core business is going to be a significant contributor to that. And the biggest driver of that will be the rate adjustments that we have in Massachusetts locked in. And while the pathway that we see to start recovering the nearly $1.6 billion of the first storm costs in Massachusetts and New Hampshire, as I've mentioned, we have about $400 million to $500 million kicking in into rates in 2024 that'll be recovered over the five year period. And then, we will be focused on the Connecticut deferred storm costs. And as we've said in the past, we look to file a Prudency, a cost review, and get that filing into PURA later this year.
John Moreira: Sure. I mean, it's -- as you can very well appreciate, it's a sizable amount that we will seek Prudency review. Right now, it's about $650 million that we're looking to put in front of PURA. So from a time standpoint, I would imagine that that would take quite some time, probably 10 to 12 months. It's a lot of information, a lot of due diligence that the regulator has to go through, Nick.
John Moreira: Yeah. Durgesh, I think we will be -- we will come below that significantly. I think you recall that early in the year, we moved $500 million out of 2023 and into 2024 and beyond. And currently we are behind. So when you see our 10-Q, you're going to see a balance for offshore wind at the end of $930 million of about two and a half. But keep in mind that we got in a little bit over $300 million in mid-October, so which puts -- which puts our year to date balance net of the impairment charge at about roughly $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion.
John Moreira: We'll have to wait and see where valuations are. But it's not, right now, it'll be over the next several years to put it in the 2 time to 3 time window time frame.
John Moreira: Sure. Let me take, there's a lot of items in there. So let me start with what we have left on our ATM is not $1.2 billion. We've already executed $200 million, so all we have is $1 billion left. And that assumption, and was reiterated on the call today, does assume that we would prevail on the -- that $850 million contingent consideration that I highlighted. So we've assumed that that would come in and we feel very good about it to the points that we've made on the call. So going out on the stock price, I mean, we haven't issued any equity this year for the simple fact of where values are. So we will continue to monitor that valuation as we move forward. As I've said, we have flexibility. Not looking to issue it all this year or next year, as I said, over time.
John Moreira: Sure, Julian. So the capitalized interest right now is about -- I don't know, I would say $25-ish million. And that's all at the parent company, $25 million, $30 million.
John Moreira: Well, with the cash inflows that I've mentioned, including some of the utilization of ITC, we can't lose sight over that, that I feel we would be able to harvest within the next 12 to 18 months, that's close to $500 million coming in the door, plus the proceeds from the offshore wind. We will turn the corner in 2024 and beyond. So, I do as Joe mentioned, 2024 is the pivotal turning period for us.
John Moreira: And Julian, we have, as I mentioned in my formal remarks, is $1.4 billion that will mature at the holding company in 2024. And that's all back end half year, those maturities will take place June and October.
John Moreira: Okay, so the breakup fees that Orsted announced on their call, we're 50% partner. So we would be on the hook for that 50% as well.
John Moreira: Yeah. I mean, we haven't disclosed that, but I think you can certainly kind of assess that as to where we stand. And the reason is that it's a moving target as to when the transaction closes because we still have this funding commitment. But if you draw the line in the sand, as of [$9.30 million] (ph), I mentioned that our total investment was $2.1 billion, and we have $850 million of contingent consideration that covers that balance. So the balance would kind of be in the range of what you would expect.
John Moreira: Travis, we're so excited about that plan that we filed because it does differentiate Massachusetts as being very progressive in that regard. And we're working with the key stakeholders, as Joe mentioned in his formal remarks. I would say from a cost recovery mechanism, I think it's far too early for us to speculate as to what that would be. We need this process to continue to kind of play out a bit more. Right now, as per the legislation, it's before this council, this Grid Mod Council that's made up of key stakeholders and policymakers of Massachusetts. So that is still being reviewed by the Council, and we'll file that early 2024 with the DPU. So I think it's a bit premature to start speculating on the recovery mechanisms.
