Joe Nolan: Yes. Well, thank you. As you know, I had committed to folks that we will work diligently on our relationships in Connecticut. This is one of the areas of focus. As you know, we talked about our exit from wind. I think you're seeing that we've successfully executing that strategy, working on Connecticut, the sale of Aquarion. With regard to Connecticut, I wish I could say that I had a high degree of comfort right now, the jury is still out. We are grateful for Governor Lamont's leadership. I think he's done a good job, and we'll continue to work at that. You have my commitment that I will continue to work on that relationship so that we get a stable regulatory environment for us to make any investments down there, especially on AMI because I've got to tell you, what's taking place in the energy markets, AMI today is more important than ever that we have a system that allows customers to make informed decisions around their use of energy. I think it saw what took place in the PJM markets, and this is the type of technology that we're going to need to deploy in our states in order to allow our customers to make those decisions around spending their dollars on energy.
Joe Nolan: Yes, sure. So the governor is now at 4, but it will go down to 3 in January. I think the governor is committed. I mean, certainly, any discussions I've had with him, he wants to strike a balance, and that's what he has told me that he wants to strike a balance in Connecticut. So yes, he may go to 5. I think he's going to continue to work at it. It's a work in progress to make sure that he brings stability and regulatory certainty to the state of Connecticut. But again, it's -- we're taking a wait-and-see approach.
Joe Nolan: …but knowing that -- that the sale process is imminent. It may happen in the third quarter. So you'll have line of sight.
Joe Nolan: Yes. Well, listen, I just will tell you that we have been spending a lot of time, significant outreach to over 100 communities that we serve there. We spent a lot of time down there. We continue to work it. I think it's important, and I think folks are beginning to understand just the type of impact Eversource has in Connecticut. I mean we employ over 5,000 people in that state, pay over $300 million in taxes. And our reliability numbers are extraordinary. When we first did that merger, our months between interruptions was in 12, now we're over 24 months between interruptions. We're probably best-in-class down there in terms of reliability. So I feel very good about that. But I wish I could tell you with certainty that everything is sanitary, but it's not. We are taking a wait-and-see approach on it, but I will commit to you that my efforts as we have exited the wind business, it's not only down to my focus is Connecticut. I spent a lot of time. I was there last week, had an opportunity to spend some time with key decision makers. I will continue to do that until such time as those relationships improve and that we can get some regulatory certainty on behalf of our customers and also our investors.
Joe Nolan: Sure. I mean we've been active participants in these forums. And I think as you know the one attractive piece of Eversource is that over 40% of our business is FERC related and transmission. So we're very good at it. I think we probably have the best engineering talent in the industry and any type of technology or deployment of technology or opportunities. I can promise you that Eversource will be at the forefront of them.
Joe Nolan: Yes. We were very pleased. I mean, that legislation goes hand in glove with our entire operation. I mean, the integrated planning and the type of clarity that's needed as we begin to advance our investments. I think that was really a very, very positive step for us, and it's something that -- it's what we're all about. We're about collaboration. And that's what's still refreshing there in New Hampshire as well as Massachusetts around collaboration that we understand what's important to those administrations, and that's what we're delivering on.
John Moreira: Sure, as I mentioned in my formal remarks, we recently have launched the process. Actually we're still working our way through finalizing some NDAs, In our forecasted financing plan, we assume that that transaction would wrap up by the -- by 2025 -- by the end of 2025. So that's our -- no change in that timeframe.
John Moreira: Well, the -- if you look at the table, Jeremy, the way this was designed is to highlight where it will end up in the FFO to debt calculation. So the $600 million is -- will be impacting the enhanced numerator of the math there and the $2.6 billion will offset debt. So that's -- that was the purpose of that table in there. So, sorry, if you add in any confusion. But that was the kind of the design.
John Moreira: And keep in mind, Jeremy, just I think it's important to keep in mind that these numbers only reflect 2024 and 2025. Obviously, there are certain recoveries that will continue well beyond 2025.
John Moreira: Well, Jeremy, the time line has not shifted. We were guiding that this potentially will close late Q2 or early Q3. And what we've said is we've already closed Sunrise Wind. We did that on July 9, and we expect to close the GIP deal in this quarter.
John Moreira: Well, I would say, the construction activity is progressing very, very well. As of a week ago, when we connected with Ørsted, the monopiles or the foundations, they're probably at 50% installed, which is a remarkable task knowing that we had the time of year restrictions. From a capital deployment standpoint, Jeremy, obviously, that is sensitive information as you -- I'm sorry, Nick, as you know, we haven't really disclosed that.
John Moreira: Yes. Yes, we do. I mean it's -- as I just stated, Nick, the construction activity is going very well, thus far.
John Moreira: Yes, sure. Sure. So let me start with the $200 million, Nick. The $200 million it does not reflect any recovery of Connecticut storms, okay? The $200 million is more -- is all related to Mass and New Hampshire. And keep in mind, this is only two-year recovery in both of those jurisdictions, the recovery period is five years. As it pertains to $634 million request that we have in front of PURA from a prudency review. As the schedule currently is laid out, which we're hoping to have a bit more of an acceleration there will take us through September-ish timeframe of 2025. So that really would align with the expectation of potentially we could file a rate case around that time. The historical process is you do the prudence in Connecticut, you do the prudency review and then you file a rate case and then the -- once the rate case has been buttoned up, and those -- that new rate goes into effect, that's when we would roll in the storm costs.
John Moreira: As of right now, I mean, we always continue to work with Ørsted on further updates. But as of right now, yes.
John Moreira: Sure. Sure, sure. So I think you just nailed the answer to that question. We do have a lot of things in flux. Our forecast -- our financing forecast when we pulled it together and disseminate it as part of our guidance in February, had a lot of puts and takes. I had a lot of assumptions and we're still navigating our way through that. So I think it's a bit too early to give further guidance on our equity needs. Where we are today, as we stand here, $1.3 billion is the right number until certain things reach closure.
John Moreira: Yes. These are the major, I would say, headlines, right? However, things always change -- one of the items that's not included in the slide that has materially developed is some of the tax benefits that we've been able to harvest has generated some cash refunds. So that -- the 2024 alone we had an inflow of tax refunds of about $120 million.
John Moreira: And the other thing that's noted that has not been quantified. But in my formal remarks, I did give you a lot of intel is the rate increases. We have EGMA going in with -- with a very sizable increase to start recovering the significant level of investments that we've made to that utility. And then we have the normal PBR rate mechanisms kicking in. And just yesterday, we got the approval to increase rates at PSNH, $61 million of interim rates. And within the next 12 months, we hope to have the final decision with another rate change effective August 1st of 2025. So that quantification would be further upside to this table that's shown, David.
John Moreira: Yes, we do expect to hit the cap. And I would say what gives us comfort is the fact that this was all assumed as part of our settlement agreement when we acquired the company. We worked through with the regulators, the key stakeholders as to what that -- the investments that, that entity needed, and that's why we needed this rate base roll in. This is the first of two rate-based roll-ins that will kick in. The first one is we -- as I just announced on the call this morning, kicks in November 1st of this year and then the second one will kick in November 1st of 2027.
John Moreira: Correct. As I mentioned in my formal remarks, we're also preparing to file our second prudency request for incremental storms that we've incurred. That's not part of the 634. So that -- we hope to goes in closing later this year.
John Moreira: Yes. I think the -- and we're glad that it did get pushed out -- it allows -- and we've been pushing for this. It allows for us to bring in key stakeholders and collaborate with these key stakeholders in Connecticut to reach a very constructive PBR structure. We are very familiar with the PBR, what we have in Massachusetts. And recently, as I mentioned on the -- in my formal remarks, we're looking to introduce the same type of structure in New Hampshire.
John Moreira: Correct, which would be permanent because we offload our debt with that. And then on the numerator side, once again, as I previously mentioned, those numbers only reflect cash inflows to 2024 and 2025. Obviously, these deferrals will continue beyond that period.
John Moreira: No. Those -- the prudency review there's multiple things happening in Mass. So we do have a prudency review happening in Mass. These are what -- these costs have already been approved in rates -- so any -- for Massachusetts. The one in New Hampshire yes, a good chunk of that we filed for $240 million that's going through the prudency review there. That will kick in right around the time that permanent rates goes into effect, which will be in 2025. So there is a piece of that in here. And as I mentioned, both Massachusetts and New Hampshire has a five-year recovery window.
John Moreira: As I mentioned, Travis, our New Hampshire customers have experienced the benefit from those investments that we've made.
John Moreira: Yes. No, as I mentioned in my formal remarks, Ryan, as we saw with the Sunrise we have to reconcile to the CapEx that was embedded in the original purchase price. But that in and of itself will not have any impact on our financing plan. We spend less than what we thought the purchase price comes down. We spend more than what we had agreed to the purchase price increases. So really, no impact whatsoever. And as it relates to the revolution as we've been saying right along, there is a potential contingency that we would be subject to from a construction standpoint that we have to be mindful. But as I mentioned, so far, the construction activity has gone pretty well.
