Joseph Nolan: Thank you, John. As I previously said, I'm very excited as I look ahead to the future of Eversource. This amazing team that delivers every day is on the brink of a critical energy transformation, that will benefit our customers, our communities and our environment. The need for utility infrastructure investment has never been greater. In fact, in a draft study released last year, ISO New England projected a need, for up to $15 billion of transmission investment, to meet the region's 2050 Clean Energy objectives. As we look ahead, we see a tremendous need for a collaborative approach to leverage our utility infrastructure development and superior operating skills in Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Connecticut. On that note, I want to thank you for your interest in Eversource and I look forward to seeing you soon. I'll now turn the call back over to Bob and we look forward to answering your questions.
Joseph Nolan: Sure. Good question, Shar. Thank you. I would start off by saying that Aquarion, we view Aquarion as a very valuable and attractive asset portfolio, company is well managed, well recognized as a water distribution company and its leadership. So we're -- based on that fact pattern, we've sized and we've estimated what we feel we could harvest from a potential sale. And just to be clear, the $1.3 billion is up to $1.3 billion of equity over the next several years. So we have some flexibility, so we can flex that depending on the ultimate proceeds that we receive.
Joseph Nolan: Yes. Sure, Shar. It's Joe. I'll take that. I'll tell you, I'm really, really proud of the work that's taken place on South Fork. It's been an opportunity for us to really dry run, get a sense as to what's involved in this installation. This is a 12 turbine installation. We have 11 out in the lease area now. the 12th one is loaded on the barge in New London. It will go there this weekend. We have been delivering power since November, to folks in Long Island which we're very, very proud of. So given that we are the first upscale offshore wind farm in the United States, that brought a great opportunity for us to be able to understand what's involved in that. So in the fall, we were able to take a real good look at the cost, all the charges associated with constructing South Fork, as we begin to kind of refresh the Revolution costs. And I will tell you that we have accounted for the vessel strategy that we have to utilize now, we're utilizing a feeder barge [indiscernible] European vessel. It's been going very, very well. Those are some of the big charges. Those are the things that have caused increases in offshore wind costs for everybody, not just us. The lack of American vessels is certainly going to be a challenge for anyone in this business. But I will tell you that we have successfully executed. We will have -- the project will be done in March in South Fork. All of the kind of lessons learned, all of the challenges, everything that we've experienced in this offshore wind market, associated with South Fork has been brought to the table on Revolution. So that we know exactly what this is going to cost. We feel very comfortable with this number, this exposure at $240 million given what we have already factored in. So I have a great deal of confidence that we will be able to bring this in and not have to worry about these -- in the overruns.
Joseph Nolan: Yes. Well, let me add a couple of things. I'm not going to give you a time line on the asset yield but I will tell you that it's a very different animal, Aquarion. I mean we're talking about wind partnership with another party. We only own 50%. We talked about the fact that it's very challenging and you don't own the entire asset. We own all of Aquarion. It makes things a lot less complex. This asset is very, very attractive. We've been in this business now for several years. It's a great business. It's the seventh largest water company in the country. But the fact of the matter is there are 50,000 water companies in the country. So to try to do -- to assemble water companies. It takes time, it takes effort but something of this magnitude certainly is attractive to many, many folks. So I won't give you a time line but I will tell you that it's not nearly as complex. It's not even in the same category of the wind assets. So I feel very, very good about it.
Joseph Nolan: Yes. So Angie, this is Joe. The court case was heard. We felt that the -- it went very well. We do expect a decision in the next few months. And our expectation is that it would go back to PURA. It will have no impact on our ability to transact. So we're still -- we're very, very confident in that case in the outcome.
Joseph Nolan: Yes. No, we've had communication with the governor. I did talk to the governor and I let him know of this transaction. As you know, it's quasi-judicial Board, the PURA and there's certain things they can and can't talk about. So we're trying to be very mindful of that.
Joseph Nolan: It's been -- it's already been baked in the transaction. That's what -- that's a portion of the impairment which would allow them to be able to get the return that they expect. So that's already been factored in that -- that was accounted for.
Joseph Nolan: Sure. I mean would be all resolved at COD. At COD, our contingent liability is resolved. We plan to have the Revolution project in service in the fall of 2025. So that should be the timing you should be thinking.
Joseph Nolan: No, it's -- the process has not started. It's going to -- last night, we kicked it off and it will be -- we'll get to work on it as soon as this call is over.
Joseph Nolan: Yes. No, no, great question. So we're actively involved in the land-based portion of that construction. I've been down in Rhode Island. I've been with Governor McKee, we broke ground on the substation, the conduit work that runs from the point of entry from the ocean to the substation. We will play a very, very active role. And I think that having a seat at the table is important for all the reasons that you stated. So we will continue to play that role until such time as that project is in commercial operation.
John Moreira: Yes. Well, I mean, we've been guiding the street right along for the past several years, had a $1 billion need, right? And now we're going up to $1.3 billion. So I think it will happen over the next several years. We do plan to be in a position to issue, to go to the equity markets over the coming months. And we are going to -- Shar, just wanted to know, that's why we specifically indicated that we will be executing our equity needs through our ATM program to give us the flexibility that we need.
John Moreira: Yes. I mean that was -- we like the ATM program for the reasons I've just stated, it gives us tremendous opportunity and we can take advantage of the market. But if we encounter a very favorable, attractive value, then we can do something -- we'll look to do something else. Whether it's a block or some other deals. So right now, we -- I want to have the most -- the greatest sense of flexibility to execute and maximize the value that we harvest.
John Moreira: Yes. I mean we -- 2023, we have been challenged by our operating cash flow, is primarily driven by the turnaround and the methodology that we have been required to use as part of guidance from PURA. So for example, our -- we've been significantly under recovered at the COMP franchise in 2023, by a sizable amount close to $1 billion. So that's going to turn around and that's going to turn around in 2024 and 2025. We will get that cash in. So right now, we expect to be in the low single digits for 2023. We're still kind of working those numbers through. But moving forward, I feel confident that we'll be in a 14% to 15% FFO to debt, as I indicated in Slide 19. I'm sorry, I said low single digits. I'm sorry. I meant low double digits.
John Moreira: Exactly. So the utilization of that, Steve, will happen based on our taxable income. So a lot can happen, storm costs being one of them that we take the deduction as we incur those storm costs and that can lower the utilization of that ITC. So right now, we've modeled it over the next 24 months but if we have further deductions from an operating standpoint, that would slip into '26.
John Moreira: Yes. We don't have -- Connecticut is not factored in. As you -- we just said in the formal remarks, we filed for the prudency review. That's going to take some time. So none of that, it's all really predicated on Massachusetts and New Hampshire. However, once the Connecticut storm cost recovery kicks in, that will give us more inflow of cash for the out years beyond 2025.
John Moreira: Sure, Nick. So let me start with the latter question. The Aquarion potential sale is baked into that guidance, as I mentioned. So we are assuming that. And then the 5% to 7%, as I want to reiterate, it's a growth aspiration of 5% to 7%. We're not giving any indication where on that spectrum we will ultimately land. Right now, we're comfortable with that, a lot can happen that can move us up. But until we have that more transparency and more clarity, we're sticking with 5% to 7% growth rate. We'll continue to update you all as things progress on our long-term guidance growth.
John Moreira: And I would just add, Joe, is spot on from an execution, this is a totally different animal. And then from your latter question on how the agencies, as long as we have a pathway, this kind of mitigates any further equity needs that we may have. So it's still cash coming in the door which is very appealing and supportive of our credit metrics.
John Moreira: Yes. I would say that in 2023, we did experience some higher O&M levels that we don't think will reoccur in 2024. So that's one of the drivers, David. And then we are still in the technology deployment. Right now, we are going through a new CIS system, as part of the Massachusetts AMI deployment. And we think that there are savings, there are efficiencies that we can harvest as well. We already have one of our operator in Western Massachusetts went live a couple of weeks ago. So we think that there's savings there as well that we can harvest. So those are the major drivers. And as well as other efficiencies throughout the organization.
John Moreira: That is absolutely correct. It's not -- any proceeds from an ultimate sale to Orsted has not been factored into our financing plan. So it would adjust our equity needs. And then for that reason, among other things, that's why we went out with an up to valuation. So you're thinking about it correctly.
John Moreira: The 1 point -- the up to $1.3 billion does not include the DRIP. So that level is pretty consistent about $100 million to $120 million per year and that will continue.
John Moreira: I would say it's a combination of both. Yes, we did leave the CapEx, their CapEx in our forecast but it's clear, it's delineated. You can see how much that relates to. And the fact that in my formal remarks, I highlighted and we have it in the slide on the deck that if you look at the forecast period, forecast over forecast, we're up $1.6 billion. And in my formal remarks, I also indicated that we should be mindful of what has not been included in our 5-year forecast. And that amount could be up to $1 billion to -- up to $2 billion, once again within this forecast period. So we feel very, very optimistic, we are able not only to replace the earnings but also mitigate any of the dilution.
John Moreira: Yes. I mean, obviously, they have dipped a little. We've been out of Connecticut for quite some time. We've had the settlement agreement. I would say that they're probably in the CL&P [ph] is around hovering around 8% and Yankee in the 7% range.
John Moreira: Well, I mean, we were -- we've determined that we're going to stay out for at least another year or longer. So we model in the appropriate assumptions as we normally do with any rate proceeding in our 5-year forecast.
John Moreira: Yes. So Angie, we're very mindful of what the downgrade thresholds are. And our financing plan, we feel confident that it will meet that -- those thresholds, particularly at S&P which has moved us up to a 14% threshold, as you know.
John Moreira: Angie, I would just add that, quite honestly, as Joe mentioned, we should see that court decision in the next couple of weeks. That's our expectation. And that would actually be behind us before we execute on the transaction.
John Moreira: Angie, you're spot on. As you heard from me, our growth rate 2023, compared to '22, hovered around a 6% growth rate. We just -- as Joe mentioned, the Board just approved on an annualized basis, another 6% dividend increase. So we have a long-standing record of continuing to grow our dividend in line with our earnings.
John Moreira: Yes, Anthony, this is John. So the ITC that Steve was alluding to, relates to the South Fork equity investment, that we just completed last year. And the size of that bread box is about $500 million. We have not recognized any of those ITCs. And I would view those ITCs as being cash driven and not earnings driven.
John Moreira: Yes, Paul, we really haven't said that. There's time sensitivities as to when funding obligations transfer, not only to both GIP but also to Orsted as well. But I can tell you that it's not a significant level. And all of those assumptions have been baked into our financing plan.
John Moreira: Yes. I mean, where we landed in 2023, I would say, high teens and where we project to be in 2024 is also in the high teens, I would say, 18% to 20%, is the effective tax rate. So some of the benefits that we were able to recognize, we see those recurring in 2024.
John Moreira: Yes. And that's been factored into our financing plan, the timing of when that would reach COD and so we're -- we feel good. Joe, in his formal remarks and some of the Q&A that he's responded to, we feel good where we are with the most current forecast -- construction forecast for Revolution and that has become the baseline for the sharing.
John Moreira: No, we don't. I just reiterated what our expectations are for both long-term earnings, EPS growth of 5% to 7% and we have -- we expect to grow our dividend in line with the earnings growth.
John Moreira: Well, I would say the Aquarion transaction was more -- it's predicated on the fact that our equity needs that we need to raise equity and this is an accretive -- potential accretive transaction that we are looking to execute. So that's really kind of the impetus of us pursuing a transaction for Aquarion.
John Moreira: Yes. Paul, a couple of things there. Number one, quite honestly, we were a bit disappointed that docket or those dockets, there is actually 3 of them got delayed or pushed out a bit. So I think it's still far too early for us to speculate because I think there are proceedings that we wanted to take place. And now some of those will likely happen. So we can't speculate, as to what the outcome would be at this point. I think there's a lot more work and a lot more discussion with PURA that will have to take place.
John Moreira: Well, I would say the interest obviously is higher and we said that has an impact. But I would focus your attention more on to the financing plan, that we just disseminated and the EPS growth rate and for '24 and the longer-term growth rate.
