Thomas A. George: Okay. Randy, what we've assumed in the guidance, we're pretty cautious here in light of the uncertainty around the weather. So we really assumed minimal reorders similar to what we experienced in 2012, i.e. minimal reorders, and we've assumed similar cancellations that we received in 2012. And we received a fair amount of cancellations, relatively large amount relative to our historical pattern for cancellations. So that's the assumptions that we put into it. At this point in time, where we're at in the pre-booking process, we wanted to make sure we were cautious on our domestic wholesale business, and the...
Thomas A. George: Yes, and let me also clarify something. On the 2013 CapEx of $85 million, $30 million of it is for the facility, and I think I misspoke and I said $15 million for everything else. It's really $55 million for everything else. And you're correct.
Thomas A. George: I think the biggest drivers, you hit on it, the retail stores will have another fourth quarter. And just a point of reference, in the fourth quarter, the typical retail store does about half of its annual revenues and does about 3/4 of its annual operating profit, all in the fourth quarter. So this year's fourth quarter will have another year of the openings we had in 2012, and then we'll have another 30 stores. So that's the big catalyst, as well as we have some more eCommerce business expected over the course of the year. It's really driven in the back half, and a lot of that is driven by some new initiatives in eCommerce, as well as our International eCommerce site. And then Sanuk and Teva have some growth in the back half of the year, especially the fourth quarter, with Teva it's more closed toe footwear, and Sanuk, it's more of a rounded out fall line.
Thomas A. George: I think when you think about SG&A long term, you sort of also need to look what the gross margin may look at long term. I mean, with the increase in the direct-to-consumer and some of these other initiatives around input costs, I think there's opportunity to expand gross margins, obviously, above our current level. That being said, we need to be able to invest to drive the growth, and I think we need to, on a longer-term basis, look at the company more similar to other [ph] multibillion global multichannel brands, and when you sort of net out there, you net out to a new view on operating margins more in the mid-teens on a longer-term basis on a much larger company.
Thomas A. George: Yes, for the full year, we've, again, we want to be cautious there, and we're looking at full year total company same-store sales assumption relatively flat and sort of embedded in that is some improvement in China and U.K., still some work to be done there, but at least we started to identify some of the issues there. So that's that. In the first quarter, another thing on the full year number is Japan, some tough comparisons there in some of these newer stores going to the base. So we don't expect same-store sales in Japan to continue at the high clip they've been. So that's the full year number, flattish. The first quarter we expect some modest kind of growth in the first quarter, but still relatively small in the first quarter as well.
Thomas A. George: Yes, again, I mentioned sort of a modest view on comp. We do have 30 more stores. At the same time, our wholesale business is under pressure in the first quarter compared to the year-ago quarter, albeit last year was a difficult winter in January and most of February. We still had more classic boot kind of sales the first couple of months of last year than we've been experiencing this year.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Mitch, it's Tom. The backlog numbers I talked about were as of the end of December 31, early in the prebooking process, and the other thing we've seen this year, like I mentioned on the call, is it seemed to be that the customers are viewing the product and ordering the product later than we saw last year. And last year, by the end of December, we had a good amount of customers still, although early, that already viewed, written some of the products. On the pre-book, still early. We're pleased we have some of the products been booking. The booking, the prebooking process goes through the end of April. So we've got a good amount of it, and we feel we've taken a cautious look in terms of where the pre-book is going to end by the end of April when we've developed our guidance.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think the wholesale guidance, again, being cautious here with all the other assumptions I laid out, for UGG, for the total year, we're assuming at this point in time, the wholesale guidance could be down mid- to high-single digits.
Thomas A. George: And Mitch, the 150 basis points I talked about of improvement in the margin related to sheepskin, that does include -- a portion of the 150% is related to UGG Pure, albeit we're at the early stages of that really.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Scott, this is Tom. I mean a good amount of it, there's obviously a lot of different dynamics, depending on what region you talk about. But our first class of stores, so to speak, the first 48, are just great locations and are very productive. So in terms of, does it make sense to open more stores? I mean, look at those even with the productivity below the best -- the freshmen class, so to speak, they're great returns, great, great operating margins, great returns on capital with those 1-year paybacks. So that, coupled with some of the earlier trends we're seeing out in the marketplace wholesale versus retail that Angel talked about, it makes a lot of sense to do this.
Thomas A. George: Christian, it's Tom. In terms of the year-over-year guided OpEx versus where we were at in 2012, I mean really most of the year-over-year increase is really related to the retail stores, as well as our eCommerce business. That's it, net-net. And with the -- when you're talking about 24 stores that now are opened, the 20 -- excuse me, the 30 that we opened in 2012, they're obviously going to roll in starting the first quarter of this year. And then as we open the roughly 30 more stores in 2013, most of those will be in the fourth quarter. I think another subset of that retail in eCommerce, to give you a little granularity, is our eCommerce business, which is about 10% of the total overall OpEx increase for the year. And there's a fair amount of variability in eCommerce business, and we're looking at some good strength in the eCommerce business world [ph]. So there's -- hopefully that gives you some, you have the typical retail operating expenses or the amortization of the leasehold improvement, the supplies, the labor, those kinds of things.
Thomas A. George: Yes, the biggest drivers in that are the couple brands. Although we see growth in every one of the brands that's in that other category, the biggest growth is in the Ahnu brand, as well as our new brand Hoka. Those are the 2 biggest drivers.
Thomas A. George: On that one particular brand, there's more in the back half than the front half, but it's fairly and fairly even.
Angel R. Martinez: This is Angel. I think the replenishment component is something to keep in mind. We are the #1 in terms of footwear gifted item at the holidays. And as we saw with the onset of colder weather, people did rush out to replace some of the UGG products, primarily it was a lot of slippers and a lot of the new styles, some of the classic products. As a matter of fact, in The Daily Beast today, I just saw this, there was an article on the resurgence of UGG classic. So that's -- I always wonder where we went, I don't think that we went away, but people are rediscovering it. So that bodes well. It's just still right now, consumers are challenged by the multiple opportunities they have to buy product, not just in retail environments, wholesale environments obviously, but in online, et cetera. So we're sort of trying to evaluate all of that stuff in our assumptions.
Angel R. Martinez: I think first of all, weather was a key factor. I think certainly in the back half of December, the weather did, well, improved to what we call UGG weather, it was a big, significant factor. I think consumers are putting off their purchasing to, as we've said, beginning last year even, buy now, wear now. They're just developing a habit of buying closer to the market, which is I think part of why we've made the decision that -- our expectation is that we're going to see more of our business weighted towards the fourth quarter than we had seen in the past. And I think that this is also a component of the Omni-channel strategy that seems to be emerging in so many different manifestations. I mean we -- it's still hard to understand the full impact of Omni-channel on consumer behavior, on the impact to conventional wholesale customers. Consumers want what they want, and they want it now, and they want it in every easy way they can get it. So that has a ripple effect on a lot of assumptions and a lot of investments that people make in terms of inventory levels, et cetera. So this is all still shaking out, and we're being cautious, but I think we have our eyes open and we're doing -- we're working very, very hard to project the impact of what I would almost call a revolutionary change in the wholesale environment and consumer behavior around Omni-channel.
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. Well, first of all, our classic pricing, let me start with that. The classic pricing is something that our researches said consumers have an expectation of quality with the UGG brand that are willing to pay a premium price, but when we push the price beyond a certain point, we start seeing a negative effect, and we saw that last year. We expect that we'll be able with UGG Pure and other improvements in supply chain, in design and development, that we'll be able to hold our price structure now and actually evolve our pricing to fill in -- and our product line to fill in some areas where we're leaving opportunity open to the competition. And that's a worldwide statement. We feel that in markets like China, for example, we are priced quite high, and I think that we're speaking to a very high-end luxury consumer, and there are people out there with knockoff products selling at 20%, 30%, 40% below, driving a very, very big business on the tails of UGG. We feel that, that's an opportunity for the UGG brand, and we're going to be developing product to address that. What was the first question again? I'm sorry.
Angel R. Martinez: Oh, distribution. I said before that, as the brand has evolved and our men's business, our kids' business, our year-round business, it requires a commitment of inventory, it requires a commitment on the brand by a retailer. And where we get those commitments and we see that kind of support for the brand, we have partners for life, if you will. However, there are some environments where we don't -- we're not happy with the brand presentation, we're not happy with the support for the year-round elements of the business and the support for the men's product, so we have to reevaluate whether or not those are long-term participants in the brand success going forward. Consumers today expect a full brand experience when they have a brand they love like UGG. They don't want to see a piecemeal representation and a brand that gets cherrypicked and put out there at retail. So we're taking a very hard look at that. It's a very important part of what we'll be doing. When you walk in to an Apple retail, you expect to see a full array of Apple products, you expect to see all the new stuff, you expect to see it celebrated in the presentation, and that's what we'll have with the UGG brand.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Bob, I think that the board is open to being more flexible from a capital structure point of view and in incurring some debt. That being said, we're cautious about the business and don't want to incur too much debt. There's obviously the seasonality in the business, the third quarter especially, there's a large consumption of working capital, thereby some good size draws on our working capital line. So I think net-net, there's sort of a general trend of being more open to some borrowing related to the share repurchase. That being said, we see a lot of opportunity within our own business to continue to reinvest in our own business vis-à-vis repurchasing stock. I think the last 12 months when we repurchased $221 million of stock, that, I think, that sends a strong message about our confidence in the business itself.
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. Well, I mentioned Omni-channel earlier, and it's pretty clear that, that is becoming the driver of marketing strategy. The ability to have a relationship one-on-one with the consumer today, intersect that consumer in every way they care to shop and they care to access your brand is really critical. And it's global, that's not just the U.S., that's what's happening all over the world. So it really requires us to reallocate our marketing expenses in a way that puts us where we need to be over the course of the next few years so that we're not missing that opportunity to offer all of our brands, offer consumers access, the way they want them, when they want them. This is, as I mentioned, a revolutionary moment, I think. I think that we're still -- all of us, I mean everyone in the industry and I think all of retail is still assessing the impact. I think it has broad implications for how retailers sell product in the future, how brands put their products out there. And the idea of running magazine ads like we used to run. It's like the old adage, 50% of it works, I just don't know which 50%, that's been way obsoleted now, because we can run digital advertising, digital marketing, and we can tell you precisely that day how well that performed and where and to what extent it was a good investment. So we're orienting ourselves toward this future, and that's what's happening.
Angel R. Martinez: I think as we look long-term, yes, they are related in the sense that transitional product is at lower price point, generally speaking. It's not the twin-faced sheepskin product that classic is and classic predominates in the fourth quarter. So we already know, because of our success with extensions of our moccasin program, for example, and a variety of other stuff that we've done, the consumers are amenable to it. We have really kind of been tiptoeing around it. We really didn't have the capability, given the sheepskin pricing issue, to address the breadth of price points that are required in order for us to fully exploit the development of that kind of a product line. UGG Pure allows us to have a lot more flexibility. It is in every way superior to the current feel of our product. It's -- good as our products feel, we feel we've hit on something even better, and consumer testing has already demonstrated that it is preferred to a significant level in terms of its suppleness, its softness, et cetera. So there are some things and you'll see them in the lines, in the footbeds or sock liners, as we say, and use sort of minimally as we've been ramping up on this new material approach. It's pretty exciting because it does give us less of a dependence on the availability of sheepskin in the global market. So that's not to say we won't be continuing to create product using the conventional material, it just means that we'll be far less dependent on the sheepskin, the twin-faced, that we've been using. And the other thing that it does is that it gives us the chance to explore some lifestyle products and home products, which we've been dabbling in that. But again, the same reason that we haven't pursued it more aggressively, when we would create these products, we'd find ourselves almost priced out of the real volume opportunities, still a quality premium [ph] level, but our prices were too high. This now allows us to fully evolve that whole idea, and we're pretty excited about that.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we could have invested in better weather predicting. We have for quite a while, as I mentioned in my comments, for the last 2 years, we've been working on this innovation of UGG Pure. It's not something that we have been shy about. I mean, we put a lot of resources against this. It's been an important thing -- I kind of wish we would have been even more aggressive there because it has proven to be validated as a very important thing going forward. Now if I have known it would all have come together, I really would have been even harder driving against that. So, I guess, I would also say that this transitional product that we're now doing, I would have liked to have begun that process earlier. But in a sense, it's very difficult when we knew what our -- what the known components of pricing and raw material costs were what they were a year ago, UGG Pure has still not fully evolved. And so it was even hard then to get as aggressive about the development of the transitional product. And so -- but innovation is a key to our success in the future, and this is really -- how hard we push on innovation is something that I've learned we need to push even harder. I mean, I think we need to get the entire organization focused on innovative ideas in every single component of our business. And I think that, frankly, with all of those things that went down in 2012, the first few months, we were a little shellshocked. We kept sort of saying to ourselves this really can't all be happening at the same time. And we were caught perhaps a little bit flatfooted. Well that's not true right now, I tell you that. We're in full sprint mode, and I think that's the major lesson learned.
Angel R. Martinez: Also there's one other thing that comes to mind when you asked that question, what would we have done differently? I don't think looking back, that we would have pushed our suggested retail prices in line with our increases in material cost. We were trying to protect our bottom line, and I think it cost us, and I think that's a lesson learned. I think in the end, and it's something we've always said, but it's hard under fire to hold to it. The consumer rules, the consumer wants what they want, and you have to be super careful not to go beyond a point where consumers feel that you've overstepped the boundary, and we really -- we knew that, we were conscious of that, but at the same -- I wanted to satisfy all of you guys, all of our shareholders, and I think we got caught a little bit there. So I think that's a lesson learned going forward.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I'd say yes. The transitional product -- and we're just not calling that, that's like a working name. But the casual product that we have been showing has booked extremely well. I mean, it's booked extremely well for Q3. So we really feel like we've got momentum there. We've also had ballerinas doing very well, the driving mocs, our "smoking slippers", those are all transitional products, and they're not sheepskin-dependent per se, they have sheepskin touches. But they have been well received. We have had as well, excellent sell-through on those products this fall when we introduced them in a more complete assortment than we had in the past. So I think that really bodes well for the retailer and the consumer reception to this idea.
Angel R. Martinez: And also keep in mind that the stores we've got in Asia have been pretty much located in what you might call luxury environments. These are really premium malls. The neighbors are high-end neighbors, if you will. The consumer is now evolving, the middle is coming up. The consumer for -- and more malls are developing that cater to what you might call upper middle-class or solid middle-class people in Asia, particularly China. And so we have opportunity to expand beyond the luxury locations that we've been in, which is fine for -- those have been great for brand positioning and image. But I think that we have now got an opportunity to access more consumers, just a lot more consumers, for whom the brand, and in China, it's called U-G-G, that's how they refer to it, UGG is considered a premium high-end brand, high-quality. So our goal really has to be to make sure that we're merchandising product line appropriately for the Asian consumer, and not even Asian, for the Chinese versus the Korean versus the Japanese, and also making sure that we're hitting the price points we need to hit because this is really a critical component of our growth going forward.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I'm not going to speculate on exactly where we -- what class of product we put it in. I would just say that it's, as a material, it is softer, it is more consistent. And the perception is it's higher quality than even the natural stuff that's out there, which as much as we select for the best hides, a lot of the shearling material itself feels a little coarse by comparison. So this is a significant enhancement to our product consistency.
Angel R. Martinez: With the innovation we talked about with UGG Pure and some of the recent learnings we have in our retail business, especially in Asia, we're, at this point in time, we're sort of going through the update process of our longer-term plans. So I really can't comment or update any long-term plans at this point in time, but I will fall back what I said earlier, with these opportunities we see in the UGG Pure innovation and even with the lower productivity, the great returns on capital and great operating margins we see there, albeit we're going to have to invest in the right OpEx and the right infrastructure to be able to grow a global brand, we still -- we obviously still feel there's great opportunities long run, long term.
Angel R. Martinez: So a couple of things to talk about NPD data. It doesn't cover our entire distribution base. Obviously, doesn't cover our retail stores or our eCommerce. Some of their categories blur the lines in terms of where UGG falls and where UGG doesn't fall. I think we've talked about how the sporadic weather, how that's impact weekly sell-through, not only our wholesale channel, but our own retail stores. So I mean it's 1 thing to look at, it's certainly, in our mind, not the most important thing to look at.
Angel R. Martinez: And also just more responsiveness from our suppliers. In other words, being more current with consumer preferences. This is a business historically that was wholesale driven, so we built product for introduction twice a year. We went to trade shows 2x a year. The consumer wants fresh products every 60 days at a minimum, and you have to be much more reactive, and especially when they seem to have access to sort of every presentation of product across the Internet, a fashion thing happens or color happens or a trend, motorcycle boots pop and they pop big and they pop everywhere. So we have to be current, we have to be aggressive, and that's what these changes are going to guarantee.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think we will always be quite -- it will always be very important for us to be in a wholesale environment. Right now, and I'll just throw a number out, I wouldn't ever see us less than 50% of our business being wholesale as it's been historically. Now how long before that happens? It's up to the consumer, what they want and whether or not in many cases, we even have the wholesale partners who make the transition to Omni-channel. I think one of the things that I know about the footwear business, it's really important for you to be available in-store with multiple brands. Obviously, in our own environment, it's only going to be UGG. But the true test of competitiveness is when you're in a Nordstrom and you are up against all the other great brands and you perform on that level. That's what's unique about the footwear industry. People go to a store, they want to try on a variety of products, if they're looking for a boot or a loaf or a driving moc, they don't just want to try on yours. So you have to win that battle at retail, it's what I call the last 3 feet. That is always going to be a critical component of success for this company long term. That's a key element of the footwear industry. And so our job is to be in the best environment where the brand is presented consistent with our expectations and the consumer value that is placed on those brands. So wholesale will always be important. It will always be a key component. And frankly, over time, as retailers evolve to the new realities of consumer behavior, the partnership that we have with them is going to be absolutely critical because it's going to be a multi-legged stool. You're going to have the Internet, you're going to have wholesale, you're going to have our own retail. And all 3 things have to work in concert for that consumer to be satisfied. And so it means that we have a lot of collaboration with our customers, and that's why it's so important that we make sure we have wholesale partners that are committed to the same vision for the brands as we are.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we see -- whenever the weather gets cold, we see very strong performance in our stores and on our Internet sites. It's become just a very precise barometer. It's amazing actually. This wasn't necessarily the case when we were in an environment where, let's say, our business was concentrated in California, and we have cool nights in California, even in the summertime. So our business was pretty stable because people put on UGG in the evenings to go out on a cool evening. Well, it really did change the dynamic for our brand in ways that we began to understand a lot better with the real extreme swings in weather. The real extreme swings in weather sort of highlighted this consumer behavior and really created for us a need to really diversify the product offering and do some things that if the consumer loves UGG, they love it for the comfort, they love it for the quality and the luxury. We want to make sure that there's a version of UGG that they can wear in most weather environments.
Angel R. Martinez: And just to give you a little color on Hoka. Hoka One One is a running shoe brand that was developed for ultramarathon running. We're talking 50, 100 mile races in the mountains, has tremendous momentum in running specialty, extremely authentic brand. We have been looking for an opportunity in the athletic aspect of footwear, we don't play in that arena. That's the biggest piece of the business when it comes to footwear globally, and we wanted to make sure it was an authentic brand, preferably a running shoe brand. So we're pretty excited about Hoka. It's still young, it's still small, but it's evolving very quickly. They're extraordinary shoes. They really are amazing products.
Angel R. Martinez: I think outlet stores for us have been something that we've been a little bit opportunistic on. We haven't put the focus on an outlet strategy as compared, separate and distinct from a first-line store strategy. If you look at some of our outlet stores, I think they're wonderful-looking stores. It's a great shopping experience. We're going to be more focused -- focusing more on the merchandising of those stores as distinct and separate from our concept stores. We're going to be more aggressive about locations, as they pop up opportunities that may surface in malls that we feel we need to be in, whereas we have been putting the priority on concept stores in the last few years, but the outlet stores are very profitable, as you know, and they provide a great opportunity for access to the brand by consumers, especially now when we can create price points that enable us to be more flexible there. So creating product for those stores that really fills the UGG expectation by customers is a good opportunity.
Angel R. Martinez: I think over the last few years, we've seen our classic business remain pretty much flat to the total, and the growth has been coming from a lot of the new styles, including the casual style that we've done over the last couple of years, and transitional products sort of falls into that domain. It opens up the business to more seasons for the retailer. At first, in the -- I'd say, about 4 years ago, when we really first started developing this product, there was a big question mark as to whether we could sell a product beyond classic slippers and classic boots. The consumers answered that question. They've really said they love the brand. The brand can come at them from everything from sandals to driving mocs, as I mentioned earlier, and so there's -- we're not seeing a retailer -- it's not an either or, it's an and conversation. We're taking market share from people that we have not in the past competed with because of this development of our casual product. UGG classic is UGG classic, that is a business almost in and of itself. It's as we've said, heavily fourth quarter, it's a big gift item. The casual product is bought for a very different purpose, although people still expect it to perform like UGG.
Angel R. Martinez: I'd say generally speaking, yes, because it is, by nature, it's not boots. Boots are more expensive. It's the nature of the product, ballerinas, driving mocs and those kind of things are lower price point products.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all, for participating on the call. 2012 was a very difficult year, a very tough storm that we weathered as a company. But as the old saying goes, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. And we are definitely stronger as a company. We're stronger as all of our brands. A lot more focused. And I think it bodes well for the future. I'm incredibly proud of our team around the world in the way we've managed through all of the challenges. And I'm very -- all of us are very excited about the future and the kinds of things that we now get to do with all of our brands. So thank you, all, very much.
