Linda Pazin: Welcome, everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated financial performance including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share and effective tax rate, as well as to the company's brand strategies, store expansion and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demands for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because its business -- the company's business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual results may differ materially from the results expected at the current time. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. With that, I will now turn it over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Linda Pazin: Yes. And then, Erinn, I'll just comment in the casual boot category. Given the improved styling and sharper price points, we do have a significant portion of our fall pre-book completed, and we have seen an increase in that category this year, which really speaks to the improved price point, as well as the styling.
Linda Pazin: Right now, we're -- we haven't finalized the exact date, but we're looking towards the end of September, and we'll be sending out like a save-the-date to all the analysts and investors probably within the next short period of time once it gets finalized with our management team and travel schedules and so forth. But we're targeting for late for September at this moment.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, we're very pleased with the strategic progress that we're making and our 2013 performance is a testament to our brands, the testament to our people, and our strategy. Looking ahead, we believe there are meaningful opportunities for each of our brands, and we're committed to investing in growth and executing a concerted Omni-Channel strategy that puts the consumer at the center of everything we do. These investments are critical for us in order to solidify our competitive position and maximize the opportunities that are in front of us. We're in the process of completing our latest 5-year plan, and we look forward to share those details with you later this year. But I will say today, as I base it on our current position on the growth prospects we've identified, we see no reason we cannot expand our top line by at least low double-digits annually over the next several years. We have talked previously about a 15% operating margin goal. That continues to the target, and we anticipate achieving this primarily through gross margin expansion that will come from lower input costs and increased penetration of our Direct-to-Consumer channel. We're doing everything we can to operate smarter and better, and also to better target and measure our strategic and operational spending. Once we hit a 15% operating margin, we'll assess where the business is at that point and reset a longer term goal. I want to thank everyone that was involved in making 2013 a successful year for the company. Beginning with our great group of employees, your enthusiasm, culture of collaboration and commitment to execution is the backbone of this organization. Personally, I'm more energized and excited about the future of Deckers than ever before, and I know our team share in my optimism. We look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, weather -- the changeability of weather, it seems to now be a constant. So I think the important thing is the diversification of the product line, the innovation around all the assortments, and really important is the merchandising on a regional basis so that we can offer as much assortment as possible and be ready for weather in whatever direction it happens to go. For a long time, we've been talking, Omar, about the brand really being about luxury and comfort, and that's proving to be true. We've never been a cold-weather brand. But we don't need really cold weather, we need cool weather. And so it just seems that we've learned so much about how to build around that idea and offer up the products that balance out the vagaries of weather for us.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, what really drives the ability to generate leverage in 2015 is, you get to look at 2014 and we did outline some of these items related to investments we're making on, some of which were one-time. I think, if you were to adjust for the one-time costs, we highlighted about $5 million of the $10 million. And you get operating margin expansion, for sure, relative to the prior year, and you get closer to, even in 2014, getting leverage on the expenses. I think one more thing to add, of the $10 million, $5 million are one-time, but the other $5 million are really changes in investments being made in advance of the future profitability curve, so, i.e. investing and putting -- and making some changes in the organization to put a new President, Brands in place. That person really won't be able to influence 2014's revenues, but they'll certainly have a good impact on 2015 and beyond. So that helps us get confidence as well that we'll get leverage in 2015. And one more point is, we're getting -- we're -- the infrastructure to scale the much larger Direct-to-Consumer operation, we're seeing that we've got most of those investments in place now. And therefore, there is opportunity, big time in 2015, to be able to get some leverage on our Direct-to-Consumer business.
Angel R. Martinez: A couple of things there. The first quarter is a slower quarter relative to the fourth. Another thing that last year's first quarter that people remember that there was some weather issues last year, but the winter did come, and did come late, and we did have a pretty robust January last year. So we think it's just appropriate to be a little bit more cautious on the first quarter. And back to the W word, with the longer winter, the visibility we have for reorders around our sandal business is we're a little bit more cautious around that as well.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we've had great reception and the pre-book has been very solid for the specialty Classics, which are not part of core Classics, and the fashion product. As I mentioned on the call, it's about -- only now about 1/3, little less than 1/3 of our business is for Classic. So we continue to make significant progress on that front, and that's reflected in what you're seeing in the pre-book going forward.
Angel R. Martinez: Well the cattle prices, they'll move in the same direction as the sheepskin prices. I know we have said that prices go up too. But as you know our '14 prices are all locked in. Dollar cost is up[ph]for the remainder of the year and we haven't had a significant impact we've managed through efficient purchasing and consolidating resources to meet in our prices of the same level as last year in cattle.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we're getting a great feedback from all the accounts that we felt it was appropriate for. As I mentioned it's a tween line. So the idea of the I Heart UGG, A is to give us a little more -- a little faster fashion, different profiles, using different midsoles, different colors, different materials. It's much younger, it looks very different than anything UGG has done in the past. And it's for those customers who have a tween consumer. What we found -- and by the way it is premium priced product, so it really goes up against competition that was either doing knockoff product or of our UGG brand, or coming at us with color ways and various treatments that we didn't feel were appropriate to UGG, they were maybe a little too young. We now have a competitive -- a very strong competitive weapon in that regard. We're happy with the tests so far in terms of the prebook. It's early August it's a fall '14 product line. We don't know what the pull through is going to be. But we're quite optimistic about it. We're feeling pretty good about the results so far.
Angel R. Martinez: Two months more to go. I mean, there is still -- our sales organization globally is out there selling. And as I've mentioned this is a wholesale environment, that's where pre-book happens. So and I'll put it this way, we're significantly ahead of the pace we're on last year in terms of prebook at the shows and I think many of you have been to our shows. The UGG booths have been busy and every appointment was booked all day at the show. So we've been quite busy rolling it all in and we're very happy with the outcome so far.
Angel R. Martinez: I think it's important that while they're comfortable rolling over into another year is core classic and some classic derivative product. What we're not comfortable rolling over another year is very specialized, very cold weather product, for example. So we were able to liquidate a lot of that product with the snowy conditions that we had carried over from 2012. All our products are gone. So I think we actually ended up just about the right place. And we were able to fill -- to do some filling business in the first part of the year, obviously, as the weather has continued to be very cold. So that's been helpful. But the mix is -- we're very happy with the mix we ended up with.
Angel R. Martinez: The product I was referring to is specifically cold weather product that when we don't have all of the cold snowy weather, you don't have the need for waterproof boots and traction and all that stuff, so we did have -- and by the way, that product did not change from year-to-year. So that product's all gone now. And we expect to continue to see gross margin improvement as we implement more out-gear in this product line. So that's just an ongoing initiative that we've got over the next few years.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, if you think back to where we were 2 years ago, we were primarily distributor-driven. We were -- our E-Commerce platform had not really launched, and we were, from a product mix point of view, very heavily dependent on core Classic. We were very -- selling very few slippers. Our men's business had not evolved or developed, and we had a long way to go there. Plus, we had distribution issues that we felt we had to manage through. We were in places that we didn't feel were appropriate for the UGG brand. So the last 2 years have been about consolidating the E-Commerce business, component business, expanding the retail footprint, closing some distribution that we felt was inappropriate for the brand, developing the product line with the assortments necessary to appeal to European consumer. So I'd say that we're in the second inning, if you will, of what this game in Europe looks like. We have large countries that are only now becoming a more significant part of the mix. France, we're just scratching the surface in France. We're primarily in Paris, still have opportunity for our own stores, as well as E-Commerce. Germany is a distributor business that, as all distributor businesses go, there is -- we don't have stores in Germany, for example, there's opportunity for us to have our own stores in Germany. There are wholesale parts of Europe where we have no presentation at all, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Turkey. I was in Turkey not long ago. There's such amazing amount of UGG on the street, but we don't have any distribution in Turkey. So people are buying it in other parts of -- primarily the U.K. So I think we've got quite a long way to go in Europe.
Angel R. Martinez: You like to rub it in. Actually, Tom Brady is Tom Brady. I mean, he's independent of other Patriots do. He's an aspirational character. He's a wonderful spokesperson for the brand, does represent what the brand stands for. So we'll stick with Tom Brady independent of what the Patriots do. I'll just say that. The men's business has been very successful for us. We really like the direction it's going. Every year, we get more real estate. Every year, we're getting a more refined product assortment. We know where we see up, where we have opportunity in men's. Our men's slipper business has really come alive and now evolved past its original core, which is, let's say, the ascot type of product to slippers that are now more like mocs. They're worn outside. There worn year round. They're a little thinner. And that business is really very exciting. Our men's boots business, meaning casual boots, for fall '14 is, I think, one of the highlights of our product line. So we're very happy with the men's business and the direction it's been going. Performance of the men's business in E-Com and in our own stores is quite good.
Angel R. Martinez: And one thing I'll add to it. You have to understand, something important to understand about men's. Men's is a slower build, but it's a longer run, meaning that, I've said this for many years, all guys seem to have the 5 same footwear patterns in their closet. Guys buy -- all guys buy the same 5 shoes over and over again. Not true of the women's business, thankfully. Women buy fashion. They buy color. They buy merchandise that matches the trends in fashion. Men, on the other hand, don't. And so men, once they find product they like, they tend to stay with it, and they stay with it for a long time. So it's a slower build. But once you get there with men, you have customers for a very long term.
Angel R. Martinez: We've got that capability. I think, as you will see, it's going to be significant. I think it's probably best to wait until 2014 unfolds before we really give that level of detail. I think you and the market should feel comfortable with the level of learnings that we've generated over 2013 and 2014 and our anticipation of getting more and more leverage on these people investments we've made to be able to drive the business.
Angel R. Martinez: Sam, we've never broken down in that kind of detail our backlog or rather our prebook process. I will say this, we are ahead, and we're comfortable with where we are. We're very comfortable with where we are. So -- and that's as much detail as I'm prepared to give right now.
Angel R. Martinez: And my comments were not 2014 specifically. My comments were directionally where we're going with our strategic plan. We're going to be giving a lot more color on this as the year progress, as we learn more about what's happening in '14. We certainly have an Investor Day later in the year. But our goal is to continue to invest in those areas where we're getting a great return. And as you can see from our results, that's exactly what we've been doing. So at what point would you say that we stopped investing and forgetting tremendous returns on our -- on that investment, we need to complete where we've started so that we can actually fully leverage and actually grow -- continue to grow the top line, which we think these things -- these investments do. But we'll reap the rewards in later years. There's no question in my mind about that.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We don't have enough of those new stores in the pipeline yet or in our portfolio to really speak to the improvements. What I will say is we're looking at the total picture, what the top line, sales per square foot are, aligned with the financial models, the lease deal, and measuring that against the SG&A expense. So it's too early to tell exactly, but I think we're more focused, to be honest with you, on the operating margin of those stores' return on sales than sales per square foot as a better measure of how those stores perform.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think you're referring to the loungewear because that's really the focus area in terms of apparel that we have. The loungewear will continue to evolve. We have -- as you know, we began with the Nordstrom test. It's now rolling out to multiple retailers, as well as our own stores, a variety of color and pattern now, different weights in the fabrications. Men's, women's, there's loungewear in the form of separates and tops and bottoms. They have merchandises along with the slippers, which is very exciting to see. The home products, that's something that we began to test of this just recently, actually, this past quarter, performed very well in our -- in the limited environment in which it was in. Part of what we're figuring out with home is the merchandise, how to display it. We think there's a great opportunity as we evolve the Omni-Channel strategy with home products being available for touching and feeling at the retail brick-and-mortar location and then ordered to be delivered in 24 hours. These pillows we may take up a lot of room. Many retailers don't have that kind of space in the back room, but they still want to carry the product. So we're in the process of sorting all of that out, and that's just a big part of the opportunity that we see with our home products.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as I said earlier, I think it's really very much about product innovation. I think our better merchandising, the better assortments that we've managed to create for consumers in every region of the world has significantly helped our presentation at retail. Giving the consumers that many more options obviously improved sell-through. And the sell-through improvement is what's helped to drive backlog. So it really all starts with innovative new fresh products. I don't think there's many retailers out there who are betting on weather as a determinant as to whether or not they buy x or x plus -- x plus 10. But when they have exciting product that they feel they merchandise and get customers excited about, independent of weather, that's the optimum situation. That's why it always does have to start with great product, and everything else just flow from the great product. In the end, the best merchants are the ones who have the best businesses, and they're proactive in putting environment -- a retail environment out to their customers that their customers get excited about, and that's what we've been focusing on. That's really the nature of the business that we're in. Plus, I think it speaks to the power of the UGG brand. I think these retailers are realizing they can count on the UGG in Q4 to be one of their top brands going forward, and they're continuing to invest in that.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all for joining us on this call. And again, I'd just like to reiterate my congratulations to our employees and to our team globally. I think we stepped up to the challenge and certainly delivered excellent results in 2013. Our strategy remains to build powerful brands for the long term, to invest in those brands as the market conditions require us to do and to not think that any of these solutions are simple and near term in nature. These things require patience. They require aggressive commitment. And as I said earlier, we're doing everything we can to operate smarter and better and, certainly, to improve our results across-the-board, including reducing SG&A expense, improving operating margins. That's all top of mind for this entire management team, and we'll continue to work very aggressively to deliver those results. Thank you, all, very much. Appreciate it.
Omar Saad: A couple of questions. Number one, I hate to use the W word, but I thought it was interesting that, given how cold it was in North America this holiday in winter and -- but it was relatively seasonably warm in Europe. But you saw great trends in both. What are you learning about weather and how important it is to the business, or how it affects your business? And then I have one follow-up.
Omar Saad: And then could -- you talked about -- obviously SG&A, at least according to your guidance, is going to be up a little bit this year. It's great to see investing in the brand. It sounds like '15 could be a year where you start to leverage SG&A. What are the key differences between what you're spending on this year, and then how that changes in 2015 and maybe going forward? Just your thoughts process around that in investing in the brand.
Omar Saad: So one more quick one. 19% top line in 4Q, and you're guiding to 6% in 1Q. What's the big change in trend there? Is there not enough inventory, or there is something you're seeing in the marketplace? And that's my last one, I promise.
David Powers: Yes, I think, Erinn, it's a great example Japan is a great example of the power of the Direct-to-Consumer model leading market elevation in that country. The impact of the stores have had a marketing efforts and localized merchandising have had, not just on the retail business but the total market have been pretty significant. And we to the point now we have people coming to us looking for us to invest in different holes locations, in different retail locations and we're going to continue to invest in that market, as well as E-Commerce there for the long term. And we're taking a lot of those learnings actually from Japan and going forward we're going to apply those the other markets such as China. We're getting infrastructure and the team in place this year to really go after that business in a more aggressive way at the end of '14 and into '15. And then we have a little bit of work to do to catch up in Europe to be honest. The E-Com retail business there has some things you still need to work up but we're going to a apply the same methodology of using our stores in our sites to elevate the brand extend categories and then lead wholesale in that manner.
David Powers: Yes, I think it's a great question. It's one that I think every retailer right now is grappling with, Eric. And I think that I feel like we've been physically responsible and somewhat cautious and we have a really solid pipeline and where we wanted to put the stores over the next couple of years. And we've had that through a pretty serious process here. As we're continuing to learn about the migration of the consumer from stores to online, we're taking that into consideration. We're being very strategic on a few things. One is where we put stores based off the demographics. The opportunity in the market in our wholesale partners. We’re looking at the size of the store, as Angel said, to see if can maximize productivity in the small footprint. We actually learned a lot from the launch of our infinite UGG program in Q4, where we serviced quite a few consumers in-store where we shipped it out of our E-Commerce site with great returns on that. And so I think we're looking at holistically -- I think we're a little bit different than some of the other retailers such as in electronics stores, where you have to come in and touch and feel and try on the products. So there's going to be a role for our stores in the marketplace. But what we're going to do is figure out what the right model is, what the right experience is, how we leveraged technology and how do we can service the consumer across stores and online. The other point I would make is that we are going to launch that partner retail program this year. That will help us test new waters in new markets. And the other thing is that the migration from the consumer to the stores to online is being led by North America and it's happening a little bit more in Europe, but in places like China, that hasn't really happened yet. So there's still opportunity for store growth in some of these emerging markets.
David Powers: Yes. I was going to say I think one of the really encouraging signs at the men's business is in our Asia Pacific market in Japan and China. It's one of our highest penetrations to the total business coming from men's. And so that's -- and again, once we get more locally relevant in merchandising and styling, that's going to increase -- so we're spending a lot of energy on men's right now. We do think, within our stores that we have today, the significant opportunity to continue to drive top line in specific men's category growth.
David Powers: Yes. We've had to invest in infrastructure, Randy, and talent globally. You think about getting up -- a business up and running in a place like China, building expertise from a global perspective. That takes time. We -- I think we've turned the corner in '14 around getting the talent and people in place. The other piece of this is we grew our store count by almost 50% this year. So as we get into a larger store base, the new openings aren't going to have such a dramatic impact in the overall SG&A growth and fewer stores going forward as we [indiscernible].
David Powers: And at the same time, we're continuing to lower CapEx investments. We're lowering SG&A investments per store. We've done that significantly this year. We're going to continue to do that throughout '14 and beyond.
David Powers: Yes. And we haven't spoken to sell-through in the stores, and we've spoken to total top line and comp over the prior previous years, so I think it's tough to lay apples-to-apples comparison on those 2 things.
David Powers: Great. I would add to that. This is David. I think the real win here is the combination of loungewear and slippers and home together as a full lifestyle expression, and I think we're learning what the best way to showcase that in our stores is. And this fall, we're going to have a digital catalog that we can use in store along with samples for people to see the product in its best expression, but then fulfill it online as well.
David Powers: Sure. I think we've talked about that a little bit already, Christian, but I think the real strength that we saw this year was coming out of our Japan market. And as I've said, we'd really be invested -- been investing in a holistic strategy to elevate that business. So that, as well as China, were the real leaders from a comp store perspective, followed by, like we said, in U.S. and EMEA in single-digit growth from a comp store perspective. But we're really encouraged by the evolution of the brand in that market, particularly Japan, and see great upside continuing for the Asia Pacific market where the brand is less mature, and there's a lot more whitespace for opportunity.
David Powers: Yes. I don't have specific numbers. I can tell you we're looking for a meaningful reduction in the average cost per square foot. However, the driving factor there is we see an opportunity for secondary city and secondary B locations in the real estate now that we have a flagship that's to open around the world. And in order to do that, you need new economics for the store. You can't spend the main same amount per square foot as in a B location in the malls you would on a street location. And we've got to figure that out. So we're in the process of developing new fixture package and a build-out cost that is lower. We're looking at store staffing models. We're looking at inventory management with back-of-house and also leveraging online and using more of a digital showcase in the store, so we can potentially showcase less SKUs on the floor, but still service the full breadth of the opportunity for the customer.
Thomas A. George: Yes, it was up about 10% in the fourth quarter, so we're really pleased with how that finished. For 2014, this really stays where we're at the pre-book process and coming on the heels of a really strong year. We're planning more of a mid single-digit kind of growth number for the year.
Thomas A. George: Well, to your point on the DTC, it is growing at a faster rate and therefore it's become a bigger percentage of our overall business. And I think another thing to point out is that backlog includes spring orders as well. There is some increase in spring orders as well, and there's also some increase in the other brands for spring as well. So -- again, I think another thing to keep in mind is that backlog is still early in the scheme of things. The fall pre-booking process really doesn't include -- conclude in mid-April. So a lot more business to come in from a pre-booking point of view.
Thomas A. George: Maybe just -- before I answer that, just to help put that year-end backlog of $400 million in perspective. That $400 million is relative to the total year guidance of $1.7 billion, I think let's get understand that. So percentage changes in the year-end backlog although somewhat indicative and directional aren't necessarily reflective of what your final pre-book will be for your fall wholesale business. And then come back to the question, I think we've commented on earlier we've been pretty, pretty pleased with how the fall 2014 business is booked today, but more to go.
Thomas A. George: No, not really. There were a few small pockets of certain product, certain slippers, and maybe a couple of other items. But not that much.
Thomas A. George: Similar, I think. Just keep in mind that as we continue to evolve a more Direct-to-Consumer business, there will be more and more emphasis on fourth quarter versus third quarter, so...
Thomas A. George: Keep in mind, in this year's fourth quarter, we've got a lot of benefit from the reduction in sheepskin costs. We're getting some more reduction next year, but not to the same order of magnitude as we did the fourth quarter this year. But we clearly do with the expansion of DTC and some reduction in sheepskin cost, expect the fourth quarter -- expect some expansion in the fourth quarter gross margin, as well as the third quarter.
Thomas A. George: No. We won't get that with 2014. As you know, this year, we are going to use about 25% of our total sheepskin as UGG Pure. The maximum we can do is 40%. We're ahead of our plan, as we said before, but I don't think we're going to use UGG Pure full 100% instead of table-grade next year.
Thomas A. George: I think if you look at it from the store openings, it's probably close to 40% of the total absolute dollars the SG&A is increasing. And that's a function of the SG&A -- a full year's SG&A related to stores we opened in 2013, plus SG&A for the new stores. And I think another thing this year with terms of additional SG&A expense is the $17 million of additional marketing that we've talked about. So -- and in some of that, the one-offs we talked about, so that...
Thomas A. George: Yes. So as we discussed earlier, Randy, we feel really good and strong it's going to be 2015, and we talked about all the drivers that -- yes, that's comfortable, the 2015 SG&A, not only operating margin expansion, but SG&A as a percentage of sales goes down in 2015. Dave, maybe I can[indiscernible].
Thomas A. George: I think, as we've talked about earlier, Randy, is that we've been in a step -- in addition to store profitability, we've been establishing the infrastructure to be able to scale a much larger base. And consistent with earlier discussions on the call, we believe strongly, 2015 is the year that those additional infrastructure, the scale kind of investments start tailing off, and we can start getting leverage on that as well.
Thomas A. George: Another key point is more -- although we see how important it is and we're going public, we're getting leverage on SG&A expenses in 2015. But we also continue to be sensitive to returns on capital, and the stores have and the stores going forward will pay back in 1 year, and those are great returns on capital relative to our cost of capital.
Thomas A. George: We did comment -- we historically just report backlog every year, number one. But number two, we -- I think you can sense from the comments on the call, and you've seen the activity at the shows, that we feel -- in some of the new initiatives we have with some of the newer products, we feel good how we're progressing with the fall prebook.
Thomas A. George: When we were at ICR, we were clear that we talked about SG&A leverage in terms of more of a longer-term goal, and we were clear. We weren't giving 2014 guidance, and we also spoke about additional marketing and additional infrastructure expenses. And so I don't know how you had --
Thomas A. George: That's right. We ended up having virtually no cancellations, and we had a fair amount of reorders in the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Because of the fourth quarter, domestic wholesale business was at a higher growth rate than the comp. I think that gets back to inventory levels that may have been in the wholesale channel, and there's a lot of other factors that go into that versus our own domestic business.
Thomas A. George: One other thing that will probably be good for me to point out relatively to even an earlier question, I think when you look at sell-through in the fourth quarter of our wholesale channel versus our own Direct-to-Consumer channel, our Direct-to-Consumer channel on a combined basis in the U.S. was up 14%. Our UGG wholesale business in the fourth quarter was up 9%. That not only -- that is a wholesale number, but it's also whatever those wholesale customers did on their own websites as well. So we actually outperformed our wholesale business on a total DTC basis.
