Steve Fasching: Sure. Dana, this is Steve. I'll take a first stab and then Dave can jump in. I think in terms of cadence, how we're looking at is, as we've said in the script, we're going to be buying more inventory this year because, while we don't know exact timing and we're focused on the year. We do want to make sure that we have goods in place to sell. So, as we see it, our ending position at Q2 we had about the same amount of inventory in the way warehouse a year ago, even though we had that in 30% increase. So, we're going to continue to process that inventory. There is a bit of a domino effect that the delays are going to impact other inbound inventory. So, we're very focused on processing what we can through the port congestion. We will supplement it with air freight were appropriate, especially around product launches. And so, we're going to continue to do that. I think the strategy of buying more inventory early on at the beginning of this year was the right strategy. And so, the inventory's not the issue. Demand is not the issue. It's just our ability to process inventory work through, port congestion, and as we said trucks and chassis, as well as working with our wholesale customers to get them to pick it up because they're experiencing similar challenges with arranging trucks and drivers. So overall would've liked to have done more, but we're dealing with what we have and I think we've good a good strategy to approach it.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So, we didn't do a lot of price increases, generally speaking for this current fall. HOKA has taken prices up surgically, I would say with their big styles starting in spring introductions and that's embedded in the guidance. And then for fall 2022, we will be taking prices up for the UGG brand. And I'm confident that based on the strength of the brand and the consumer sentiment in the market, we have the ability to do that. And fortunately, a lot of the inventory that we have coming in the pipeline is on a lower cost basis than it will be next year. So that works to our advantage, but we will be taking price increases going into FY23, starting in the fall with UGG.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think Jon, yes, in terms of the guidance, how we're looking at UGG, we shaved a little off the top end and I think that has to do, as we said around the disruption that we're seeing and the port congestion, so inability to get some product on time, we think is going to put some pressure on our ability to sell to that high end. That's going to be, I think equally felt as we look at it now. The dynamics that we don't know yet is really how the selling season plays out. So, assuming things improve from where we were at the end of Q2, and we were able to get more product to process through our warehouse we'll be able to process those wholesale orders. Again, then depending on what happens there we'll determine how we handle DTC business. So, we could see an increase in our DTC business with improvement and product, but that'll be dependent to on how much honestly, we ship really in the next kind of month and a half. So hard to say kind of how the channels work out, but we're going to be prepared that if there is some disruption to shipping in our wholesale customers, we'll pick that up through our DTC channels. So, we're remaining pretty flexible on that, hard to say exactly how that plays out. Just a little bit of caution because of the disruption that we've seen, again the domino effective of when that's going to, and how that's going to play out, but we will be you prepared to pick up any of those wholesale sales that may get missed with our own DTC business.
Steve Fasching: Yes, sure Jon. So, before we got into just under, I think, 53, we're now about 51.5, that difference is really increased ocean freight as well as more air freight. And so, if you look at the first half of the year, the first half of the year, a lot of that inventory was transported before we're seeing the increases around ocean freight. So, we're anticipating a much bigger hit in the second half related to ocean freight increases. So, the inventory that's in transit and flowing in now is coming in at a higher freight cost, then also supplementing it with more air freight that we expect to experience in the second half. So, the price increases that we're implementing with HOKA will help offset, but it's still relatively small in the big scheme of things.
Steve Fasching: So yes, it's able to help mitigate it to a very small extent and that less than 150 basis point margin hit on the year that we're now projecting is really ocean freight increases largely that we expect to experience in the second half, as well as some supplemental air freight that we did do and will do more of in the second half.
Steve Fasching: That's the goal is to get it back. And so, the price increases discussions that we're having in the brand are pretty broad based, including some kind of core classics in the mix still early days, but that's how we're thinking about it, get back to normalized levels.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think again, we're looking at the whole year, haven't given guidance, but if you look at what we were expecting in terms of inbound inventory that remained in transit yes, you're right in terms of how much you could probably extrapolate of what we thought we could have turned on that inbound inventory. That got really hung up in transit during the quarter.
Steve Fasching: Correct. So, when we say in transit, it means it has not arrived at our warehouse. So, it's in the process. So, either on containers or in the ports or on their way to the warehouse. [Indiscernible].
Steve Fasching: No, I would say, back to my earlier comment about a domino effect, we won't be able to make all that up. So, there is a bit of a trickle down. So, I wouldn't add that myth back into Q3 because we're experiencing a domino effect. And as we're seeing, right, there's a continued backlog at the ports.
Steve Fasching: Sure, I'll start and then I'll let Dave go. I think again, from a demand perspective, there's more to demand out there then we can ship to. And, the build-in inventory that you're seeing and our ability to get product to wholesale customers. As a part of that port congestion and delay, we have had conversations with our customers and said kind of here our new expected dates, do you still want product or not? In most cases, absolutely. And they recognize how important both UGG and HOKA are to their businesses. And so, people aren't walking away from orders because they recognize their need to have that product on their shelf. So, we're working through that with them. If they feel it's too late known we'll take some cancellations and then that's our opportunity to fulfill those sales through DTC. And we'll take that at a higher margin. So that's how our approach is.
Steve Fasching: Just to add on that, Jim, it’s a good question. I think a couple things I’ll add. One, as Dave kind of said is, as everybody knows with all the supply chain constraints going on this year that the holiday selling seasons probably extended on both ends, right. People are being told, buy more early. We’re encouraging people to buy more early as well. They’ll continue to buy up to the holiday season. And for those areas, where people didn’t get what they want, we expect that there will be demand in January. So that’s the way we’re looking at that today’s point. We’re happy to fulfill that through DTC, if our wholesale customers want to do that too, we’re happy to provide inventory. You can tell by our inventory number, we’ve got it coming in. We’re going to be able to deal with it. So, I think that’s our approach. The other component, I think that’s important on the inventory is that we’re looking at carryover style. So, as we knew, we were going to buy more inventory this year. We were careful with the inventory that we selected, that we were buying more up. So that if we did have to carry some over, it would be limited in terms of seasonal styles or specific non-carryover styles that we wanted to limit. So again, we’ve been careful, I think, again, the right approach in terms of bringing more on to navigate some of the disruption that we’re seeing, but that’s kind of how we’re seeing it play out and then we’ll see what happens.
Steve Fasching: And I think, Jim, also on that, we are buying more, we’re more confident with HOKA, we’re buying more inventory. That is one area that we are willing to spend more on air freight to expedite that in. So that is absolutely a trend if we see in Q4, we are going to be prepared to try to capitalize on.
Steve Fasching: And then Janine, this is Steve. On the sheepskin, we are not seeing a material increase cost in sheepskin. And I think just one important note to also make is that, as Deckers becomes bigger and bigger and the UGG product is much more diversified and HOKA becomes a bigger product are dependence on sheepskin is a lot less than where it was historically. So, we’re moving away with the proportion of sheepskin, makeup of our COGS. But at this point, as we look out at next year, we are not seeing a material increase in our sheepskin costs.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And what sort of the team is don’t think of this as a short-term headwind, meaning the increased cost in the supply chain. This is here to stay. I think it’s going to be with us for, at least a year or two. It may never go back to normal levels due to wage increases, material increases, shipping cost. So, we are planning our business as though those new levels are going to remain. The good news is, if things improve next year, then we have opportunity. And we’re taking price increases to give us the margins that we need going forward, despite the cost increase. So that’s how we’re thinking about it. Again, we’re staying aggressive and if things start to ease up a bit on pricing, we’ll be in better shape. And that’s a combination of price increases that we’re taking and also having some carryover inventory at a lower margin. And then we’ll be spending less than air freight and other cost. And we can reinvest back into the business. It’s not all going fall to the bottom line. We’re focused on the long-term and investing in our key strategic growth priorities. And so that’s really priority number one, is talent, capabilities and awareness for our brands. And then we’ll manage through that.
Dave Powers: Yes. I would echo that, and I think as Steve said, we were proactive in getting ahead of this with increasing our production at the end of last year, going into the beginning of this year. Making sure we had plenty of goods to sell, knowing that prices are going to go up and that the supply chain challenges could persist. That's proven to be true. The good news is the inventories on its way. We have a large number on the water in transit. And we feel confident that we'll have the inventory particularly as it relates to UGG in Q3 in the marketplace, going into peak season, whether that's at wholesaler or DTC, we'll be prepared for the busy season of UGG. And then the other, the next piece of that is just preparing for Q4 for UGG, but also really HOKA when this starts ripping up. So, if the day-by-day navigation of when it's going to be here? How it's going to get here, but we have incredible relationships with our factory partners. We have incredible relationships with our wholesale partners and we're all in this together to get to the inventory out to the consumer's passes and best positioned as we can.
Dave Powers: Yes. I’ll let Steve answer that. The challenges with UGG really, it's not a demand challenge at all. We still have very strong demand from our consumer and our wholesaler accounts are telling us that they generally speaking still wanted the product. So, it's more about the ability for us to product out of the distribution network due to the bottlenecks in Q2, but the demand is very strong. So, it's just a matter of getting caught up. With Steve you detailed...
Dave Powers: Yes. We saw that last year when there was scarcity in the marketplace for wholesale, we saw consumers going direct to our DTC channels, mostly our website at the time, hence the challenge on the comp this year in that channel. But I think as I said, going into November, December, we have the inventory and we'll be ready depending on how the consumer wants to shop.
Dave Powers: Yes. And we've taken a conservative approach on it. So, it could improve, but right now, from where we stand today, calling the ball, this is what we think is prudent.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I think Jon on that early to tell, right, and it's going to be dependent on when we begin to see normalized freight around containers. So, what we're experiencing this year, hopefully we aren't going to necessarily see on an ongoing basis. So, the sooner we can get back to a more normalized level that will be tailwind on the margin front. And then on the air freight, additionally, with the extra inventory that we're are bringing in this year should provide a tailwind for us. But I want to be a little careful about getting too far ahead of ourselves on how much margin takeback we get next year.
Dave Powers: Yes. And the signals from wholesale continued to be healthy. Hence that's why they're saying we want the product as soon as we can get it. We'll work with you. And we're getting creative on how we get product to these accounts. But the sell-throughs are healthy across the board for both brands. And as Steve said, there's more demand that we can fulfill at the moment. But we're confident that they're going to converge coming into the busy season. So, we'll have inventory depending on what the channel is, where the consumer wants to shop.
Dave Powers: It’s some classics, that it big part of it is product that we can carry over if necessary. So, it’s not liability product generally speaking. And then some obviously the big seasonal sell is like the fluff and the clear – Tasman, those styles, that’s where the meat of the inventory is and heading into spring, some new fluff introductions evolving into outdoor sandals. And then in HOKA, it’s again driven by Clifton and Bondi, Rincon, top five styles that are doing the business, a lot of the initial drops are kind of one and done until they get a new delivery coming in. So again, it’s product that we know the consumers are going to want when they can get it. And then if we need to carry a little bit over, it sets us up with a bit of a margin tailwind going into next year, because it’s at a lower cost basis and its product that we know we can sell later on in heading into FY2023 if necessary.
Dave Powers: I think the bottom line there Camilo, we want the inventory in the country. You wouldn’t want it on a transit or in a factory. And so that’s been our stance and staying aggressive on getting it here.
Dave Powers: Yes. So, I’ve been, that’s right, follow exactly what you’re trying to get at Sam, let me try to answer and you can follow-up.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think we’ll not give that. What I think your question is the in transit that we had at end of September being processed and the answer is, yes, we are processing some of that. Do we still have a higher proportion of in transit today than we did a year ago? Yes. There is some improvement, so clearly with the seasonality of UGG, this is the time we’re bringing in a lot of inventory, right. And that’s what got caught up in some of this port congestion. It’s going to take a little bit of time to clear that, and we’re not seeing the improvements to move through that inventory at the port. That’s why you’re still hearing about ships lined up outside the port of Los Angeles and Long Beach. So, we are – where we’re at in our business cycle and the seasonality of the UGG business, there is improvement, but we still have ways to go with in transit 45% compared to 20%. There’s a lot of inventory to work through and because we’re not unique in this, everybody else is I think battling a similar issue. So, we’ll be able to share more later. But hopefully, we’re going to start to see some improvements. We are seeing some just due to where we’re at in line. But there are still some pretty significant congestions in the port.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think the way you’re asking it somewhat to how Camilo asked his question was given how much inventory we had in transit. Had we been able to process that in Q2, would that have driven our UGG number north to a number you’re talking about? Yes, we would’ve. But we’ll see what normal cadence is. Some of that’s being us driving that wholesale replenishment in Q2. So that was a bigger number that we’re working toward and continuing to work toward. But yes, to answer your question, could we have done more, had we had more inventory? Yes.
Dave Powers: Yes. I mean, I think, yes, again, a potential, we’re not giving guidance on the quarter. And we’re still working through congestion at the port, but yes.
Dave Powers: We could do that. We could have done that last quarter. Yes. It’s all dependent on ability to get inventory in and processed and out to our customers.
Dave Powers: And we’re doing everything we can. And like I said, based on the guidance for the year, we think we can deliver what we said last quarter. And the mix might change between UGG and HOKA little bit, but based off how the trends are continuing and the demand being strong we felt confident we can deliver the year.
Dave Powers: Well, I think we’re doing everything we can to prevent that scenario of happening. The good news is, we know from what we saw last year, when there was lack of inventory in the wholesale channel that people came running to our DTC channel. And I think that gives us a lot of confidence and we’re gearing up for that in November, December, should that be the case? For some reason, we can’t get all the inventory that we want out into the marketplace to the consumers and there’s carryover. We do think that January and February is still going to be strong months for UGG. And I think, in a lot of ways, Christmas is going to be late this year for people. So, I think there will be still an opportunity in Q4 to sell some of that product. But as I said, a lot of this is kind of core carryover product in the UGG brand that we can sell next year. And the benefit of that is that it’ll be a lower cost basis than any new inventory we start producing today for next year. So, it’s a missed litigation plan, where we said, hey, we want to get as much inventory as we can in the pipeline. The demand continues to be super strong. We’re going to do everything we can to make Q3 in the year with UGG. And if we don’t, we have carryover inventory, we’re willing to do that, so that we have inventory to go into next fall, and as I said, at a better cost basis.
Dave Powers: Well, I think, certainly Q4 for us, our Q4 ending in March is a big opportunity for HOKA. The order book is strong. Hence, you see our guidance maintaining. We have inventory on the way. We had minimal disruptions due to Vietnam production, but we’ve been dual sourcing that. So, the product is being made. It’s just a little bit behind. Our priority is to maintain strength in the marketplace and steal share. And if we have to spend a little money to do that and protect Q4 top line. We think that’s the right approach to do both short-term and long term.
Dave Powers: Yes. We’re going to continue to stay super aggressive on HOKA. It’s a competitive marketplace. We have newcomers coming in, including ourselves that are stealing share from some of the heritage running brands. It’s continuing to have incredible momentum for us. We do see this as a long term multi-billion-dollar play. And we’re not taking this quarter-to-quarter, but we don’t want to miss any opportunity to steal share and get in on the feet of consumers globally.
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question. So, yes, we are seeing good momentum in both Europe and in Asia with the fluff franchise being picked up this year more so than it was last year. So, the trend that started in U.S. is expanding globally. That’s good news for us. And we do think that that franchise is going to continue to be a key part of the brand going forward, including iterations that are in the pipeline to expand into a little bit more outdoor usage, but that is a new leg of the stool, so to speak for the UGG brand going forward. As far as Europe goes, it’s great that we are seeing that adoption. We’re also seeing younger consumers coming into the brand, which is fantastic. And we’ve been working on that for a long time. The unfortunate piece is that this year, the demand is going to be higher than the supply and that challenges the growth opportunity that we were hoping for in the transition and turn around in that marketplace. So, it might take a little bit of longer till we return to full-time consistent growth. We were hopeful that we could do it this year, but I think some of the bottlenecks are going to slow that down, but it’s definitely not because the demand is slow. It’s really driven by the port congestion.
Dave Powers: On the normalized basis, No. It doesn’t. I think this year, we’re getting hit with some headwinds that should not reoccur in future, although, we don’t know the duration of this yet. So, I think that’s going to be a dependent factor that we don’t yet know. I would say, removing all the noise of the current year, we’re not thinking about margins different. So, in terms of product margins, really no change, where we have opportunity is increased proportion of our DTC business. And then I think we’ll see how the current situation plays out. And then when freight rates begin to normalize and I think we’ll then be in a better to provide some outlook next year.
Sam Poser: Thank you, guys, for taking my questions. Some of the questions have sort of been answered. So first of all, before we get started, can you give us the wholesale revenue or the direct-to-consumer revenue by brand this way I ask it on the call, which I didn’t do last time, this was coming.
Sam Poser: Thank you. And then the – I just want to follow-up on the inventory and I concur with Camilo right now, which is shocking, but the question really is what does the inventory look like today, like if you took your inventory as that was $636 million now, how much of that is actually left the building and what does that number look like today? Both from a total and then in transit like if you just as of today.
Sam Poser: No, I mean, I’m just saying you have $636 million less, 45% of that’s on the water, but today, what is your total inventory and how much of that is in transit? So just exactly the same number, but as of today.
Sam Poser: I’m really talking about Q3. Am I thinking about $400 million to call it $420 million? Is that a range that is reasonable of sort of within where you’re thinking about your wholesale business for the full year is. Am I in the ballpark on that number? Are we – it’s a big number, it’s an important quarter? We can’t really guesstimate DTC, but you sort of know what’s where, and you sort of know what you’re thinking can get through.
Sam Poser: I understand. I – look, I’m just trying to get my arms around the whole thing. So, I mean, you definitely have plenty of ammunition. It’s just a matter of getting it through the process.
