Angel Martinez: Well, generally speaking from a category perspective we expect as we have been doing over the last two years. Managing the classic business as a percentage of total to a modest growth because we feel that we have the distribution we need for those kinds of products. We’ll continue to drive our growth in the new categories of fashion apparel. The men’s category is a growth opportunity. The kids’ category is a growth opportunity. We typically don’t breakout wholesale versus retail growth in this call or actually in any call. But that said we’re being aggressive when it comes to our retail strategy. As you can see we’re opening four more stores there are going to be more aggressive in our eCommerce business. We have historically taken really the tag that eCommerce was as much as service opportunity for our consumers as anything else. But now we’re behaving and strategizing more like an online seller and competing and marketing as effectively as anyone should in this particular area. We’re getting a lot smarter about it made some investments in that area. So, we expect that channel will continue to evolve very nicely, keep pace with the rest of our growth agenda across the other channels.
Angel Martinez: That is a larger mature business obviously so that 11% is on a global basis that includes retail as well so.
Angel Martinez: Sure. The majority of the product that’s carrying over is classic type product. Now that product as you know, we sell that year in and year out, that really doesn’t absolute and in the past we have successfully done. We are doing that at this year. As we have evolved to more fashion oriented product, obviously then a bigger part of the mix is going to be product that runs the fashion cycle and then gets closed out. That’s the normal way of doing business in fashion as you know, Jeff.
Angel Martinez: So, over the next few years you are going to expect to see more close outs from us, not necessarily in the classic front, but certainly on some of the more forward fashion items because they have a lifecycle and at the end of the lifecycle they have to be closed out. And that’s a planned thing. I mean that’s just the way business is done as you know.
Angel Martinez: Bob on that the biggest, biggest determining factor again 2013 is going to be where we land on sheepskin. What the sheepskin pricing will be for mostly fall 2013 and we did discuss some of that in that we feel we have come to a high water mark at this point in time that just the biggest determining factor at this point in time. To Angel's point on some of the classic product especially I think we pushed at the sales, the pricing to as far as we can at this point in time.
Angel Martinez: Let me take that one, sheepskin, it's a little bit different market that you have for cotton and so forth. First of all, you talk about sheepskin you talk about the quality of the sheepskin. For example, we don't source sheepskin from New Zealand because the skins over there, they are not a good fit for our products. We use the premium the highest quality of sheepskin. So the bulk of our sheepskin is coming from Australia. Sheepskin is a by-product of the mid-industry. You don't slaughter a sheep for just for the skin itself. So, the demand for sheepskin and the market for that is really being demand by the demand for red meat. It's also impacted by the weather, the drought. It also depends on wool prices. So what you have seen in the last few years that the supply of sheepskin, mainly in Australia, has been declining while the demand for sheepskin has increased throughout the world and that's why you've seen a compound increase of 80% from 2010 to 2012. What it has done and what we're hearing is, first of all, as Tom said it appears that we are at the top of the market. Earlier indications we are getting we're going to start to see some relief for next year. And hopefully some slight indication of price reduction. We won't know it until Q3. What it has done it pushed a lot of people out of the market while you saw a year ago and couple of years ago, people are coming and using sheepskin products, people are getting out of the market because of the cost of the product. The thing that we have done to counterbalance, and Tom talked about it. There is not a silver bullet that you can compensate for the 80% increase. It's looking through the whole supply chain and making it as efficient and as lean as possible and start all the way from the design of the items, how much product you are using, product innovation sourcing, where you are sourcing, how you are delivering. For example, this year, as Tom indicated this is the first time, we're coming back to the U.S., believe or not. And we are seeing some savings by doing that. So, that's our plan how to address it – it's – as Tom said, it's a long-term. You are not going to see an impact over one season, but that's our plan how to mitigate it and address it for the long-term.
Angel Martinez: I think over the last few years, you've seen us involve to especially with the shop-in-shop approach that we've taken to retailers who understand brand, have the real estate to devote to brands for the appropriate presentation. Our spread and assortment has grown to the point, where it's a very significant investment for a retailer. So, it represents a very long-term commitment. And so there were people who were not as committed to the brand and the evolution of the brand who over the last few years have fallen a little bit off the pace, and they've been replaced by larger people. They've been in some cases our own stores have been a better draw for consumers. And so it's just the evolution of a brand. I mean, this is what happens to all brands. We remain totally committed to all the retail partners we have and that we have had over the years that have built our business, but the brand is not going to await for people to sort of come around and the brand is growing, has momentum. It is growing across multiple categories. And it requires, I think, a commitment from retailers as well as us giving them the commitment. So, we are ploughing forward.
Angel Martinez: We have taken price increases on classic product. We've taken price increases on classic short, classic tall. Yeah, I'd say pretty much, there is an across-the-board increase. Now, it varies. Some products selectively have increased more than others. Certain iconic products, as I said, were pretty careful about not hitting our head against the ceiling with consumers on some of these products. I think, for example, that you don't want to get too far above $200 on a classic tall. I think that could be too exclusive and leaves a lot of consumers out of the mix. So, we try to stay right around $200 and close to that. So, it's really by – it's a combination really by products, by item, where we feel that we have headroom, and in some areas, we choose not to for competitive purposes.
Angel Martinez: We’ve had no negative impact on that. It’s been an ongoing strategy for us, particularly as the brand evolves to multiple categories of product and multi-season. So the investment of UGG brand is a year-round investment. Shop-in-shops are strong performers on a square foot basis in every single location we’re in they performed in the spring, they performed in the fall. As a matter of fact over the years we’ve been some more reticent to open shop-in-shops. We could have opened a lot more shop-in-shops than we have. We’re very selective about the shop-in-shops. The retailer pays for that build out, that’s not something that we fund. So, it is in a fact a great way of showcasing and evolving brand on a year-round basis.
Angel Martinez: Ended the year about 390 shop-in-shops globally and roughly for 2012 we’re looking at another 100 roughly.
Angel Martinez: Well, we haven’t generally broken out what the order book looks like. But we had a very healthy increase in our men’s business in 2011 and it was up over 30%. That we felt that was a great performance driven primarily by great new product and the men’s campaign featuring Tom Brady. So, we’re going to continue driving on that path, we know that’s an opportunity for us, we're getting more and more distribution on the men's product for both spring and for fall. So, we are excited about that.Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Angel Martinez: I always try to point to California. I always use California as a reference point. Yeah, we're having a warm winter around the country. It's still colder than it is in California. And the consumer in California has from many years now been in replenishment mode with UGG as a comfort product. The minute the evenings cool, and we're not talking 30 degrees if we don’t see that here very much, but 50s. It just time to where UGG and that is the pattern. That’s the pattern that emerges everywhere in the country where you start to see the consumer embrace the brand as a comfort brand and then get into the replenishment of the product, weather its slippers, whether its classic, that’s the pattern. So, I think its vitally important to understand the brand from the perspective, I mean the brand did evolve in Australia which have a climate very similar to California and continues to be down there its iconic. The type of product is iconic. So, we have faith in the power of the brand to do that. And we haven’t seen any example around the world were that’s not the case. And there is common reference to the brand as cold weather etcetera. It is a not a cold weather brand, it is a comfort brand as I said on many occasions. Now as I said in my comments, the warm weather did impact our retailers. There is no doubt about that. And we're not immune from the impact of our retailers. So, they are adjusting their open the buys for fall for next year based on performance of product this year. And it’s the weather is had a lot to do with decision making, the one most important thing of all the brands that they depend on for the fall season and for holiday, UGG performed the best. And that continue to be the highlight for retailers, the UGG brand performance in the fourth quarter.Taposh Bari – Jefferies & Company: Great, that’s very helpful. And then if I could just ask a follow-up along lines of the iconic stature of where UGG has been historically, now you're entering more as non-classic styles. How do you see that kind of iconic brand positioning translating to some of these more competitive styles and also along those lines? Do you expect, so we expect to see similar types of net product margins on those businesses as move forward to what we've seen historically with the classic product.
Angel Martinez: We'll, what’s iconic about the brand, obviously the brand has a certain look and in terms of classic, but the consumers are where UGG love it for the way it feels. Nothing feels like UGG, I mean that just the fact so as we've successfully infuse the comfort and the feeling of UGG into other products. Consumers have preferred that feeling to similar silhouettes that don’t have – what UGG does, the sheepskin, the premium luxury comfort, nature of it and that’s where we've been very successful, I mean we can take a pattern that's a fairly common pattern in men's for example a certain type of boot, certain style boot, their motorcycle boot and UGG if I as we say that boot. So you can wear with no socks and your feet stay perfect, you're not cold, you're not hot, just right. Find that sort of Goldilocks zone for your feet and that is what makes the brand special. And around that idea, we have continued to evolve product now. As we do more and more fashion product and there is some product in line that does not have much sheepskin. If any I mean we have sandals that have no sheepskin. Those were seasonal items and those represent a small percentage of the product line and those products will be closed out. There will be markdowns on those products. That’s the nature of the beast. That’s what we do, but what it's doing in total is creating a much more powerful lifestyle brand and lifestyle statement for the brand through retailers. And it's a very compelling brand to be associated with as a retailer. I mean, delivers tremendous volume and profit and we'll continue to do that.Taposh Bari – Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you very much. Good luck in 2012.
Angel Martinez: Yeah. I mean, Christian what we have talked about there is it's all about the sheepskin and we feel that we have hit a highpoint there and if we can start getting sheepskin prices, then we've got the opportunity to get more leverage into the model and more earnings power. So, that's sort of something that needs to be sorted out and we have more visibility as the year goes on to what the fall '12 sheepskin prices will be then we'll have a better idea to answer that. But that being said still longer term we believe with the Sanuk, the retail expansion of eCommerce, some stabilization of sheepskin, cost, we think longer term we can still – we still are targeting and operating income margin of 20%.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, what we have built into our assumptions there, I mean, crystal ball especially in today's FX environment, but we are looking at now is our guidance that assumes or the current forward rates which are pretty consistent with the current spot rates. And we actually deal with some of the contracts we have entered into were a while back, the hedging contracts. We've got some small benefit there from those, but that sort of net what our assumption is on FX right now.
Angel Martinez: No, we've been – we just gave out – gave a total international channel growth which included wholesale and retail.
Angel Martinez: Hi, Chris.Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi, just on the international side you guys said there was a 20% growth, I know that's retail and wholesale, Tom just mentioned but, could you maybe just talk about what you're seeing in Europe, sort of your thoughts about how the transition unfolded and just sort of thoughts about the U.K. business and generally think about 2012. Is that a growth region if you guys from a wholesale perspective? Maybe add a little more color on the international side is what I'm saying.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, we think the transition as you recall we had a little bumpy road at the very beginning that we smooth that all out, I think when Steve Murray came on board. We were able to provide some leadership into the region. He is done a great job so, that is very stable and we feel it's a platform for growth across the entire European theatre. Now, U.K. is a tough market right now, every brand is struggling in U.K, business is soft. The economy has been pounded there. Yet we still see that as a growth opportunity we see this as a growth environment and brand has had good success for the store that we've open – we're opening another store in Piccadilly just in time to the Olympics. We think the Olympics is going to have a positive impact on the economy in the U.K. and the pricing that we'll be able to benefit from that with our store presence. The rest of Europe looks pretty healthy, I mean, we've had nice solid performance in Benelux will be developing on growing and evolving business in France. We'll be opening a store in Paris relatively soon. We're developing our wholesale business in France, developing wholesale business in Germany through a distributor and then there are some untapped markets in Europe that offering tremendous opportunity, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic where we feel we have opportunity. Of course, there are markets like Spain that are struggling. Italy has remained fairly solid for us. We have distributor there who does pretty well so, you know, Europe is just – is anybody is guess as to when it's going to turnaround, but the recent improvements in the macro environment via coming together and beginning to address some of the issues has really put us I think in a better mindset about it.Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, and then just on the Tom made some reference to Q2 and you expected, I think the loss – the loss is more than doubled due to lower sales growth. I'm just curious, I think you are up 12% Q2 last year, I mean is the sales growth rate lower than that and just trying to understand what you meant by that comment if I got that correctly.
Angel Martinez: My guess is that they are people that have taken the price up prematurely and they are looking at the fall price list and raising the prices in advance of fall product hitting the shelves, actually where they see product that is carryover product, all the margin it has some opportunities.
Angel Martinez: And we haven't had any comments that there's resistance. Our fall pricing is set and the pricing as it is still great value for money. Yeah, the price went up, but we have never comprised the quality of materials and it’s the price you pay for the quality that we're putting into the product. If we wanted to mitigate, one mitigation efforts that we have not employed, we will not employ with the sheepskin issue is lowering the quality of sheepskin and we are just not going to do that. So, it just a vital part of who we are and quality is most important thing. I think it will differentiate us from the look alike. So, we are going to keep going down this path, the only path, where we don’t have any choice on this front.
Angel Martinez: It goes out in proportional supply to DSW to T.J. Maxx, our outlet stores so it’s not enough product to overweight that any part of the market. It never has been and certainly isn't this year. We do a pretty good job of closing out the absolute inventory.Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it that’s great. Thanks.Angel Martinez – President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Well, thank you all for participating today and really appreciate your support over the last year and look forward to your ongoing support in 2012. And once again thanks to the entire team around the world at Deckers and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Tom George: Jeff, if I could just add there in terms of the 12% domestic growth that included all brands it included Sanuk as well. And I think just give you some general direction, its more volume driven relative to price driven and its more retail growth versus wholesale growth just general speaking.
Tom George: We are comfortable with the pricing targets we now have. We really don’t want to go any higher on some of our classic products. We think that we have always felt that is an accessible brand to consumers. The price gets pushed up too high. I just don’t feel that’s a good strategy. You end up with the risk of putting market share risk and I don’t want to do that. I think we have to remain very competitive in the market. We have a lot of people that imitate our product. They are facing the same sheepskin issue problems that we are and so their prices have gone up as well. So, in relative terms we always want to remain accessible to our consumer, not pushed that edge too far. So, we are pretty comfortable that we are at the pricing that we need to be at.
Tom George: Yeah, Mitch, on the impact on the margin for the quarter relative to close-outs was roughly 50 to 100 basis points at the most.
Tom George: Yeah. So, I'll get back to you on the – let me get back to the puts and takes on 2012 and what we talked about the sheepskin cost pressure for 2012 puts 500 basis points relative to that. We are going to recover 300 of that in the form of pricing Sanuk, and mix of retail and all that. And of that $300 million, it's pretty split between half of that roughly being pricing and the other half related to those mix items.
Tom George: Yeah. As Angel mentioned Christian, we have done certain things, we have been building it both from internally and externally using more and more social media methodology and so forth and also upgrade our platform. We last year moved to Demandware, which is a cloud system that allows us to expand internationally. So, in addition to the U.S. now we are operating also in Canada, in the UK, in the Benelux, and we started this year also in Japan and we are looking for next year to be also in China. So, eCommerce is going to continue to be a very strong – both it's a brand building tool for us, but also a consumer direct selling vehicle for us.
Tom George: We certainly have roughed that out with the guidance that we gave for the total year and even with the amortization and accretion, the operating margins are greater than the overall. Well, you axe out the accretion and the amortization. The operating margins are greater than the overall company average, and even with the accretion and amortization, the operating margins are real respectable.
Tom George: Hang on I’ve got that for you. In the fourth quarter the increase in international sales due to change in model.
Tom George: Yeah, Howard, as we said, out of the 45 about four of them are going to be in the U.S. And the other are going to be broken down probably evenly between Europe and Asia, Asia its maybe China and Japan. In Europe, you will see handful of them in the UK. Angel talked about also France.Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And they are U.S.
