Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. As we take stock of where we are at the half point in the year, I'm pleased with how the first half has unfolded, following a challenging 2012. Obviously, there are always areas of the business so we can improve upon, and that we'll control -- there will continue to be factors impacting us that are outside of our control. That said, I think we're taking the right steps towards effecting positive change at Decker this year. And more importantly, over the long term. I could not be more confident about our products pipeline that we have in place for fall 2013, which is seeding into the 2014. I believe fall 2013 is the UGG brand's strongest, most complete line that we've developed. We made great progress in 1 year to broaden the appeal and accessibility of the brand, including having more transitional products to help bridge the gap between late summer and the start of fall weather, with more attractive opening price points in our casual and fashion collections, combined with non-core products that better reflect the UGG brand DNA and a broader lineup of specialty classes. And while still very early, sell-through so far in July supports this thesis. In the U.S., wholesale inventory levels are much cleaner than they were a year ago. And we believe that our retail partners are equally excited about the freshness of the fall line. In Europe, we feel like we've turned the corner with the UGG brand in the U.K., and with good momentum coming out of Q2 combined with a much stronger product line, we're encouraged about our prospects for growth this coming holiday season. We believe that Asia continues to be a source of growth and opportunity, particularly for retail expansion in China and Japan. As we make additional investments to our merchandise offering and marketing programs based on a better understanding of the regional differences between East and West, we believe that we can build market share in these 2 large and important consumer markets. We look forward to updating you again in about 90 days when we report our third quarter results. By then, we'll know a lot more about our sheepskin needs and costs for 2014, which, at this point, would be premature to comment on. And by late October, we'll have much better visibility in how the holiday season is shaping up. Given the unpredictability of weather and especially what has transpire in the last 2 winters, I think we're taking the right approach to planning the business for the remainder of the year, while at the same time, investing in new products and new processes that both mitigate our dependence on weather and create new growth vehicles for the future, including a specialty running category where Hoka, our newest brand addition, gives us an immediate and legitimate platform to complete. With a strong balance sheet and strong cash flow, we're well positioned to execute on the strategic plans for evolving each of our brands and driving sustainable earnings growth and increased shareholder value, well into the future. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we had actually pretty consistent performance across our entire DTC from eCommerce business, to our own stores, the Covar, as I mentioned, consistent style selling and our wholesale customers as new products has arrived. We got a little bit of -- we had success with the sneakers. Once the weather warmed, the sandals started performing. So in general -- and the new fashion product, what we call transitional product. But really, it's the right price point in boots and lighter weight, early fall product that has been performing well. So and we are starting to see the same thing happening as we're getting early reads from our wholesale customers. So we're pretty feeling pretty good about that.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. I think caution is the right word. I think everyone is approaching and especially after the last 2 winters, very cautiously. That's why it's important for us to make sure that we are in a good position to meet their near-term needs when -- with our core products. So we decided to take some projects early. We understand that consumers out there are buying closer to their needs, closer to the season. Retailers are reacting accordingly. And we're in a good position to fill in around core styles, which is pretty essential for us, assuming, of course, that we get them more normalized winter. So in general, we're feeling pretty good about the inventory position we're in and the availability of core styles we're filling.
Angel R. Martinez: I think we would like to communicate on our inventories as we have seen some improvement in it. There's always have great quality and we have never large write-off issues. Just look at it more on a 12-month moving average kind of basis, and we expect to continue to have our inventory levels more in line with forward sales trends and continued improvement on a 12-month moving average basis over time. I think, we're too much focused on the inventory any one point in time. So I think you need to look at the improving trends over time.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, first of all, from a product point of view, great response on the product. So far, happy with sell-through on the product. We have actually people who order a little light on core plastic product. They're to worry them. I think they find themselves in a position to chase some product as the season progresses. Backlog hasn't -- it hasn't changed. So we really feel going into this third and fourth quarter pretty confident about the reaction we found, the response from retailers, the sell-through of the products, the quantity of inventory, all things are positives.
Angel R. Martinez: Now, we said and it's been -- we're very happy with, by the way, the way in which Pure has evolved. We said the real benefit of Pure would be felt in the more mid- to longer-term period. So we had, as you may recall, regular sheepskin that we had to work through in 2013 and we continue to now as we move through that inventory of raw materials appropriately replace our needs for table grade with Pure and we're continuing down that path.
Angel R. Martinez: I mean, from a modeling point of view in the second quarter, you're pretty close to where we ended up in the second quarter for UGG. It was a combination of not only the domestic business, but some of the international business as well. Going forward, we still have -- that's pretty broad. So in the back half, we're -- we have cautious expectations as well for our wholesale business in the back half.
Angel R. Martinez: It's the DTC business. We feel more and more comfortable with that. We have that improved eCommerce trends and we're going to open -- in the guidance, it assumes we open 6 more stores than we did before. So that gives us the comfort level on the revenues. I think that ripples through and gives you more margin dollars to work with as well and there are some additional OpEx to offset that. But that gets you to a revised guidance that gets our earnings growth in line with our sales growth as well. So that's why we -- that's the driver of the improved guidance.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, you're going to see -- I think, probably the operative word for the design team when it comes to UGG Pure is liberating. Because really what it does is allows for even color. For example, there are limitations in what you can do in color with conventional sheepskin because of certain colors it doesn't take well. They're too caustic on the skin side of the hide. UGG Pure allows us a lot more diversity in color, which is really important. Now from a texture point of view, we have the opportunity to engineer different textures into the material, which we never had that opportunity before. Overall, sort of the pile itself. In other words, the density of the material, we can bury that. So it allows us to make product that is less bulky. And as a result, allows us to have more form fitting footwear, which -- one of the things we found out from consumers who were objecting, they were interested in the brand, they love the slippers, but they were objecting to the shoes as outdoor fashion because the product was too bulky. And now this allows us to have much more closer to the foot shapes and feel for the product. So those are all things that are liberating to the design team and you'll see over the next several quarters tremendous innovation when it comes to the product design. I think fall '14 is something I've already previewed, obviously, now that's just very exciting product. I've never seen anything like that from our brand and that's only possible because of what UGG Pure has allowed the designers to now think about and go execute.
Angel R. Martinez: You'll see fall '14, you'll see that in the preview line. And we'll have our fashion show. We'll have a product preview at the -- at our showroom.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we have, this year, introduced an $80 price point in slippers again because of some advantages we have with UGG Pure. It allowed us to actually make a slipper that's for warmer climates is not quite as bulky. It's been very successful, very popular. Our continued success of our men's ascot continues to develop around the world. We're building a slipper business in markets outside the U.S. Where really in the U.K., for example, they had not really seen a slipper business. So we're pioneering an entire category of footwear in the U.K. So yes, you're going to see a lot more diversity again of color, of style, of the density of the material to allow us to evolve that business. We're the market leader by a very long stretch there.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, this is Angel. First of all, yes, it's significantly better from a cost point of view. We haven't been specific into how much per square foot, et cetera. But more important than that, is better product. The UGG footbed doesn't compress. It doesn't sort of develop bare spots. It's just more durable. And that's from our experience and we'll continue to evolve that technology, continue to develop the testing procedures as we continue to evolve the product. But from our expert -- from our reviews so far, it's just better product. And the consumer will vote accordingly. But I think it will be presently surprised.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, you'll feel definitely see more. Really this is going to be -- become a power alley for the brand. That's one of the things that we're very excited about. And again, given the flexibility that we have with raw materials, it allows us to address price points, meaning we have to abandon because of the rise in sheepskin pricing over the last 5 years or so. So we're very excited about, but not only the price points, but really the fashion, the quality, everything that we're seeing in the fall '14 line. I'm very excited to show you all what that looks like. It's going to be a breakthrough and you'll see for yourselves.
Angel R. Martinez: It's a combination of both the transitional product for the third quarter, as well as some additional, what we call heritage kind of product, as well as other casuals. And it's a broad spectrum of a lot of different -- lots of different product. We'd rather get our hands on that inventory to be able to have it in our warehouse because we have moved a lot of inventory through our warehouse during the peak-selling season. We don't have to sit there and worry about waiting for inventory to be on the lot. And you know, this also enables the supply chain especially our factories to have more capacity to be able to manufacture even more product to meet the current order book we have because again right now are order book is higher than the current inventory we have on hand.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think, let's look at this. I mean, currently, our UGG inventory at the end of June is up 2.5%, 3%, mid-single digits that are implied guidance for the back half of the year of UGG. Sales growth is up double digits, a 10% kind of number. So we're going to need more inventory to drive that kind of growth. And we'll also have the inventory available on the key styles to chase some business in season.
Angel R. Martinez: I think, how we want to get everybody to view our inventory is continued improvement over time, which we've demonstrated on a year-over-year basis and inventories more in line with forward sales guidance and the quality will continue to be very strong.
Angel R. Martinez: I think, as we continue to develop transitional product, the transitional product is at a lower average selling price. That said, as I mentioned in my comments, we're moving more units so we're putting more people on the ground which is a positive thing. When it comes to the high-selling season, the core assortments, that remains at the traditional price points and as we experienced over the last few years, we've been able to mitigate, taking the radical price increase. So we expect stability there in the core assortment. So really, you sort of have to look at our business as from 2 perspectives: One, is what's happening with price points at the peak season, of course, our core product selling, those price points will remain where they've been; and then we're introducing new products, new consumers into the brand at a lower average selling price. So if you take the net-net of it all, we probably, over time, we'll see as our business in the second and third quarter grows with the transitional product, you're going to see the average-selling price come down a little bit and then bounce back up in the fourth quarter with the core assortment. Thank you, all, very much for participating on the call. We look forward to updating you in 90 days as we move toward a successful conclusion of 2013. Thanks a lot.
Thomas A. George: And Erinn, this is kind of related to the backlog, there's really no change since the past quarter because especially for the open business is primarily -- the wholesale business is primarily prebooked and -- but to add some color, consistent with what the last quarter, the pre-booking came in more skewed to the fourth quarter versus the third quarter because to some of those points Angel mentioned, the retailers are being more risk adverse early on and they want more product later during the specialty peak holiday selling season.
Thomas A. George: I think we feel pretty comfortable there. As time has marched, we're already more comfortable with how the -- our larger wholesale customers, the bigger retailers have their channel to clean up. And I think as this time marched on here, the independents have gotten a little bit cleaner as well, but not to the same level as the larger customers.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Sam, good question, let me give you some color on that. We had talked about being at about $300 million. We came in a little bit over $362 million. We used a little bit about was related to Teva and Sanuk, very slight amount. The rest is really mostly, mostly timing and so you're working with maybe $55 million there. And $30 million to $40 million of that $55 million is based on our decision, to bring product in early so we'll be better prepared, to put the product in our warehouse and service our backlog and our DTC for the back half of the year, and i.e., not be late on fashion product in -- similar to some of the things that happened last year. I think the ad in terms of the quantity of inventory, we gave you some good color about -- we need to bring more inventory in. Our wholesale order book alone is going to take care of inventory we have at the end of June. So we need to bring more inventory in to be able to service our DTC business, as well as have the opportunity to chase some business within.
Thomas A. George: I think that just the frame of reference to ground everybody in the call. Our UGG brand inventory is up slightly, a lot lower than the implied sales growth in the back of the year, which is 10%. So again, you need inventory to be able to service growth in the back half of the year and we feel good and especially good about the quality of that inventory where we stand and we feel pleased to where we're headed on the management of it as well.
Thomas A. George: Yes, good question. The business model stretches with the margins we have and the investment strategy. It generates a lot of good cash flow, good operating cash flow. So we do have that opportunity with that operating cash flow to be able to reinvest in the business and I think there is more of a lean now to reinvest in the business versus repurchasing stock. That being said, we still have $79 million available on the current authorization and will -- with that, we'll consider opportunistic repurchases as well.
Thomas A. George: We feel comfortable with where we're at the guidance we put out for the back half of the year. I think one thing to consider as we grow our DTC business, we have been seeing improving trends. On the eCommerce business, there's some strong trends there and were getting more and more sort of intelligent and experienced into how to drive more and more business into our eCommerce through our website. So there might be an opportunity there. On the retail stores, I mean, we've -- in our guidance, we assume we're going to open 6 more so, i.e., 36 versus the earlier guidance of 30. So obviously, as we grow retail around the world, there is always a of approval of additional stores, i.e., locations and whatnot we're looking at. So you have to work with the larger inventory to be able to secure the 6 additional, so there may be some opportunity there, but can't necessarily promise that at this point in time. And we feel good where we're from a margin point of view and specially that DTC business where -- how we can drive additional profit dollars with more DTC money. So if there's -- we end up having more DTC business versus wholesale business in the back half of the year, obviously, that could drive a lot of profit opportunity.
Thomas A. George: Japan, really pleased with that like for the quarter. I mean, every store comped positively. If you go over to that market and just see the energy in that market, you could just see how our product is really, the changes we've made to the product offering there and how we're driving traffic to the stores, you get pretty excited. And some of the new stores were opening in some of the locations have very high traffic locations with the right demographics. So very excited about Japan. And China is getting the -- the better inventory feel, broader product assortment, some product learning, some more marketing around awareness of the brand and driving traffic to the stores in China is what makes us excited about that opportunity which helped drive the improvement there.
Thomas A. George: No. Not really, other than 2 tough winters where we had a fair amount of cancellations, but we still maintain some cautiousness around cancellations and very little reorders in our projections.
Thomas A. George: I think we did -- we provided the square footage in there. It was -- sales per square foot on an annualized basis on -- for the comp basis, around $1,500 and total square footage as well over 200,000 square feet now.
Thomas A. George: We're very comfortable with our wholesale distribution. We have been cleaning up our distribution here and there, in various parts of the country where we've felt in some cases where we're not being well represented. That's an ongoing process. We have evolved to a very sophisticated direct-to-consumer model with our outlet stores and concept stores in the mix. And that certainly negates the need to run out and open less-than-desirable distribution and online. And we feel we have excellent wholesale partners across all channels and we don't see a need to go beyond that in the near term.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Mitch, this is Tom. We talked about in the last call, I think, it was -- we talked about a flat to slightly up comp for the total year. For the total year, that's similar what we're looking at now, flat to low-single digits kind of comp for the total year.
Thomas A. George: Yes, it's more for the totally -- well, sort of, the first half of the year is behind us and looking at the back half right now it's probably more focused on. And if you look at that our guidance for the back half of the year, the UGG domestic wholesale business is down more like a mid-single digits kind of.
Thomas A. George: Yes, let me -- I got that handy. For the total year, let me give you a frame of -- I'll give you last year's reference. U.K. was our biggest international market and then -- then Japan actually was #2. Benelux #3 and China, #4. This year, the U.K. still the largest market, then Japan comes in #2, China #3, and Benelux #4.
Thomas A. George: Different things. Benelux is really a wholesale business, lot of macro issues there to the point that they're -- the consumers when they do buy any brands, product, they down-selected the most affordable. So that's putting ASP pressures still some distribution issues there similar we had in the U.K. before we change that around. So we need to work on that. China, that's a retail market. We opened a lot of stores. We're getting opening stores. We now are adding the infrastructure and the personnel and the executive experience to be able to operate stores at a better rate and work on comps to make sure we have the inventory, make sure that we merchandise the stores correctly of those kinds of things. So that's why we're starting to see some improvements on the China comps.
Thomas A. George: So just to confirm what we talked about earlier, Camilo, we actually have more orders than we had with current inventory levels right now. So we need more inventory to service the current orders. So that's obviously a good position to be in from that point of view. And I think another thing that to give everybody -- just remind everybody the frame of reference in terms of how the company is transforming into a more DTC business versus wholesale and distributor kind of business, you need inventory to support the DTC business, obviously, both the eCommerce and retail stores. And you need more drops of inventory over the course of the year and during the season have more and more fresher products. So as a result of that, you need to have more inventory. I think one other point -- I don't want to -- I can't say it really enough, we don't have -- with the strength of the brand, we don't have any issues from a major inventory write-off that maybe some other brands will have. And another thing to point out and when we did have some closeouts like any other footwear brand in the first quarter but nothing really of any significance. In fact, by the time it gets ready to finalize our closeouts for the quarter, sometimes I wish we could find more products to close out. So we -- and we've got the brand back to the strength of the brand it's been around for 35 years. So that's an experience in terms of how to manage inventories as well.
