Steve Fasching: Yeah. Sure, Laurent. So just to give a little bit of perspective on the back half and you're right, we don't give quarterly guidance. So I think how we're seeing the year play out, and I know everybody's models are a little bit different, but it is, I think, laying out to the way we expected, which is much more growth in the first half. So I think, remember the context of last year, our first half was very disruptive in terms of inventory and product availability. And so when you see the big percentage increases in the first half of this year, we are, as we intended to do shipping out more product earlier in the year. That's benefiting clearly HOKA. You can see from the growth numbers, as well as UGG. Last year, as we started to see more inventory coming in, in the second half of the year, it was setting up a bigger half last year. So we are now comping against that bigger half that you saw last year. So that's why you see, from a percentage basis, the second half with lower percentage growth, because we're comparing to get that bigger second half quarter. We're still seeing significant growth with HOKA clearly in our guidance. Again, not quite to the same level of percentage increase. But, remember, we had a very big fourth quarter last year. And that was not only applicable to HOKA, but UGG as well. So, again, we're not breaking out quarters, but as I said, the year is playing out much to our expectation. Embedded in our updated guidance is an operational improvement, and that's largely coming from increases related to HOKA. So we're continuing to see strength. I mentioned it in my updated guidance in terms of now seeing growth for the full year of HOKA up to 50%, so before it was kind of 40%, 45%. So you're seeing that. I think the other thing, remember, is last year was more growth with wholesale, as we were replenishing the channel last year. So we're comping against a replenished year last year in the wholesale business. So you're going to see a slightly lower percentage growth on the wholesale business. But overall, trending very strong, demand signals very strong. The year is playing out well, seeing a strong start to Q3. So, again, as we've said before, and again, this is part of the reason we don't give or did not give quarterly guidance this year is because of the disruptive nature of last year. And we knew that there would be movements between quarters and we knew that first half was going to be much bigger growth this year, with percentage increases, lower but still strong dollar growth in the second half.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Tom, this is Steve. Good question. I think you're correct. And we did say this is, yes, on a constant currency operational basis, we are increasing our outlook. That increase has been offset by a stronger US dollar. So that's why we're holding guidance. It is an offset to the increase that we're seeing in the business. In terms of price increases, as you know, we have introduced pricing increases on HOKA this year. We have some other price increases on selected styles in UGG that are starting in Q2. It's difficult in season to change pricing. And, therefore, there really isn't an opportunity once you're in season to adjust pricing. It is something that we can look at going forward, but it's not anything that will impact this year.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, it's a good question, Tom. So in terms of, and especially related to Q4, again, we're not giving out quarterly Q3, Q4 breakout. But to your point, in Q4, I think the thing to recall last year was as we were experiencing significant supply chain disruption, ship build up at the ports, congestion at the ports, we were not able to ship products as much as we would have liked in Q3. That -- a lot of that started to clear up in Q4. So we were shipping more product in Q4 last year than what we would normally do in a regular year. You would have seen some more of that in Q3. The other is, we saw a good demand on the DTC side in Q4, too. So that was another buildup in the quarter. So we're still building on that business. Again, it's overshadowed by the strength of the US dollars and the significant impact of foreign currency. So you don't necessarily see that level of growth, because on the international front, we do get hit with the currency. So we are comping a very strong back half last year, especially in Q4. And so, again, it's not changing necessarily the shape of the business for the back half. There is some quarterly cadence between the two quarters, but we're building on an exceptionally strong back half last year. This year, it just gets a little bit overshadowed by the strength of the US dollar and currency impact.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think, answering the last question first, it depends, right? It depends on everything that's going on. So the gross margin decline, again, on a full year guide, because that's what we provided, the 51.5 to 50.5. The large majority of that is currency driven. So when you do your model and you calculate what we just delivered in the first half and you calculate your second half, the large bulk of that decline is driven by the further strengthening of the US dollar. And just one other item to recall is Q3 and Q4 are big quarters for us, with Q3 being the biggest. So we are going to feel more of that currency impact in Q3, because we have more business, wholesale direct business on the international front. So that is -- there is a slight component of an increased promotion factored into that. But, again, a large majority of the change or reduction is driven by foreign currency.
Steve Fasching: And then, Jay, this is Steve. On an UGG constant currency guidance, it's more like very low single-digit decline.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So $110 million on the first half impact, and then $140 million on the full year impact, and then you can back into the second half impact.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So second half wholesale, we're looking down a little bit. So again, all brands, global; and then DTC, we're looking up. So roughly speaking, kind of low single digits down on the wholesale second half and high single-digit-ish up on the DTC back half.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And again, part of that wholesale dynamic, to the earlier question, is because last year, we had a lot that went out in the second half. We had a lot that went out in Q4, specifically, especially as we were replenishing depleted wholesale inventories with incoming inventory that arrived in Q4.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. No, it's a great question. And it's interesting because we've had such success with more fashionable styles. The Fluff was a big acquisition opportunity for us with the younger consumers, and there's a lot more fashion and fund. But what you're seeing right now is the excitement around our Classics extension. So the team has done a tremendous job of taking our core Classics, which we, as you know, we've managed incredibly well over the last three years, pulling back on distribution, allocating inventory. And now we're going back to these accounts with a more expanded classic offering, which is right on trend. The platform trend is out there in a big way. That product is selling well globally, as well as the Tasman as is a little bit more behind on a new international level. But generally speaking, the diversification into heritage Classics and kind of more fashionable product is serving this brand incredibly well. We're bringing in more diverse consumers. We're bringing in younger consumers, people are purchasing more often. International is a little bit behind on, for example, China is having a moment now with Fluff, where US and Europe, that was last year. So it's just a little bit of a different cadence in some of the international markets versus the US, but all the product is resonating. The one difference in, I would say, the Asia Pacific region is that, they have a higher penetration of Classics overall, but they also have a much higher penetration of sneakers in those markets, which have been resonating very well also, which gives us more opportunity to lean into that category going forward, which is a big one for the UGG brand to capture. So strategy is working great. You're going to see an expanded focus on classics and more functional product coming into next year, which we believe will be accretive to margin and ASP and still some market share from others in that space as well. So lots of opportunity, we've got some work to do on bolstering men's at the moment and putting more marketing behind that category. But overall, the new product is resonating well and we're very optimistic.
Steve Fasching: Yes. There is a HOKA element. So I think the important thing to remember there was in both Q2 and Q3 last year, we were really starved for HOKA inventory. And that really arrived in Q4. So we had a kind of pent-up demand that was being fulfilled in Q4. And so you saw a big spike in HOKA Q4 of last year, and we're comping that this year. So yes, that – HOKA does play a part in Q4 as well as UGG.
Dave Powers: And I would just add on to that. We've been spending a lot of time planning the back half of the year. And we're really proud of the fact that we're able to maintain guidance despite some really significant headwinds on the margin front potentially, from a proportional standpoint, but significant FX headwinds as well. And we've aligned as a leadership team across the organization, and we feel confident that we can still deliver, despite some of these significant headwinds, and that's our objective. And we're going to optimize the strength of our brands right now to deliver its healthy margin and promotional-free season that we can.
Dave Powers: Yes, sure. We're really pleased with how things are playing out internationally. We've been working at transitioning those markets much like we did in the US a few years ago and we're starting to see fruits of that work in a positive way, particularly around diversified Classics in the UGG brand and younger consumers. And so, the marketing campaign, the key styles, the platform styles are really resonating well in those regions. But I think a key factor is that we are showing up more local than we are a global brand. So we're working closely with key influencers in the regions. That's not something we've generally done this aggressively in the past before. We've got some great partnerships with local influencers and celebrities, and also Fashion Institute in China that is giving us access to local designers to collaborate with. And we're showing up more -- with more of a local understanding of the consumer versus purely just peanut butter spread a global campaign. So we're getting surgical on the regions, both in assortment and distribution, but also the consumers that we're going after and leveraging those local relationships as best we can, and that's driving a very healthy business right now. So it's good. Despite some of the challenges, obviously, at a macro level in both Europe and in China right now, our brands are still covered and are performing well. And like I said, it's great to see that turnaround, and we see it continuing. A little more challenging in UGG in the US, just some of the wholesale nuances with shipping and things that we've had last year versus this year. But overall, it's off to a really good start. And like I said, in this environment, it's tremendous to see the international region is doing so well.
Dave Powers: Yes. I would say, on the marketing, we're very happy with how the FLY HUMAN FLY campaign has been received globally. It's been very early received from all of our partners around the globe. It's resonating very well with the consumer. We shared some of the metrics in the prepared remarks. And those results are incredible. In L.A. and New York to have that kind of uplift on additional marketing spend. And we are shifting more money to top of funnel and experiencing with different mediums. And we're learning a lot, and it's paying off. So we're going to continue to do that. As you know, we've said for many years now, we're going to continue to invest in our brands through marketing and talent. And this is just a great indication of when we get a powerful unified global campaign for this brand and move some more money to the top of the funnel that has a very positive impact. And so that's a new learning for us. We're going to continue to lean into that and explore different ways of connecting with our consumer. I think for HOKA going forward, we have some exciting launches. We just lost -- we're launching the Clifton 9 coming up in Q4. That's going to be a major launch for us. And we're continuing to have a very healthy and exciting pipeline of product. But as we've talked about before, we're dominant in run and trail. We need to bolster our opportunities in hike. And we're getting tremendous response from some of our lifestyle distributions such as Free People in the US. And so it's extending the reach of our brand. It's bringing in a younger, more fashionable consumer. And really, it's hitting on all cylinders. So it's just a matter of where we want to focus our launches, where we want to focus our marketing spend and drive the upside surgically over the next six months. But there's a lot of opportunity here. We're just really optimized -- focused on optimizing margin and sell-through and creating awareness at a top level.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Good question, Jay. I think obviously, for HOKA, the growth-on-growth that we're experiencing now, the scale of that business, the multiple categories that we're doing very well in and the expansion into more lifestyle product and distribution, all with still performance product, we're just finding more opportunities. The awareness we said in the script of the brand for non-runner is only around 20%. It's single digits in the international regions. And so when you start doing the math on awareness increases, the category opportunities head-to-toe, the global markets both in our omni-channel distribution, there's clearly a path to a multibillion dollar opportunity. And as I've said before, we don't see this as just a running brand. This is a running, trail, hike brand that is more like a North Face or a Salomon eventually than it is more like a Brook. So we are re-looking at our category approach, we are bolstering up some design and product management talent in our teams, we're elevating our marketing functions and we're going to stay aggressive, because we feel we have a tremendous opportunity to create the next multibillion dollar performance brand.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I mean, so far, so good. I mean we spoke about some of the early launches of the Ultra Mini platform products, both in the Ultra and all of Tasman. I mean, we're seeing just incredible response to those products. And we've gotten great press from a lot of the runways in Europe and also in New York. Influencers, they're wearing our product in a compelling way. I think the advertising, the marketing campaign is resonating very well with our consumer. We're getting really good feedback on that, and the sell-through of these extended Classics is exceptional. So we're pleased. And again, we're heading in with a lot of confidence, but we're heading into an environment that is seemingly going to be very promotional. But we're going to try to optimize full price sell-through as best we can and come out clean and healthy.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So on the second half, as we said in the call script, there's $70 million of currency headwinds for the company in the back half of the year.
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question, Dana. So in UGG, there really isn't extended distribution happening. So we're sticking to our tight distribution framework that we have globally. We've been working hard at establishing that, closing more accounts than opening. So we're not really in an expansion mode for distribution in UGG. We're trying to consolidate, work with the strategic players that we have tremendous relationships with an optimized DTC. For HOKA, it's a little bit different. We obviously want to optimize DTC, and we're doing a great job with that. But we are strategically expanding two doors, not in a massive scale, but I'll give you an example in the US. Coming up in Q3 this fall, we're going to expand up to 100 doors in DSG with DICK'S Sporting Goods. So we're slowly opening up more doors with that account and expanding a little bit. We're testing Foot Locker. And then, so -- but beyond that, there really isn't much distribution expansion for either of our brands. What we're seeing is higher rates of productivity and full price sell-through in the accounts we have. Those accounts are like DICK'S Sporting Goods and Foot Locker are new-ish and we're still learning a lot. But the growth that we're seeing in existing accounts and the productivity in those doors is very exciting, similar to what we're seeing in DTC. And then we're going to continue to strategically thoughtfully expand distribution, because we don't really need a lot more distribution right now, with the demand we're seeing in the channels we have, and we want to enter into any new distribution in a quality brand building way. From a DTC perspective, we use that strategically. One of the beauty of our omni model is that we can shift pretty easily between wholesale and e-commerce and retail. And we use the DTC channel strategically to exit some goods at a high healthy margin, but also use that as an acquisition for new customer retention. Inventory, we were so tight last year in inventory that we didn't have probably any excess. You'll see a little bit more on our UGG and HOKA websites perhaps than you've seen in the past, but that's strategic because we make more money in those sales on our own accounts and we get the consumer data versus discounting heavily in the marketplace. So we want to control this as much as we can, and strategically use DTC as an engine to drive growth and profit and also acquisition.
