Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom. The pace of change in consumer shopping behavior continues to accelerate and we must evolve to keep up. This requires us to improve our product offering and how we go to market, but also requires us to right-size the organization and reallocate our spending to the most productive areas of the business. The savings announced today puts us on the path to operational improvement, while also freeing up resources to attack areas of opportunity. We are proactively right-sizing this organization with an eye to the future and a firm commitment to improving profitability and increasing value for our shareholders. With that, we are now ready for Q&A.
Dave Powers: Yeah, sure, Randy, it's a great question, and obviously I think the results of the quarter indicate the urgency that we need to shift our distribution strategy both in the short and long term. This is something we've been working on for the past 18, 24 months as we have established our omni-channel infrastructure to be able to shift channels. Some of the testing that you saw in new channels this past quarter, i.e., Macy's, into Foot Locker and going into Amazon, we're anticipating a broader shift in the distribution long term. For me, it comes down to controlling our distribution as best we can, so continuing to work with the partners who are going to continue to win, continuing to work with partners that are going to showcase and present our brand in a quality way, and then bringing on even more so partners that are working closer to the consumer, and most importantly, our e-commerce business. I believe the more consumers we can bring into our DTC channels and our e-commerce business, the better off for us and for them. It's a high-profit distribution and that's where they want to shop, especially the younger consumer. As we've talked about over the last couple calls, we're also cleaning up and right-sizing our distribution in North America, so closing unproductive accounts and creating more opportunity for our top key accounts to do business with us in a quality way. So I think longer term you are going to see us control more of our distribution. You are going to see more distribution done through online channels, whether it's through our online channels or our top partners, and we're right-sizing the organization to be able to help them be successful that way. But really, the ultimate goal for us is fewer key accounts across the distribution marketplace, more through online, and more through direct channels.
Dave Powers: Yeah, great questions, Randy. I think to speak to the long-term mix, it's something we're still evaluating after coming out of this quarter and realizing that the shift in the channels are accelerating at a faster pace than ever. You know I think the strength of our DTC channel in the last quarter and the amount of business that we did to that channel, I believe, was roughly about 45% of total business, if not higher, done through DTC. I think that's probably closer to what the future looks like, but I think we'll have more insights and information to share on the long-term distribution strategy on the next call. But it is something that we are aggressively taking a good look at in right-sizing, as I said, the distribution. With regards to sellthrough, we're not seeing dramatically different rates of sellthrough between the majors and the independents. Generally speaking, everybody had a healthy sellthrough results with the UGG brand in the last quarter and they have cleaner inventories as a result of that, so we're pleased with that. But with regards to differences by account sellthrough, we haven't really seen any major differences.
Dave Powers: So, Scott, I think what you're asking is because we provided some markdown money and marketing assistance last year, most of that was recorded in Q4. So while the map reduction went into effect in December, a lot of the margin that you're talking about actually happened in Q4. So the margin improvement that Tom just gave is really kind of the Q3 impact.
Dave Powers: I think, Scott, the important thing to remember there is on the previous that Dave and Tom talked about, the $35 million that we previously announced, we said $25 million of that was related really to the retail-store closures. That really doesn't kick in until FY 2018, so the savings that we're talking about, while we've identified it, it's because we wanted to keep those stores open through the height of the season and then really close those stores in Q4. So we still have operating costs related to the running of those stores that will close in Q4. So you are seeing some of that lift; that goes away in FY 2018.
Dave Powers: Yeah, we're still evaluating specifics on that, Scott. I would say that we're looking at a combination of closing owned stores from a global perspective, and then transferring stores in China from owned to partners. So we don't have all the final details on that, but we'll share that on the next call.
Dave Powers: Yeah, it's too early for us to comment on that. I mean, the wholesale channels are still trying to figure out what happened in their business, so the order book conversations are live at the moment. It's too early to comment on it.
Dave Powers: Yeah, thanks, Erinn. So as I announced on the last couple of calls, one of the main priorities for me when I took on this new role back in June was to get a look at our operating structure and look for efficiencies. So over the past six months, we've been working with a firm that I mentioned on the phone, as well as internal work to get after, what I would say is, opportunities to increase the long-term profitability of the company. So this work has been ongoing since I took on the new role over the last six months. We finalized some of the details of that through the end of Q3 and we're ready at this point to announce the specifics on that, as you heard on the call.
Dave Powers: Just on that, because I think it's an important question to understand kind of what happened in Q3, as you kind of indicated, the warm start in October and November, I think, really scared wholesalers in terms of commitments or taking orders that they had. The other thing, as Dave mentioned, is really the composition of inventory that a lot of our - a few of our top wholesalers bought last year and carried over into Q3, and so kind of the two related, the cautious nature of the wholesalers, combined with the warm start, really didn't encourage them to be aggressive with their buys. And as we all know, they are very concerned about inventory management. So, when the weather did turn kind of early December, that's when things really started to sell, but it was too late to get wholesalers to commit to more reorders so late in the season. They didn't want to take that risk of the additional inventory. And so that's where we really saw kind of the difference from what we had guided to. And it also leads into how we're thinking about next year and we look at this year. So when you look at the reduction in the guidance that we're giving in Q4, recognizing what happened, we don't want to build a channel with more closeout inventory. So, strategically, we're taking down that number, which we feel better sets us up for sell-in next year at a better sell-in price.
Dave Powers: So, first of all, the men's business we're very pleased with. In our key account, it was up 34% overall. We had strong results in our DTC channel, driven by really the most biggest highlight in that category is our new male style, which is gaining real traction with a younger consumer. We're really excited about that opportunity to bring in younger and male consumer into the brand. We also had strength in the slipper categories across men's and women's. And then in women's in general, the Classic II was very strong for us in our DTC channels, which we think is the best indication of the business. Struggled a little bit in the fashion styles, but really the overall Classics franchise did well and was a driver of our DTC business. And as Steve alluded to, unfortunately in wholesale we just didn't get the reorders because of the pickup in sales happened too late for them to reorder that product.
Dave Powers: Yes, I believe a lot of the changes we've made in our digital marketing infrastructure and our ability to connect with the consumer is paying off. Our site traffic on our own e-commerce site was up 35% for the quarter. Site visits from social was up over 300% in the quarter. So to me, those are strong indications of the marketing and the product that we're bringing into the market is exciting our consumer. It's driving interest in the brand quite dramatically, and, again, we saw that increase in our DTC business. So what we just didn't see, again, at the end of December, was the reorders that would indicate that in the wholesale business, but all internal channels that we've seen and the KPIs that we track indicate that those are paying off.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I would say that that's true globally as well. We had great growth in our China business, in our DTC business there, as well as our new market, Germany, that we're building that business. And DTC generally, across the globe, indicated that the consumers are reacting to that marketing and that product, and the Classic II was a certain - definitely a strong winner for the season.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Well, first of all, I would say that 9% is not good enough, obviously, for us and we're not happy with that and we're doing everything we can to improve that above the 10%, 11% levels that we've had in recent years. So the cost savings, as I said, are going to be a key player in that. Driving growth back into the business will be a key player in that, including the margin improvement. But as we've said in the past, getting to a mid-teens number is still on the radar for us. It's going to take us a little bit longer than we anticipated to get there, but we have some activities in place and these cost savings are going to help us accelerate that path over the next 18 to 24 months. And we'll give more guidance and detail on that on the next call.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think, the key there, Camilo, is really around controlling the amount of inventory in the marketplace, and so having too much inventory in unproductive styles or just across the board leads to discounting in price. So the first thing we're doing, and that's indicative of the decision we made in Q4 to not flood the channel with closeouts, we're going to start being cleaner. We're going to be more selective in who we sell to, we're going to be more selective in how we allocate Classics products going forward, and we're going to continue to drive a more healthy full-price business over time.
Dave Powers: Not necessarily. We're still focused on driving growth, but we want it to be healthy, more profitable growth in the right channels. We're optimizing every turn in every sale.
Dave Powers: Yes. So first of all, the good news in that - even though we had good results in our UGG Closets, the full-price sales on our e-commerce site were healthier than last year and so we're making improvements there. What I really like about the Closet is a couple things. One, it's a much more profitable outlet for that closeout or off-price inventory versus selling that into off-price retailers at a much reduced margin. At the same time, we bring new consumers into the franchise, and as we do that, we gather their information so we can continue to cultivate that relationship and increase our sales over time. So for us, it's a very healthy way to take care of off-price inventory. We don't want it to be a main driver of our UGG site, obviously. But we see it as a healthy way to do it. The other way to think about this also is if you're selling closeouts in Q4, I would rather sell them direct to the consumer and have them in the hands of the consumer than sell them to a closeout channel and have them in the hands of the wholesaler who is going to hold onto that for Q3 and Q4 of next year.
Dave Powers: Well, as far as we're being aggressive, we're still aggressive with all the brands in this quarter. I think what you're seeing, obviously, is a little bit as a result of the wholesale slowdown, generally speaking, but also self-inflicted because we're holding back on closeout quantity in that quarter. Going forward, we still see great opportunity across the UGG brands in men's and women's and spring and summer product, which you're going to see some great launches in the next few weeks of styles that we think are more indicative of the opportunity there. HOKA will continue to be a major driver. The expectation for that brand in Q4 is continuing to increase and there is definite upside in this quarter. We'll continue to see it out of the HOKA brand. And I'm really optimistic still about Teva and Sanuk and their improved product pipeline and the innovation and marketing they are bringing to market. So we're bullish on all brands for Q4 going forward. Again, what we're seeing right now in the guidance for Q4 is partially self-inflicted to make sure we have a cleaner marketplace overall.
Dave Powers: I would say there is - yeah, we talked about it and Tom talked about it in his section. There is a component of a reduction to Sanuk. The rest of that is really that change in thinking in terms of the closeout strategy.
Dave Powers: Through the UGG domestic wholesaler. And we're also taking a cautious view at this point in time of the direct-to-consumer business in the March quarter.
Dave Powers: Yeah. There's been a little bit of slowdown. I think the industry is seeing a little bit of a hangover after the strong December. January, just kind of general market from what we can tell, has definitely slowed down and so that's part of the projection into Q4. We're seeing a little bit of that as well in our DTC channels, but the majority of the takedown for us is holding back on closeout volume.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Good question. I think it's important to clarify that because we do believe that a strong marketing attack plan globally is the right thing for our brands. What we're really doing with marketing is reallocating spend and making sure that we're increasing our return on spend in marketing. So, for example, we have five brands that are distributed globally. We've taken a deep look at how those marketing dollars are spent by brand, by channel, by region and we will be doing some reallocation of spend to really drive the business where we see the biggest upside, which is the UGG and the HOKA brand primarily in North America and China.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So we are in the early days of that. We're now on their site selling directly for the first time, and so far, so good. It's one that we are monitoring closely. We have resources put on that account specifically and are working, I would say, very closely with them in a partnership. We believe and I certainly believe that the consumer is going to continue to migrate to the Amazon platform, and so in order for us to, again, control our distribution, we think it's important to be on there, to be visible to that consumer in a positive way. But that requires work on our end to clean up the marketplace and so we're going through the exercises, as we talked about last time, of cleaning up distribution in North America, and that includes online third-party sellers. So we can do more healthy business in a more premium positive way on the Amazon platform. But I think we'd be foolish to think that Amazon is not going to be a major player in the future. The younger consumer is migrating there quickly, and we think it's important for us to show up with all of our brands in a positive way on that platform and leverage that opportunity to reach more consumers.
Dave Powers: Yes. So that's all contemplated within our segmentation strategy across product, across men's, women's, and kids in the UGG brand, and the good/better/best and premium distribution strategy is contemplated within that. So, we can't share all the details on that yet, but trust to say that there will be segmentation around our key retailers at the top end of the distribution chain, with more premium product, more special product, and then core accounts will have limited offering as we go through the full distribution.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think we're still evaluating that. They're certainly not premier or premium, but that's something that the teams are working through right now to make sure we have the right balance, depending on what we do with the rest of the distribution chain.
Dave Powers: Yeah. We still see DTC as a very important channel and I'm pleased with the results we saw in Q3. It tells me that the teams are doing the right things from an operational standpoint, that our digital marketing efforts are paying off, and that we're servicing that consumer in a quality way. Over time, you are going to see a little bit of a shift in strategy there. Still early to share some of that, but trust to say we want to do more business over time through our online channel and use our stores to drive excitement and interest into the brand as a key touch point and experiential component of our DTC strategy. But I think you'll ultimately see e-commerce become a bigger component of our DTC business over time. And then, our full-price store is a more strategic from an experiential standpoint and we have a healthy outlet business to help with the off-price market in that opportunity as well, because our outlet business and stores are still very profitable for us around the globe as well. So if you think about the full-price stores as kind of top-tier flagship from a positioning standpoint, outlets driving a lot of positive profitability and volume, and really gearing up through an omni-channel focus in our capability to drive more consumers to our e-commerce business globally. And then, augmenting that where we can with third-party distributors and wholesale, so our partner program in China, which has proven to be very successful so far, and looking at other opportunities of that around the globe.
Dave Powers: I'm really pleased with the launch of our UGG loyalty program. We have over 400,000 customers that have signed up in the last quarter since the launch, which is very positive. And what we know about the UGG consumer and younger consumers in general is they value experiences more than things, in some cases. So we're trying to make it more than just a points-based discount program. We're trying to reward our consumers as ambassadors of the brand and recognizing them for their social behavior and creating more opportunities to win experiences from the UGG brand and offering them special product over time. So, this isn't just a, hey, shop more, you get more discounts on the brand. This is really engage with the brand in a more positive, experiential way and become ambassadors of the brand at the same time. And so, the early indications of this have been very positive and I believe it's helping drive traffic across all of our social channels and our direct channels as well, as well as improving visibility and excitement that will also help our top retail partners.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And to add to that, Mitch, I would say that the Classic I inventory in the channel is, I would say, close to very clean in that we have some to fuel our outlet business for the next maybe six months, but if you go on the e-commerce site right now, the only Classic I product on there is the Classic Talls. We have more inventory in the Tall, but we think it's a healthy amount of Classic I. Now that we've gone through this transition of the Classic II, we're in good shape to drive a more full-priced base business going forward and really leverage the Classic II success.
Dave Powers: Yeah, we're evaluating all that. As we spoke on the last call, we take it very seriously and we're doing what we can to make sure we drive a full-price business. But that we own that through the amount of distribution we have in the marketplace and the amount of inventory we have in the channel. And, again, going back to a cleaner, healthier inventory situation and really closely monitoring working with these accounts is what we're going to do. So as I said just optimizing our distribution for the short and long-term and making sure that the partners that we're selling to are representing the best the brand that’s priority number one.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think you know, I'm proud of the fact that we kept the integrity of the Classic II launch high through the first quarter of the Q3. I said on the last call and subsequent conversations that we would not discount the new Classic II product and we haven't done that and we have no plans to do that. I think going forward, you know, discounting and sale is going to continue to be important to the consumer. So it's something that we have to recognize and be more strategic about, but I see us doing that through more seasonal interpretations of the classic and fashion, but gold really is to continue to protect that full price Classic business, and offer value to the consumer through some of the seasonal product.
Dave Powers: Thanks, everybody. Before we conclude the call today, we’d like to once again reiterate our commitment to increasing profitability and delivering greater shareholder value. I believe we’re on the right track and with the major issue that we have in place now to achieve these primary goals. Once again, those major issues that were focused on improving product, integrity and distribution the marketplace, attacking our overall cost structure and rightsizing the organization. It’s going take a little bit of time to implement all the initiatives we’re working on. But we are starting to see some of the benefits of our actions in the coming fiscal year. Finally, I wanted to thank all of our employees for the hard work during the quarter. This is a very dynamic time and I'm excited about the progress we are making with all of our brands, as we enter a new chapter for the organization. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support, as we drive for increased value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you.
Thomas George: Scott, some of that is related to retail stores. We're closing about 21 stores this year. A lot of those are going to close in the fourth quarter, so we had some additional stores in the third quarter. Some of it is some additional marketing around our e-commerce business, and another item is there is some increased incentive comp this year relative to year ago and that's really related to, incentive comp related to lower levels of management relative to a year ago.
Thomas George: Yeah, and the other thing to remember there, Scott, is, remember, that's a big reason why we changed our fiscal year was so that we could give a better year-out guidance after we got a better read on the order book. So, we're still very early on that. There's still a lot to go in terms of understanding where we're at, and normally we give that on the next call and that's really why we changed our fiscal year.
Thomas George: So we have a good, a real solid road map, Erinn, and in the May call, the fourth quarter call of May, we'll be able to provide more details as well as more around the cadence of the savings.
Thomas George: But I would say regardless of the result of the quarter, we've been on track for this for quite some time and we're super focused on it, as well as looking for growth opportunities to offset the opportunities down the road.
Thomas George: Yeah. So what happened really is we said in some of those guidance projections on the last call and subsequent conversations that the lower guidance really depended on reorders. And so if we didn't get the reorders, we would have, I'm sorry, the higher end of the guidance depended on reorders; the lower end of the guidance depended on - it looked like a no reorder or low reorder situation. What we didn't account for is the carryover inventories a lot of our wholesalers had in their inventories from closeouts that we did last Q4, and so what we believe is the amount of business that was done overall in our wholesalers was strong and healthy, but the mix of carryover versus new inventory in the quarter was higher than we anticipated.
Thomas George: When we looked at our e-commerce performance where we we’re actually selling side by side, we sold II to I, Classic II to I. So some of the other positive signs are, as we made that transition from I to II, in our own direct channels and, to a certain extent in some of our wholesalers, we saw strong selling of Classic II, so good customer acceptance. People still bought I in the outlets, but they were buying II, and when put side by side in our own direct-to-consumer channel, buying significantly better than I.
Thomas George: I'd say to talk about inventory in general, the elevated inventory levels really are a function of Classics in general, mostly the Classic II, not the Classic I. That's good news because historically when we've had elevated Classic inventories, we've been able to eventually move that without any significant markdowns. So there's going to be a lot of focus going forward and a lot of new processes and systems in place to be able to manage the inventories down. And we have the opportunity now. It's still early enough in the season to adjust the buys going forward as well.
