Angel Martinez: I think it is a combination of various factors Jeff. I think one of the things I mentioned is that we made an investment in PLM, which is product life cycle management software, and one of the key benefits of that going forward is that we should be able to be a lot more precise about the utilization of materials, the right materials in the right factories for the right constructions. So long-term we should see some benefit on the margins there. The other benefit of doing that is it allows us to spend more time getting it right with the consumer, and it can allow us to compress our actual product creation cycle giving us more time to be closer to the market. We really haven't seen much impact yet on any sort of pricing increases in raw materials, although we do anticipate that there will be some of that going forward next year.
Angel Martinez: Well, let me start with Teva, I think we're taking share. I think the brand’s authenticity and heritage as a core outdoor brand, and the fact that it is performing well, the product is compelling, certainly much more useful customers in the target end responding to the product. So, yes, I think we're taking share. I also think that the category is coming to life. I think that retailers have gotten very smart about understanding the need to make the outdoor more useful definition for people. Everybody is working very hard to get that age-group appeal down from the mid-40s to the mid-30s and 20s. So over time I think we are just positioning very well to take advantage of new approaches in marketing by our retailers, and we want to be one of the lead brands in this new face of the outdoors. When it comes to UGG and rolling it out around the world, not just Europe, you know, those markets benefit tremendously from the insights we get in selling the line here in the US. Obviously, new introduction of sneakers that I was mentioning, the fashion product, new innovations with fabrications and materials, all of those things allow us to be more precise in the merchandising story around the world. That and the retail stores overseas give us a sense of what that local consumer expects from the brand. So the retail stores act as a great model for refining what the wholesale assortment needs to be as each season comes along. We become much better wholesalers because we have those retail stores.
Angel Martinez: Well, we have always done that. Actually the process that we use in working with our retailer is more of a business management process. We are very selective as you know about which retailers carry UGG, but also in a given environment let us say a mall with say four or five retailers carrying the brand, we are very conscious of which product works in which retail environment. Not to have everybody all in a feeding frenzy over everything we make. Obviously, there is a fairly broad cross-section of retailers that carry the classic, and carry slippers plus the fashion product isn't for everybody. The sneakers, for example, are not for everybody. And so we have been managing this now pretty well for quite a while. Going forward I think the trend lines and the sell through at each retailer will allow us to be more intelligent about that. You know, we will able to dial in a retailers mix and assortment being very specific with their consumer and not every retailer obviously, has the same consumer target. So just in a broad-based example, our Nordstrom versus Journey’s you're going to have a very different mix in Nordstrom than you are going to have in Journey’s. And the more we learn about the Journey’s customer as distinct and separate from the Nordstrom customer, it is going to allow us to dial in that assortment in a much more precise way.
Angel Martinez: We are very excited about that. We think that the handbag business is an important part of our accessories growth area, which we think there is a natural affinity obviously between footwear, especially boots and bags. But beyond that, we think that the tests we have been doing in outerwear have been very successful so far. And we anticipate developing that to include more than outwear, and that will include knitwear, sweaters, and as you know, we have been doing a great job through our licensee with cold weather accessories. Those have become very, very popular in the winter selling season.
Angel Martinez: It is still evolving, still developing. You know, really that has kind of been us wanting to make sure we got the product right. We really feel confident going into this fall that we got the product dialed in where we want it to be, and you will see an ongoing improvement from a revenue perspective in these kind of accessory non-footwear products over the next few years.
Angel Martinez: I think on the Teva business they're in good shape with the right inventory this year, and in good shape with fill-ins through the balance of the spring and going into early summer. We are also in good shape on the simple brand with some fill-in business. Ahnu and TSUBO bought their inventories very close to orders. So more limited fill-in opportunity there. We're chasing it with those two brands because we are getting some good sell throughs. In general, the general thing I'm hearing from retailers is the improved environment. You know, a lot of people are chasing inventory, brands have become resurgent, you know, so it's important to have the right brands. The consumer has been out there. I think, just kind of got tired of not shopping, you know, I mean, American shop. This is what we do. So entertainment value being necessary shopping is the primary form. People are out there and they are looking for brands. It's pretty interesting. It has caught a lot of people by surprise because people are expecting a storm that would be you know, more intense deeper into this year. Maybe we are resurging you know, sort of a fall but we are getting good sell throughs in the spring.
Angel Martinez: Yes, we are very satisfied with the trends that we see. You know, it's really about as I said on the -- on my prepared comments, the spread in assortment of product with UGG. So you know, really looking at the presentation of the brands of the consumer, what we find especially through our own stores is that consumers love to see the assortment, and they are willing to try the brand for a non-classic product which is, and they are very satisfied, and they come back for more. So, you know, it's important for us to make sure that story gets translated to our wholesale customers. I'm very happy with the trend we are seeing in terms of those kinds of orders, non-classic orders. On the Simple side, we came up with a shoe called the BIO-D this year, and that's really what's -- it is that and the ecoSNEAKS are really driving the performance of the brands. So we feel you know, pretty comfortable. The Teva side, great strength in the fall closed toe product. That's been an exceptionally powerful insight we’ve had that the consumer is ready for a new brand in outdoors. And Teva as a heritage brand seems to be filling the bill, especially with the technical product we've got. Fall looks like it is setting up pretty nicely.
Angel Martinez: Well, you know, I think one of the things that's different from Benelux versus UK, we had a very strong distributor model, distributor operating in the Benelux with Teva doing a great job for a very long time. We did not have that in the UK. So the UK has got ways to go with the Teva brand. We know that the consumer is there. We know there is a market. We know there is great distribution. We know there is a solid outdoor industry there. So we've got some building to do, but we don't have as developed as Teva business to begin with in the UK that we had in Benelux.
Angel Martinez: You know, obviously my -- we're pretty aggressive in how we want to grow the business. Yes, there is a market, there are great distributors, I mean there is great retailers. It's a competitive environment, probably a bit more competitive than the Benelux was. You know, brands, outdoor brands being highly evolved there. So, -- but yes we're certainly not being squeamish about setting aggressive plans.
Angel Martinez: Well, I think you are going to see door growth from all of those retailers with the brand performing the way it has been. You have to look at last year as was a true test year for Teva, even though the brand have been, you know, those have been our customers for a long time. We were down to what you might call a pilot flame, in terms of you know, growth. We needed to have some product sold through solid double digits, so we could have more open-to-buy, so we can get better foundation which is what we started this year with, and the performance of spring is yielding more door growth as we look into fall for the new fall product as well as you know, for spring ’11. So that's all great. Then there are other retailers like TSA, like Sports Authority where you know, they've been very -- they have been a good customer for a long time, but now we're starting to see great performance and sell through especially on the Mush product, and that's opening the door for a variety of other sandal opportunities, as well as the closed toe. And keep in mind we've also got closed toe for spring. So it isn't just closed toe for fall that is helping us. It's close toe for spring. I think it made a big difference this year because suddenly on a rainy day we are not out of business in the spring and that's important. We have product that will sell you know, in any environment.
Angel Martinez: That's right. Those are good growth opportunities for us. We've had excellent conversation with them and a lot of excitement over the direction of the brand.
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean we are not going to put the sneakers in place as we wouldn't put other products. So it's not like you're going to see the sneakers in athletic specialty stores or necessarily, you know, outside of our normal distribution for UGG. What it gives us however, is unique and distinctive sneaker product that we haven't had in the past. You might, I mean, they're almost like dress sneakers, I guess you would say, and when you look at the price points that people are getting for sneakers, $150 to $160, you know, a mixed price UGG point very, very reasonable, $130, $120. We are -- look we have a high top, we've got a low top, we've got a slip on. There is, I think, in the men's three SKUs, I can't recall, I'm sorry how many SKUs we have in the women. A lot of color. It's just a fun new, very young, you know, statement that we are making in a quality way. So sell throughs never lie. So we are really happy with that.
Angel Martinez: We are right now, you know, we sort of moved towards all the other brands other than Teva and UGG, other brands that we just do that together at this point in time.
Angel Martinez: I think inventories that the end of the second quarter could be you know, could be, you know, in the ballpark to where they ended up relative to the comparison from the first or may be higher. Just have to see you know, how things go. As we mentioned on the call we are, really there's been a great concerted effort. We're seeing a lot of benefits of bringing in inventory closer to when we actually sell it to our customers. So, and I think net-net you know, it could be a similar comparison or maybe even slightly up.
Angel Martinez: Hi, we haven't broken out what we expect by brand, but I like the trends that we are seeing and I'd stay consistent with what I said last time. We anticipate because of new product introductions the ongoing momentum of boots in the marketplace and overall the amount of spread and assortment we’ve gotten at retail and ongoing, you know, growth in UGG business consistent with where we've been. You know, I don't really want to break it out anymore than that.
Angel Martinez: Well, again I want to thank you all for participating on the call. I want to send a note of congratulations and appreciation to our worldwide Deckers organization. I think you're seeing the results of an ongoing commitment to developing our team and increasing the amount of talent we bring into the organization and being intelligent about the investments we make to grow our business going forward. So, we look forward to the second quarter call. Thank you all very much.
Tom George: Yes, Todd this is Tom. Yes, given we do have the international distribution, we have been Benelux counter direct with Benelux, which has an operating margin improvement relative to dealing with a distributor. We are expecting some improved profitability, obviously improved profitability outlook for Teva in 2010.
Tom George: I think the thing to consider there is that we said on the call though the margin is up some because of some of the mix as well as being direct. With Teva there is a larger amount of SG&A we need to address this year compared to a year ago in the second quarter, one being five additional stores, net of being just traditional infrastructure relative to a year ago this time we have invested in. So that plays into what influences our guidance there right now.
Tom George: Not, pure infrastructure. Remember, we have five new stores as well now in the second quarter of 2010 relative to a year ago.
Tom George: Mitch in terms of the guidance for the total year for SG&A, the 26%, I think that's where we were at, you know, the prior guidance we were at 26%. What drives it, you know, the SG&A year-over-year is relative to the direct distribution now in the Benelux for Teva. Now we have operating expenses there. You know, the addition of the stores, not only the ones weren’t at full-time last year but open up full-time this year plus the 10 new stores. So that, and then some more infrastructure, but for the most part it stores in international distribution that drives the SG&A year-over-year.
Tom George: Yes. You know, Sam -- like we indicated with the guidance, with the revenues for the second quarter historically, the lowest revenue quarter there with a large amount of fixed overhead, fixed SG&A we have in place that's going to drive the highest SG&A as a percentage of sales.
Tom George: Well, that would -- you know, we are not given 2011 guidance at this point in time but you know, what that $40 million number was sort of an apples and apples comparison of the lift we would get relative to our expectations at that point in time. So it is a function of what volume of business we do in 2011. So we’ll just have to see how that shapes out as time goes on.
Tom George: Right. This is Tom. I will give you some color on that. There were -- there was, part of it was relative to having direct distribution with Teva like you said part of it was the direct mix, and then there was improved margins and, you know, it splits relatively you know, equally. There is little bit, you know, let's say 1% to 2%, maybe relative to Teva and the direct mix is about 2% and then improved wholesale product margins is maybe too a little bit higher than that. So that’s sort of the split what drives that.
Tom George: Yes, I think you're correct. I mean, we've got you know, lot of improvement in the quality of our receivable base relative to a year ago. So we have been able to you know, cut back on some of our provisioning for bad debts.
