Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Welcome everyone joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including our projected net sales, margins, expenses and earnings per share, as well as statements regarding our business transformation plans, product and brand strategies, market opportunities and restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Yeah, Camilo. This is Steve. Just on that, I think on the inventory, because I know there has been a number of question related to inventory. So pretty much, we delivered the quarter like we said we would. We said we had some carryover inventory. We were going to take care of it by the end of the quarter. We showed that. And really going forward, we're going to continue to manage that inventory in line with sales, which is what we've said and kind of said all along.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Yes, Scott. This is Steve. I will start with the inventory. So, on the inventory, we've said on the last two earnings call that inventory was up about 26%, and we said the reason that we had the elevated inventory was primarily driven by the warm weather that we encountered last year. And, as a result of that, we were going to pack it away knowing we could resell it because it was really carryover products. So last year, when we elevated our inventory, we talked about how we were going to elevate it, and we were going to be cautious in the inventory that we bought. We bought carryover product and unfortunately really walked into the warmest winter on record in the Northeast and, as a result of that, had some excess inventory. But, fortunately, we had bought that inventory in carryover product. So what we said we would do it was carry that into the fall of this year and reduce the future buys, which typically happen over the summer months. So we were able to reduce the buys of that carryover product, which really allowed us to get inventory back in line. And that's what we've been talking about, really, for the last couple of calls, and that's really what's played out is we --
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: No. So, this is the inventory that we were carrying. We know inventory in the channels is also lower. So not only did this quarter we were really able to bring our inventory in line with our expectation, what we're also seeing out in the channel is reduced inventory this year versus last.
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will take you through our second quarter results in greater detail, as well as provide our outlook for the third quarter and for fiscal 2017. Please note throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring charges. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investor Information tab. Now to our results for the second quarter, as Dave mentioned, revenue was a $486 million, which was slightly below our projections for the second quarter, primarily due to product in our EMEA region shipping later than expected, which is now figured into our third quarter projection. This delay was caused by a logistical change to a new 3PL partner. While sales were slightly below plan for the quarter, gross margins met our expectation and improved year-over-year. Gross margin for the quarter was 44.5% compared to 44% last year. The improvement versus last year was driven primarily by improved input costs. SG&A dollar spend in the second quarter was $162 million, flat compared to last year. This result for the quarter was better than expected and was primarily the result of lower international costs. For the quarter GAAP earnings per share was $1.21 versus $1.11 a year ago. The year-over-year improvement was driven by lower input costs. Our non-GAAP earnings for the quarter was $1.23, which was ahead of our guidance of $1.12 to $1.22. During the quarter, the company incurred restructuring charges of $0.9 million due to retail store closures and office consolidations. Inventories at the end of Q2 were $578 million, a decrease of 3% over the same period last year. We are pleased with the inventory improvements we have seen in all of our brands. Our inventory was slightly better than our expectations as we effectively managed purchase activity down and fulfilled orders using carryover products. During the second quarter, the company did not repurchase shares, and as of September 30, 2016, the company had $77.9 million remaining under its $200 million stock repurchase program. Now moving to our outlook. For the third quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of down approximately 2% to flat compared to the same period last year. We expect earnings per share of approximately $4.16 to $4.28 compared to earnings per share of $4.78 last year. Also as a reminder, in Q3 of last year, we reversed expenses related to performance-based compensation of approximately $0.38 per share, which creates an SG&A headwind this year. Additionally, this year we expect a tax rate of approximately 27% versus approximately 22% in Q3 last year. For the full fiscal year, we are lowering the top end of our guidance range. We now expect revenue to be in the range of down 3% to down 1.5% and earnings per share to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.25 on a share count of 32.5 million shares. As a reminder, our earnings-per-share guidance for the third quarter and full year exclude any pre-tax charges that may occur from any further restructuring charges. To give some further color, as we look at the balance of the year, we expect that over 60% of our revenue for the year is still ahead of us. And, as Dave mentioned, retailers have been more cautious this year and are preferring to carry less inventory and instead are relying on an ability to place in-season reorders. Furthermore, since retailers continue to remain cautious, we have updated our thinking about our guidance assumptions. Our outlook now assumes a weaker demand environment for reorders. In regards to our inventory outlook, as previously mentioned, we are pleased with our position entering the third quarter. For the next few quarters, if sales levels are achieved at levels consistent with our guidance, we expect to manage inventory in line with sales. Finally, we continue to see stable prices in the sheepskin market, in part due to the impact that we have made by utilizing UGGpure. We expect our sheepskin costs for fiscal year 2018 will be similar to this year and to not affect our gross margin. This does not constitute our gross margin guidance for next year as our sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margins. With that, I'll now turn it back to Dave.
Thomas A. George: In terms of our DTC assumptions, really no change there from the original assumptions. In the second quarter, our second quarter DTC business was as expected. So to refresh everybody's memory, on the high end of the guidance for the year where we are now guiding down 1.5%, we expect our DTC comps to be flat, and in the lower guidance we expect our DTC comps to be negative low single-digits.
Thomas A. George: Not at this point in time. We feel good how we've managed inventory to-date. As we noted, not only is UGG down better than we thought, but the other brands are down as well. We're pleased with that. The only inventory that's up at the end of the quarter is HOKA, and we're driving a lot of growth.
Thomas A. George: HOKA is expected to grow roughly 30% in the fourth quarter, so we're really pleased about that. In terms of inventory for the balance of the year, in terms of the UGG inventory, we're really pleased as well there, how we're continuing to monitor that flow of inventory and how we're going to be able to work with that.
Thomas A. George: And I would also add, I think you are starting to see the positive impact of our integrated planning function that was a result of our DC investment and our ability to better manage inventories over the season and particularly in season and make those adjustments as needed.
Thomas A. George: Yeah. And just the impact on tourists. What we've said there is; it continues to impact our DTC business, although the impact is being reduced. So, if you look at the impact that it had a year ago to the impact that it had on the last quarter, it's less of an impact. So we are seeing that improve.
Thomas A. George: So, on the high-end, where it was flat, it's right. The way you are interpreting it is correct, so down low single digits.
Thomas A. George: Mitch, good point. On the low end of the guidance, we really continue to be highly confident with that. We have the same assumptions on the low-end that we did before. And that's similar weather to last year, so that would be warm weather and a similar promo environment to last year. Although we're seeing similar – a better promo environment, we're assuming as bad a promo environment in the low end of the guidance that we had last year. So, again...
Thomas A. George: – some cautious assumptions at the low end, so we feel very comfortable with the low end of the guidance.
Thomas A. George: Mitch, in the fourth quarter, HOKA is a big driver of that. We expect roughly 30% growth in HOKA. We're comfortable with the product, the marketing, the momentum in the marketplace. So that's a big driver, as well as we expect better DTC business in the fourth quarter. One of that reasons is we're -- for most of the fourth quarter, we're still going to have at least 15, 16 stores, more than we did a year ago. So that's going to be very helpful as well.
Thomas A. George: Yeah, Corinna, similar to prior December quarters, it starts coming in around Black Friday, late November and then early December is when the volume of the business is.
Thomas A. George: On the guidance, the low end of the guidance assumes net cancellations. So we're taking a real cautious view there, and that's consistent with what the low end of the guidance assumed before as well. And on the high end, we are assuming some, a little bit of a reorder relative to cancellations on the high end.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I would like to quickly recap the quarter and provide some thoughts looking forward. Since I have taken over as CEO, I am in the process of looking at the whole organization. I am trying to understand where the opportunities exist and how we can best take advantage of them. While I am pleased with the financial results for this quarter, I understand there is more to do. The company is energized about the upcoming selling season, and we are encouraged by some early indications we are seeing with the Classic II launch. We are stepping up our marketing efforts and incorporating more digital to highlight the features of our new products and better educate consumers on the product offering we have for them. And underlying all this is a drive in the organization to deliver improved operating efficiencies that will lead to long-term value creation. While the current market conditions are challenging, it only reinforces our need and urgency for change. In our supply chain, we are working on initiatives such as automation to improve yields, migrating manufacturing to lower-cost opportunities, reducing SKUs, and reducing product development time. And it doesn't stop with the supply chain. While still early in my assessment, I see additional opportunities across the company and look forward to providing more details on upcoming calls. Now let's open up the call for Q&A. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Happy to comment on that. I think before I jump into that, it's important to note that from our perspective the only thing that's really changed with regards to our current business and guidance is that we're anticipating our retailers are going to be a little bit more cautious with regards to inventory levels and reorders. So hence, the tightening of our guidance of our range and there is no change in the low end of our guidance. Q2 came in as expected except for the one issue we had in Europe with the 3PL and DTC is tracking as planned. So now, we certainly didn't plan for new product introductions ending up on Costco and Rue La La, but it's something that happens to us every year to some extent. We don't think it's cause for major concern, and we're not seeing a negative impact on the sales of our Classics II as a result. The reason being that the amount of inventory in those channels is generally, and our best belief is that it's less than 1% of the total units we sell in the quarter. So you're talking about a very small amount of inventory on two discount websites, and we believe the average consumer has no idea that they're really there, especially when they're looking for a brand new product launch and want the product from a trusted source. So to address the specifics of your question, here's what we can say. This type of activity typically happens every year and the volume that we're seeing is consistent with what we normally see. We believe that this represents less than 1% of the total unit volume we sell in the quarter and even less in the back half of the year. You're talking about maybe 50,000 units on an annual volume for the UGG brand of 18 million units. So it's a really small number. However, it's sensitive due to the launch of the Classic II this year, and so we're taking it very seriously. Based on our investigations, we believe the diverted product came from two to three sources. One is a small European distributor, and the second is one to two rogue North American independents that we think saw an opportunity to flip the inventory for a quick buck early in the season. So we've identified the sources, and we're taking aggressive action legally, like we do every year. And so we're going after those, and that's part of the plan right now. At the same time, we're working closely with our key accounts to ensure they understand the context of the situation, and so that doesn't disrupt the marketplace in what is generally a very successful launch for the Classic II. And in fact, their own DTC channel, the Classic II is outperforming the sales of the Classic I this time last year. So I think it's really important to put it all in context. UGG is a global multi-channel business that sells 18 million pairs of shoes a year, and quite frankly, we don't see this small amount of units on these couple websites having a big impact in disrupting our brand.
Dave Powers: Yeah, it's still early in the season, obviously, Camilo. But where we have seen cold weather kick in, we have seen an uptick in the business, which is pretty typical. But it's good to see that impact in the business, and there are signs that that will have a pretty positive impact.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and so just to answer your second question about promotions, as Steve said, we're heading into the quarter in a pretty clean place, and as we said in the last couple calls, last year the promotions that we had, we really viewed as a one-time event. So there is no plan to be that promotional this year. We understand that we're going to have to take some promotions as we always do every year. That's part of doing business in Q3, and we will not be taking the discount on a Classic -- the core Classic product going forward. We did that last year. The purpose was to clean out and transition the product to the new Classic II. That will remain at full price. We are not taking markdowns on that. That being said, we know we have some markdown volume that we did last year that we need to comp this year in our DTC channels. That's baked into our guidance. And so we see this generally speaking as a pretty normal promotional year, but we're not going to be taking core discounts in that product.
Dave Powers: From a regional perspective on the comps for the quarter, Europe was positive. So we're seeing some improvement in Europe, whereas the North America comp and the Asia-Pacific comp were negative in the quarter.
Dave Powers: And then really no change in the expectation for the e-commerce business going forward. It seems to be tracking well, and we're still confident that we have a good business model there with good digital capabilities to drive traffic, and so we are staying the course on e-commerce.
Dave Powers: I think, there is a lot of noise around promotional activity because there is some closeout inventory that's out there. That pops up on your phone. It looks like things are worse than they are, but when you actually look at the amount of closeout inventory in the marketplace, it's not that worse than it usually is in the past. Now, that being said, we did allow some key accounts to carry Classic I over this year, so we made some sale of Classic I product to a handful of accounts to sell through. So that's out there. But, generally speaking, it's not a more promotional environment from our perspective than it has been in the past.
Dave Powers: Yes. The point there on the DTC is the announced closures, they will be open for part of Q4, and they will close at the end of the quarter. So year-over-year, we're going to get performance from those stores that will close at the end of the quarter, whereas this year we'll also have the new stores.
Dave Powers: Yeah. It's a good question. We're feeling pretty good. As we said, the launch of the Classic II has been successful, and the results of that product so far, given the weather challenges, are very good. And in our DTC channels, the Classic II is selling better than the Classic I at this point last year. So that's positive. The Street is doing well also. That was a new addition to the Classics franchise named after a little bit more younger fashion-oriented consumer, especially with the sharper price point. That seems to be doing well. Specific styles like the McKay and the Quincy combat boot in that collection are strong. The Slim hasn't fully kicked in yet, but it does well in places where we see colder weather. So of the three, the Slim is probably the one that needs to kick in a little bit more as we get into the season. It is a little bit higher price point than the Classic, so that could be something to do with it. But generally speaking, between the new Classic, the Street, the Slim, and the Luxe, we're pleased with how the Classics re-launch has gone across those styles. But the real strength is coming out of the Classic II.
Dave Powers: Yeah. You know, we've done quite a bit of that. We have toolkits for all of our stores. In e-commerce, we've shared that with our key accounts, well all of our accounts, as to the difference, how to sell the different product. You have to remember, all of these products that I just mentioned have our new outsole, the Treadlite outsole, which has better rebound and underfoot comfort and better traction, and they all have the water-resistant finish. So we are speaking to that in a really powerful way online, in digital media, and on our website. We're educating the consumer in our stores, and we've educated our accounts on how to speak to that as well. But it's something that we are monitoring every day, and we're actually making adjustments on the fly to make sure that we're optimizing that story across those franchise styles.
Dave Powers: Yeah. It's good question. We're very excited about the program and what it can do to help us engage with our consumer for the short and long term.. And really it allows us to gain more insights to our consumer's shopping behavior and their preferences, and optimize the lifetime value of each of our customers. So we tested this last year in two key markets around this time, had great success. We modeled out the impact of the business in the financial model, got a great response from the consumers that engage into those markets. And so when we launched it out in October in our DTC channels, the percentage of the consumers that are signing up is in line with our plan. And we're excited about the number of consumers we have in building our database of real, rich information that we can begin to cultivate for the long term. It's a little bit different probably than traditional models because one of the objectives of the rewards program is that we leverage our database in those customers to help promote the brand. So the social side of this is pretty exciting for us. You obviously need to make a significant purchase before you get rewards back towards your next purchase. We have a timeline of 90 days to use the rewards, so there is a sense of urgency. And so what you might see as an example is, if a customer earns enough rewards between purchases and social behavior in Q3, they could come back with a 20% – or a $20 reward program to use in Q4 to help drive additional DTC volumes. So that's the premise of it. But beyond the financial part of this is really the intel we get on our consumers for the long term to cultivate that relationship and that lifetime value.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I mean, it's still early in the season, Corinna. I think we're not seeing any major changes to-date, but there is, through conversation, there is a sense of cautious nature and stance from our retailers. And it really comes down to what they see in their business and how they're managing their open to buy, which is from our perspective, tighter than they usually do. And they're being cautious on when and how many reorders they're placing, hence the adjustments in our guidance.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I would say to-date we're not seeing, we haven't had any signals that things are changing or there's any need to push out shipments and deliveries at this point.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Well, we had a good spring and summer with our fashion product, primarily in the sandal category and sneaker category. And we're seeing – we've seen great success early fall and late-summer in sneakers, which is a big opportunity for us and we're very focused on in Q4. I think the opportunity there next year is to have an even stronger transitional product stance than we have this year. We have focused heavily on the new franchise product, which is more of a cold weather product offering across the Street and the Slim, et cetera. But the opportunity is, in spring/summer sandals, in a major way and then really getting up to the sneaker opportunity, and then more of a transitional boot opportunity, which we're going to be launching in spring and building on for next late Q2.
Dave Powers: Yeah. A couple things to comment on that. If you go on our website right now, you see the Classic I and the Classic II. And the reason we did that is we saw a lot of people coming into the website, still looking for the Classic I. And so we made a decision after some testing to put the Classic I up as a way to compare it to the Classic II to better educate the consumer on the difference between the two, why the price point differences. And what we're seeing is a pickup in both Classic II and Classic I sales on the website. And in fact, when you show them side by side like that, generally speaking, the consumer opt to the Classic II, and that's where we're seeing the pickup in sales. So that's very encouraging. As we said before, we're going to maintain some inventory to fuel our outlet business over the next 12 months or so. And, at this point, that's still the plan to do that.
Dave Powers: And that's just in our DTC channels. That comment was particular to our DTC channels. So, we have pure visibility.
Dave Powers: Yeah. We're still in conversations with Amazon. They were here this week, and we're in ongoing discussions with them about the best way to partner with them for all of our brands going forward. So, more to come on that, but just know that we're still in discussions and I'm pleased with how they're going.
Dave Powers: Yeah, it's a great question. I think, the key there – the first thing I would say is that it is our obligation to work closer with those key accounts and be more strategic in how we partner with them. And we're starting to do that with the new management we have in place. We're spending more time with those key accounts. We're putting strategic account plans in place that are very robust and understanding the needs of their business better. They used to be somewhat simple where we had these key item styles that would do so much volume for them and it was very predictable. That environment is less predictable now, so it requires more work on our end to partner with the accounts and make sure that we are giving them fresh, exciting product that's right for their consumer base on a more timely manner. And the other part on our end that we need to do is shorten our lead-time to product to market, so being more relevant from a style perspective, so developing product faster to market. And we're going through exercises right now and reducing our lead-time quite substantially to be able to do that and being able to react to the business better with our supply chain. The last thing I think we need to do is make sure that we have more frequent drops of products, so that we have more opportunity for reorders in the season at the same time. With regards to SKU count, one of the initiatives we have across the country is optimizing SKU count, reducing SKU count, improving SKU count productivity. That being said, we also need some flexibility in there to be able to provide special product make-ups for key accounts in our DTC channel, so we can be more competitive and react to the business faster. So it's a challenge. It's a challenge for everybody. I know you're hearing this from many companies right now. Our stance is to stay aggressive, be more agile and be more urgent and fast with how we go after new product opportunities and partner with those accounts.
Dave Powers: Yeah. We're extremely excited about the momentum that the HOKA brand has. I was recently at the Iron Man World Championship and we're just blown away by the amount of athletes and just general public that were wearing the HOKA brand. We continue to see momentum with that brand both in domestic accounts but also in our European accounts and activating business in Asia. And for us, it's really kind of supercharging investments in HOKA both domestically and internationally. So we've talked about trying to free up some savings in SG&A across the organization. We are focused on that. But one of the reasons we want to do that is to allow us to invest deeper and put the pedal to the metal on the HOKA brand. That requires more marketing investment in North America, so we can create a higher awareness, which will allow us to get into bigger distribution beyond specialty running, which we ultimately want to do, and then really get more boots on the ground, so to speak, in Europe in key markets such as Germany, France and UK. And then activate the business in Japan and China where we know there is opportunity there in a major way. But it's just a matter of really getting people on the ground in those markets to activate with the right partners. So you are going to start hearing more about HOKA. I think you are seeing the impact it is starting to have on our business. Q4 is heavily impacted by HOKA becoming a more significant piece of our business, helping to balance out seasonality for us, and we think this brand has a lot of upside. It could be the size of Brooks in the next three to five years.
Dave Powers: Yes. I know Wendy and the teams are looking at that on a constant basis. As we expand the SKU offering, we are looking at additional categories. So, in the spring, we are getting into the dynamic stability category, which we haven't done before, which is the biggest category in running. We are getting into slides so after sports slides, and we are well aware that the average price points are running are below – the running business is below where we trade generally around $130 to $160. So we are contemplating the right way to do that. We do think there is something to be said about our premium positioning, but we know that as you go beyond core running, you're going to have to be competitive out in the marketplace. And that's something that's true both in North America and Europe. And so, at this point, it's too early to say exactly what the plan is there, but it is contemplated in the long-range plan.
Dave Powers: Great. Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us today. I also want to thank all of our employees for their hard work in preparing us for our key selling season. I am excited about the progress we are making with all of our brands. As we enter into the busiest part of the year, the UGG brand is top of mind, and I appreciate the energy and the dedication to get us to this point throughout the season. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support as we drive for increased value for all of our stakeholders. Thanks.
