Thomas George: Bob, that -- what we're considering there is it's new markets, new direct markets, large amount of revenue growth we expect in the back half of the year, and you have to address new customer relationships. You have to address currencies. You're throwing estimates relative to discounts, return rates, reorder rates and all that. And we think at this point in time, it'd be appropriate to just be a little bit more cautious there relative to where we were. I mean, we were really -- the approximate 51%, we were within the bounds of reason, really, at the 51% anyway, and it really boils down to really just basis points difference there. And in the second quarter, that albeit a small quarter, not a significant quarter, it does impact the total year. And when -- we can get into some more detail on that, but one of the things that brought down the second quarter gross margin was the Simple brand, where we did some write-downs in some inventories and prepared that, and that's probably one other thing. I can get to more detail in the second quarter. I don't know if you want me to get into that right now, Bob.
Thomas George: In the second quarter, there were a lot of puts and takes as well. But one of the other things that -- and to remind everybody, we did have cost increases this year that we outlined at the start of the year. So, that put some pressure not only in the total year guidance but also the -- which we knew at the start of the year. But relative to 2010, the cost increase pressure is like 130 basis points relative to 2010 in the second quarter. On the other side, we've got a big lift relative to more retail sales. That's about 140 basis points. The Simple -- preparing Simple that was about 60 basis points and then remember, we had a real tough comparison to the second quarter last year, where we had about 230 basis points of lift relative to duties. And then one more thing to consider for all the puts and takes is now that we're direct internationally, we do have a lift in the U.K. and the Benelux. It was about 120 basis points. So if you track all those through, that explains the pressure in the second quarter of about 160 basis points.
Thomas George: Yes, I think we did see some significant improvement in the U.K. comps, and we saw a really strong improvement, really, in the U.S. comps as well. And so that's pretty much what drove that. Obviously, very, very pleased when we ended up at 23.6% comps for the quarter, up from just about 3% in the first quarter. So we're really pleased to what turnaround we're seeing there, especially on the U.K. side.
Thomas George: Yes, Jim. That's right. That $30 million has moved to $50 million with some organic growth there and then that converts on a -- at a wholesale basis to $70 million to $75 million. So yes, we are. We're really pleased so far where we're at there.
Thomas George: Yes. I mean, we have some big comparisons in the second half for the year. We have a lot of new initiatives and good marketing programs in place. But we're -- again, it's a big -- a lot bigger numbers to compare against in the second half of the year. So that obviously -- and not the same order of magnitude of growth that occurs in the first half and then other things going on in the second half. We've got a big international business as well as a lot more retail stores. So that's sort of some color on the second half of the year.
Thomas George: Gross margin for the third and the fourth quarter, we're really, at this point in time, looking at gross margin similar to the prior year. Granted this year relative to the prior year, we've got the cost headwinds. At the same time, we've got the direct model in Europe as well as some more retail stores. So net-net, it should be similar to the third quarter and the fourth quarter of last year. And in terms of G&A growth, a lot more growth in the third quarter as we get prepared those. Albeit most of the stores open in the fourth quarter, there is the startup cost, so to speak, of preparing stores for the fourth quarter as well as the cost in the third quarter. There's also the Sanuk cost that are included in the third quarter we talked about earlier in the call. And so in terms of growth, year-over-year, the just G&A is going to grow a lot higher percentage wise in the third quarter than it will in the fourth quarter.
Thomas George: Yes, Mitch. I mean, to give you a little bit more color what's going on in the third quarter compared to the prior year, there's obviously the retail stores we talked about there. On international, there's similar growth in SG&A in international when you consider the transaction cost. Those were in the first half for the year, but we consider some international marketing. We have now a direct -- we have operating expenses in 2 large markets over there. So in total -- and we have Japan and Asia Pacific. We've been building up infrastructure there. So that growth is going to be similar to the retail stores. And like you said, you've got some expenses and then there's the IP expenses we have in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter as well. And then the deal cost for Sanuk, close to $3.5 million, $4 million. Those are in the third quarter as well. So hope that gives you some clarity on -- a little bit more color on the third quarter.
Thomas George: Yes, that's right. I mean, we've got -- we only have the back half of the year Sanuk revenues and the operating expenses, their lowest half of the year, right, because they're primarily a spring business. But we've got 4 quarters worth of cost, because we've been working on this for a while.
Thomas George: Yes. I mean, when you include to the deal cost for the year, it's like $0.04 to $0.05 of dilution, really, in the third quarter. When you back out the deal cost, really just the back half deal cost even, when you back that out, you've got -- you're modestly accretive, in the slowest time of the year for them, a couple of cents.
Thomas George: Mitch, on the inventory, yes, I can give you that. On the international side, they're close to -- it's roughly a $50 million to $55 million increase, relative to the prior year on the international side, because we're on a distributor model and had very little inventory a year ago. Some of the increases, the retail stores, I think another thing to point out is the average unit cost throughout, closer to 10% year-over-year. So -- and you've got a good close to $20 billion of the increase year-over-year is relative to the average unit cost. And I think another -- a couple of other points on inventory. Teva, you know all of you, it's a good-sized brand. In this day and age, in terms of factory capacity, you've got to order key styles early on and bring those in early, which we have. And those key styles carry, do carryover to future periods. And I think another key point is if you look at what the inventory requirements that are implied given our guidance for the back half of the year, you can see we're going to have to bring in more inventory to be able to handle the growth in UGG sales we've seen in the back half.
Thomas George: Really no more than normally one would normally expect. Back and then you find we're really sensitive to making sure what we put in the line can carry over as well.
Thomas George: Yes. I mean when you look at our forecast for this year, I mean it -- albeit small, but it's close to a couple of million.
Thomas George: Yes, we did. We're pleased with how that turned in the second quarter. So we're really pleased how that went.
Thomas George: One thing you need to keep in mind there on that, Jim, is the fourth q -- Q4 business is a heavy -- heavily dependent on reorder kind of business. So you have to be more cautious from an expectation and planning point of view there. So we haven't given any specific guidance on that. It's still a little too early to tell. On that, I think net-net, I think it's safe to assume it's going to be lower than the third quarter impact.
Thomas George: I think that's the way to look at it. There's a change in model, so you'll see a gross up, everything being equal, but we're -- not at this point in time. Given it's so dependent on reorders, we're not ready to go into detail what the magnitude of the volume increase may be.
Thomas George: Net-net, there could be some more reorders to the compared distributor versus wholesale, but that is all in the magnitude of things. It's not -- nothing to really to get wrapped up about.
Thomas George: We're working -- we're continuing to valuate that. When we're prepared to talk about that some more, we'll talk about that.
Thomas George: I think a better way to look at it is that where, obviously, there is a change in model, there's going to be some growth from a unit point of view but because of the reorder -- so dependent on reorders and it's still early at this point in time. We were new to those markets on a direct basis. We just want to be more cautious. I think an added point I made is net-net, at this point in time, we're presuming it's going to be lower than the third quarter.
Thomas George: So on -- let me get one at a time. On the third quarter, we do still -- given the sales projections we talked about earlier, there's still some more inventory to be brought in here. And then we also have 11 -- by the end of the year, 11 more stores -- at least 11 more stores in play by the end of the year. So we're going to have some good inventory levels again by the end of the third quarter. I'd say from a percentage wise, it's probably -- it could be percentage wise, close to the same kind of growth as we saw in the second quarter, a little less.
Thomas George: The shop-in-shops, we're really still tracking where we thought we'll be within the last quarter. But we currently have about 250 of those, and by the end of the year, we think we'll have around 370 shop-in-shops.
Angel Martinez: Yes. One thing to understand about our outerwear and accessories business, first of all, our accessories business, the hats and gloves and the licensed business, and they've had some nice gains. We've been performing very well, but it's a licensee, you can see from the distribution we have penetrating more top-end retailers and a great assortment of product. On the outerwear, that's been product that is primarily driven to balance out the mix in our stores, and we're really focusing on that entire concept at the moment to make sure we understand what a consumer wants from UGG in terms of apparel, including outerwear. The best place to discover that is in our stores. We have some limited wholesale distribution of that product, which is performing quite well, but I don't feel it's a complete line yet. I don't feel that we have learned everything we need to learn about the appropriate seasonality and the weights of the sheepskin for outerwear, et cetera. So that's a work in progress. You'll see more of that as our stores evolve, and more of the mix in the store is apparel.
Angel Martinez: Yes. Jeff, it's Angel. I think what you'll see as time goes on is the same type of improved spread and assortment of styles that we had here in the U.S. A few years ago, as you may remember, we were primarily -- we were classics and slipper driven for the bulk of our business. As we took over the U.K. business, it appears that the focus was a little too dominant on classic in that market as well. So the team has done a great job in balancing the spread and assortment of stores. We're starting to see a much better representation of the brand across the multiple styles that we have, and I think that that's certainly leading to an improved sell in and a more interested and enthusiastic consumer.
Angel Martinez: No. You know what? It’s a brand that's really on the launching pad. Growth for them is just enthusiasm, excitement over the product line. They've expanded into some nice categories. The balance is 50-50, men's to women's. There is really a great momentum and an energy around that brand in the action sports and surf markets. So we anticipate that with we bring to the party, we should be able to help them achieve up to a 40 year -- a 40% full year growth, which is, yes, it's a nice round number. And that's a good indicator of the kind of momentum that they have.
Angel Martinez: Oh, yes. They have been doing that. They're getting demand in independent specialty. They're getting demand from department stores. The dealers are doing a great job with them. And so yes, they've already begun the process, but obviously, we're going to add some gasoline to the fire, so to speak.
Angel Martinez: I don't really see any reason why closed-toe can't represent 50% of our seasonal -- our spring business and it really, over time, should be at least 40% of our total annual business. Now if you throw in the mix of products from Europe, you're going to see, in Europe, probably a bigger mix of closed-toe to sandalized product in a typical year only because of the seasonal needs for waterproofing and weather product in Northern Europe. And we are addressing that with insulated product and waterproofed product and that kind of thing, and obviously, that product is at a higher price point. So what we're seeing is the evolution of Teva exactly in the right direction as a lifestyle brand, and I expect this type of shift to continue.
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean, I'd say on average, you're looking at probably a $20 at retail, more expensive products than sandalized products, performance sandalized products. So you take a good-performance sandal at 75, you're going to see it closed to a product at about 95. It's about the norm.
Angel Martinez: Right. The ones we outlined, the first 2 quarters and the third quarter, yes. Those are true onetime charges associated with the doing to deal.
Angel Martinez: No, we're not doing that. Again, they're unaudited numbers at this point in time. We gave you the frame of reference of the growth for the full 6 months. But I think giving you the -- it's still at this point in time primarily the spring business. You really want to look at the spring season, the first 2 quarters added together and compare that to the prior number, and...
Angel Martinez: There's -- it's fairly, fairly even. Fairly even a little -- it depends -- again, it depends on the reorder rate, right? But it's a fairly even mix, a little bit skewed to the second quarter.
Angel Martinez: Yes, yes. In terms of sustaining that kind of growth, it's really determined by locations where we -- which particular locations are available in the context of other appropriate brands for the UGG brand. As I've always said, we are not in the business of replacing our wholesale business with retail stores. These stores are an enhancement in environments where we feel the brand has enough momentum and energy and that a store would create some buzz around the new products, and that's exactly what happened. People see our new products and the spread and assortment in our retail stores, and it creates a real demand for that product at wholesale. So we're being very selective. I think we could -- really, if we wanted to, we could accelerate the store rate, the store growth rate more, but we're being pretty methodical about that. I'm going to continue on that path. You also have to appreciate that operating stores is difficult, and we are improving and perfecting our operating model. It's gotten so much better than it was, and I'm glad we didn't put pressure on ourselves by overly exhilarating the store opening. And then you take a look at the same idea and spread it out over the whole world, you really need to have people capable in each region to operate the stores at the right level. We're being...
Angel Martinez: Okay. Well, I mean generally, and you may know this, the last few years, we really have been holding classics growth flat as a percentage of the total. And we've done that because that's really been the way in which we've been able to innovate around classics and create more spread and assortment of not only core classics styles and colorways but products that we don't classify as classics but appeal to the same consumer and allow us to broaden the appeal even to younger customers as well. So classics will continue with that same strategy. For example, you don't see us marketing classics, actually, which is a very interesting thing that we do. We market the new stuff, and it creates demand for classic. And so classic is our core assortment. It's the initial reason that retailers got excited about the UGG brand. But what keeps them excited and what keeps consumers motivated about all of our new stuff is the styling, the innovation and the function of the new product. And that's -- we'll keep doing that.
Angel Martinez: And also, we have put the marketing initiatives we talked about, particularly in the men's side. We expect to see a nice blip in men's sell-through this -- in the fourth quarter, especially with Tom Brady and the marketing kicking off September 1, as I said. New colorways, new styles, a whole new product that's really going to -- well, it's kind of hitting retail now and will over the next month represent, in some cases, quite an expansion of the assortment. So we've had expectations for sell-through on those new products and new customers coming into the fold.
Angel Martinez: I'd say it's more like 5 or 6 years ago here. Keep in mind, we really just got the sales team together there. There -- this is really the first season that they're selling in the way that we sell here. With the approach of spread and assortment, we've refined our distribution mix there. There have been some people that we're no longer going to be selling to, because we really didn't like the direction the brand was taking in some of those stores. So they've got a long way to go. I really feel that across the board, men's, women's and kids', we've got a lot of work to do in the entire selling environment. So I mean, I would correlate it to UGG here when it was really hot as a classic boot. They don't have slippers there, for example. That's one of the big categories. I mean, that's really not been a developed category there. Cold-weather has not been a developed category there. Surf which is another big category here, so we got -- we have a long way to go there. I'm really anticipating a very robust selling effort in the ensuing next couple of seasons.
Angel Martinez: Yes. It's an excellent relationship. And I think what this does is it allows us to do some more top-to-top planning with their management team and really leverage some resources that we both have toward building the brand. And so we're pretty excited about it. We think it's a great move, and we already have a great relationship. I anticipate it's just going to be more focused. And now, everybody's got a lot to gain from the UGG brand's success.
Angel Martinez: Well, the initiatives that -- when you want to expand in different channels, a lot of times, it requires a different product mix. So, fall '12 is probably the most realistic opportunity for upgrading product. It addresses the need of a certain channel. In terms of leveraging and expanding relationships we already have, we can begin that with spring '12. We also see that there is an opportunity in expanding their women's business into department stores where we already have relationships. They already have an excellent product line for women. We think that it just needs to get in front of more buyers and as well as the independent specialty stores. I think that Sanuk is a brand that there's a lot of curiosity about. And since they've been focused on action, sports and surf, those sales calls have not been made at the level and in the quantity that I think you'll start to see. So there's a lot of hanging fruit in what I call the spring season. And then as we have to develop product to address some of the new channels, that will extend to fall '12 and spring '13.
Angel Martinez: Well, I think one of the things they're very good at is being innovative and inventive about how to make shoes. They've got a great construction. It's not a shoe. It's a sandal, as they say. And what's make it -- from a production point of view, it's made like a sandal, and therefore, it has some advantages from a cost and production basis. We want to learn from them. So my goal would be to keep gross margins where they are with Sanuk. I think that they've learned some things as entrepreneurs and innovators that we can certainly benefit from. And not to say that they won't also make some other product that might be at slightly lower margins because it's more conventional construction. That's part of the mix. But as we all know, sandal brands typically have a higher margin than closed-toe brands. And even their closed-toe product is made like sandals, so there's a big advantage there. Well, thank you all very much for joining us. We are very satisfied with our results in the second quarter, and we anticipate that the year will continue on the same positive trend and look forward to talking to you on next quarter's call. I appreciate it.
Mitchel Kummetz: Tom, just to follow up on that last question. I want to be clear. So on the gross margin side, Q3 4, you're basically saying kind of flattish gross margin the last year and then SG&A, more growth in Q3 than Q4. But can you say specifically how much of the SG&A growth in Q3 -- I mean, maybe if you could give it as a percentage of sales or a dollar increase or maybe if you can tell us what the impact is from the European transition. Because I would imagine, with the sales increase that you're expecting, there'll be some variable SG&A in terms of dollars that's tied to that.
Mitchel Kummetz: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then on the inventory, I know you kind of went through by brand. But could you say how much of the inventory increase is related to the European transition? And then could you also say if there's any excess in the inventory? I know, Angel, you talked about some softness on the sandal side with Teva given the weather. And I'm wondering if you guys were able to move inventory in the second quarter, if there's anything that gets carried over into Q3 that might be considered excess.
Mitchel Kummetz: Got it. And then last question. On Simple, I know you guys -- where are you in the process of shutting that down? I assume you built inventory for the back half. Maybe I'm wrong about that. And then given that you are shutting that brand down, what would that mean in terms of earnings impact next year? I assume that business was losing money for you guys.
