Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. As we prepare for our busiest selling period and look out beyond 2012, we feel good about our prospects and are encouraged by some external trends that could benefit our results going forward. Most importantly, we continue to operate a portfolio of brands each of which we believe has multiple growth opportunities in both the U.S. and international markets. Based on several factors, including spring performance, conversations with key retail partners and market research, we believe the UGG brand has never been stronger. Specifically, recent data tells us that consumer loyalty has increased over the past 2-plus years and as a percentage of people who have purchased UGG brand product are now wearing it more frequently. Similarly, there has been a meaningful step up in intent to purchase during the same period, while the brand recently received high marks for salience versus the competition. Taken all together, this gives us added confidence as we approach the brand's key selling season. We believe that the Sanuk brand hasn't even begun to scratch the surface of its full potential and moves into fall with a lot of momentum and good placement for its first true line of colder weather product. The Teva brand exhibited good domestic sell-through this spring and summer and continues to make solid progress, building share in the broader outdoor category through innovative closed-toe product introductions. Another positive trend is the decline in sheepskin prices. While we have yet to finalize negotiations with our key suppliers for our 2013 raw material needs, it appears prices have continued to come down from the historic highs at which we locked in during the back half of last year. I would remind everyone that we purchase sheepskin from tanneries in China, not directly from farmers in Australia and there are added costs in our price versus what has been reported in recent news articles. Furthermore, the prices for the different grades of sheepskin do not move in direct correlation with one another. The key takeaway is that based on current visibility, we're expecting our price for premium twin-face sheepskin to decline in 2013 versus 2012. That said, we do not anticipate prices to revert to 2011 levels. We'll be able to share more on our cost basis and provide more detailed color on the impact to next year's gross margins on the Q3 call in October. To close, the entire organization is focused on executing strategies that we believe will allow us to carry on our strong track record of profitable growth. Thank you for your continued interest in Deckers Outdoor. Operator, we're ready now to take questions.
Angel R. Martinez: No, not really, I mean, we saw a pretty strong performance across the board on our spring line. Sandals did well as I mentioned earlier. A variety of product that just a few years ago wouldn't have been thought of as UGG product performed quite well, and we saw that in every corner of the country.
Angel R. Martinez: Well fundamentally, we often forget that the brand has had many years of evolution in the U.S. We've evolved the fashion program here in the U.S. separate and distinct from -- and rounding out our classic business, our core classic business. It has only been a very short period of time, I'd say, 2 years since we really began an aggressive effort to evolve the non-classic product assortment in the U.K. and when you have a distributor-driven model like we had, the distributor is going to focus on the smallest number of SKUs to drive the highest revenue, and so they were primarily a core classic business and really, only until we opened our stores that we start exposing consumers to more of what the UGG brand represents. Also the U.K. comps were up in Q2 by the way, which is important to note. So the fact that the consumer in the U.K. is seeing a more -- a broader assortment of product bodes really well. Slippers are doing well there, and that's something that we've been trying to get established in the U.K. for quite a long time, and it was very difficult to do through a third party. So that's important to understand. There's a difference in the timing and the rollout of non-core classic product, and that's just starting to hit in the last season or 2. And with reference to Asia, again in those markets, since they're -- in China, for example, we've been primarily driven by our retail operation, there's no wholesale business. The consumers have seen a broad assortment from day 1, and that's performing well. In Japan, we had the same issue until we took over, where the distributor was primarily focusing on core classic. And again, in the last 2 seasons, we've been driving diversification of the assortment and the mix in Japan. So the brand in the U.S. has got about a 5 or 6-year head start on the rest of the world and footwear being the type of business it is, it's awfully hard on a wholesale environment to go in with such a broad assortment of product in the first years because retailers do have to have a foundation of sell-through and confidence to continue to expand the product line, and we're earning that every single day as we continue to evolve outside of the U.S.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, that's a crucial part of any brand's long-term success, and we've been extremely focused on that. You'll begin to see beginning in this holiday period, for example, in limited distribution, but nevertheless very important new products from UGG. More of what we call, really sort of re-evolving the ultra part of our line, which is actually more weather oriented, but I wouldn't say cold-weather product. So that's coming. You're going to see next year, a lot of innovation in our core classic. And we've been listening to what consumers have been saying. We want to have product that's more durable. We want to have product that's even more luxurious. We want to have product that gives better support. We want to have product that grips better, so all of those things are coming as we continue to evolve the classic line. So yes, really important.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we feel we've made excellent progress in terms of the assortment at the wholesale level, diversifying away from the strictly classic orientation. Our retail stores, as I said earlier, are really helping us do that. Now we just really are, as everyone else, dependent on the macroeconomic conditions and really consumer confidence bouncing back in the U.K. perhaps after the Olympics and all of the energy that comes after that, we'll begin to see some of that. But in terms of our line and the assortment and distribution, those things have been cleaned up. I'm feeling pretty good about all that stuff.
Angel R. Martinez: No, we really don't plan to extend far beyond our current strategy. Realistically, we think there's probably 50 locations in the U.S. appropriate for an UGG store and really don't see a reason to go beyond that in the long term.
Angel R. Martinez: It's still too early to comment definitively on that. Obviously, I'm as concerned about the pricing as anyone. I have always felt that this is an accessible brand, and we have to really understand where those thresholds of accessibility are. We really do feel that $200 is a threshold price point. We've tried very, very hard not to go above that and we're working hard to make sure that we come back to that, where sheepskin pricing allows us to do so. One thing to understand though in terms of the total mix, those tall products are not a significant percentage of what we sell. I mean, those are a small percentage of our total mix. The bulk of it is Classic Short in terms of classic assortment, Bailey Button Mini and those kind of products, which use less sheepskin and obviously have lower price points. So I guess to answer your question, on long term, I see us operating within those thresholds that we've established that we know consumers will be wanting to see from the brand in order for the brand to remain as accessible as possible worldwide.
Angel R. Martinez: I think our locations are the envy of most people in our footwear business in Asia. I don't understand the comment that we bungled the store locations. I think if anything else -- if nothing else, what we have learned is that we may have gone a little bit too far down the luxury part of the mall. So that pulling back just a little bit from that yields much higher traffic and much more revenue opportunity, much more exposure to more consumers. So I'd always rather come from a place where we started out as a little bit too high end and then had to back off just slightly from that in order to reach more people. So the strategy going forward will be exactly that. We'll be diversifying our store mix in secondary cities and in secondary locations within cities to create a mix of what I would call premium high end versus exclusively luxury, and our initial thrust was pretty much luxury.
Angel R. Martinez: Well I think as the consumer evolves in any market, especially a market like China. After a while, they begin to understand that it isn't just about wearing a label, they want true price value for their purchase, and they start to understand, well, why should I pay so much more when I can get a product at a more reasonable price that's just as good. And so that's the sophistication of the consumer. You're starting to see that. Whereas a few years ago, into the last year, you really saw an extreme label consciousness. They had to have the label at all cost. I think you're starting to see a mitigation of that. It's starting to come down to a -- yes, they still want premium labels, but they're also becoming much more savvy consumers, and that's a natural evolution of the consumer.
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. Long term, we are a wholesale-driven enterprise. It's important today to have a complete presentation of the brands to consumers, eCommerce, your own retail stores, wholesale and within wholesale, shop-in-shops. That said, footwear is unique. I mean, footwear is one of those kind of enterprises that it benefits you to be available to consumers with a broad assortment of competition. A consumer comes into a store and generally speaking, if they go to Nordstrom, and they're looking to buy a certain type of product, let's say they want a hiking boot. They want to try on multiple brands of hiking boots. They want to know, which is the best fit for them. Once they have made up their mind about what brand works for them and they love the brand, they then tend to come back to that brand at that brand's own stores and websites, but that initial recruitment of new consumer happens in a wholesale environment. It doesn't really happen in your own stores initially in footwear. So we know that reality, and we intend to be predominantly wholesale in the future in the U.S. In Japan, we'll be the same kind of thing, be it mix. It will be wholesale. In China, it's going to be retail and eCommerce because there is no -- as we've mentioned many times, there's really no wholesale environment.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. I'm always hesitant to be real specific because I don't think it's our right to do that. It's Nordstrom's business, and they can comment on that, but I will say a couple of things. First of all, the performance of our non-classic fashion product has been really good, and we're very happy with that. We think that the event this year, especially with the heat that you're seeing around the country, it's a little early to judge the performance for our core classic. It's probably suffered from these 100-degree days that we're seeing around the country, and there's no question about that. So it's early in the season for the core classic, but the bulk of the stuff that you will see in the Nordstrom anniversary event is the fashion and the new products. So it's really not driven -- the mix is a lot more the new stuff than it is core classics. So we're quite happy and quite satisfied with the results so far.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, again, the sneakers have been doing well, and that's -- we also have some casual shoes that have done quite well in our own stores. It's still a little early because we haven't shipped the bulk of that product for the wholesale environment yet. So it bodes well. We're certainly up in our own stores if that's -- and on our websites. So that's very important.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all for attending the conference. We are looking forward to the rest of the year. Clearly, we have challenges in Europe that we're focused on overcoming with better performance, better execution and a much strengthened management team across the world. So we look forward to the next call in October. Thank you all.
Thomas A. George: Jessica, this is Tom. On the international wholesale business, we had a -- we mentioned we had a good business in Asia, our Japanese wholesale business there. And on the Europe side, that was -- we saw pressures even on the last call. We talked about the European wholesale business. And those pressures continue in Europe. We're seeing some better signs in the U.K., in the European wholesale business vis-à-vis, let's say, the Benelux in that business. And back on the retail side, we're just really pleased with how we've been able to improve our performance in the U.K. retail stores during the quarter.
Thomas A. George: This is Tom. On the fourth quarter, the retail perspective -- and we are opening a good amount of stores in the fourth quarter, and we're also encouraged by the recent performance and the comp performance. So we are looking for -- really consistent with prior quarters sort of a mid-single-digit comp assumption going into the back -- ended up the year on more of a mid-single-digit comp assumption, I should say. So there's a strong comp assumption in the fourth quarter. The domestic wholesale business between the added men's line, the additional marketing, we've got Sanuk. We expect some good growth in Sanuk in the fourth quarter as well, and our eCommerce business, more international growth, as well as domestic growth. All those factors make us feel comfortable with that fourth quarter sales growth number.
Thomas A. George: It's more of a moderate and sort of the average improvement is the way we look at sort of reorder possibilities in the wholesale business and with our inventory levels, we do have the opportunity to chase some more business here in the fourth quarter if there is -- the weather does really react in our favor.
Thomas A. George: We're looking at on the international side, pretty consistent for the total year on the international side, growth pretty consistent with what we've now incurred for the first half of the year.
Thomas A. George: Omar, this is Tom. Yes, the third quarter doesn't have the same retail store eCommerce contribution that the fourth quarter has. So therefore, it's more vulnerable, so to speak, to the increased sheepskin cost that we've experienced this year. So that's why they're such a drag on the third quarter gross margins. And I think another thing is, we're being more cautious with our international business this year especially Europe from a margin perspective vis-à-vis the prior year. So that's another reason that puts the pressure on the third quarter gross margin versus the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Yes, it's a good sized business in the third quarter. But the biggest driver is -- Omar, just to -- the biggest driver is the fact that there's just not as much retail business in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So you really get -- bear a lot of the brunt of that increased sheepskin cost.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Jim, this is Tom. We expect some good growth in the U.S. wholesale business, more of that in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. As part of any footwear brand, there's always an element of closeouts in the mix. The fourth quarter is not really a large closeout quarter. That's more of a first quarter phenomenon. So I hope that answers your question on that.
Thomas A. George: Jim, there's always a certain element of that, but not a significant amount really, because our product, I commented about the classics and then the orders we have on that. Because historically, there's been very minimal amount of closeouts for classics and in the non-classic product, we don't take large bets on that. So there's a minimum amount of that that's left over at any point in time, and that does get closed out. Similar that it did in the first quarter of this year. So your sort of standard operating procedure for a footwear company, minimal amount in the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I mean, it won't be up slightly because we're growing our business. On the fourth quarter, we're going to have to make sure we've got the spring inventory in on time to be able to move it -- to have it available for the first quarter. So it won't be slightly. It will be -- it won't obviously won't be up to the same levels as it is -- as it has been. I'd say, it's mostly in the fourth quarter, more of a 30% kind of increase relative to the fourth quarter of last year.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we feel good about that. We feel that we have got the right amount of inventory that will chase some -- obviously, to chase some business this year.
Thomas A. George: On the third quarter, the international business -- Europe, we've talked about all the uncertainties we have been having in Europe, and the pressure that we're seeing there and relative to the prior year, the European business is going to be down, but we feel good where the Asian business is headed. The Asian business is going to be up some and then the domestic business is going to be slightly up as well in the third quarter, and then we've got some more retail stores sort of coming in towards the middle to the late end of the third quarter.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we certainly have that. I mean, we don't really get into all the economics of all the individual stores. We've been pleased about the productivity. We commented about the China stores, and albeit they're smaller stores relative to the U.S., the returns on capital there have been very good. You saw the improvement on the comp in the Japanese markets with those comp stores. Those returns have been very good and obviously, the U.S. business, the stores have done very well.
Thomas A. George: I think some of the product assortment we commented on the call, we're learning from the Chinese market that we may need to have somewhat of a different product assortment. I think another thing is some cannibalization. As we opened more new stores on a staggered basis as opposed to opening all the stores in one metropolitan market at the same time, you by definition get some cannibalization, especially as you have more learning and as you open each store. So those are some of the reasons why there's -- and I think another thing that we've talked to you about this, we're going to improve the -- and increase the marketing for that market to improve the awareness of the UGG brand and educate the Chinese consumer about what a real UGG is versus some of the down-market competitors and knockoffs there. So those are some of the headwinds we face in China that we're working to improve for the rest of the year.
Thomas A. George: With the new authorization, we really can't comment on what the company's intentions are relative to when they're going to repurchase, and what volumes and obviously at what price. So I can't comment on that. I did comment on the call to be sensitive to the fourth quarter share count versus the third quarter and the fourth quarter because they have more of an impact because of the share repurchase we did complete. On an operating cash flow basis, we feel good where we're at. I commented on the inventory growth. I think we might end the year at close to 30%, roughly growth compared to the prior year. Our receivable balances should be up some, consistent with the growth in our wholesale business. So we should be able to generate good free cash flow, then to have that available for what repurchasing we do and in when and what quarters we do that. I think another point to make is, we have good support from our banking group, and we're looking at expanding our revolving line of credit up to as much as doubling the size of our line of credit to have more flexibility going forward.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I mean, I think the comment that we have for the domestic wholesale business is consistent with prior years. We've got a good amount of that business already. We have orders for that. Keep in mind, the fourth quarter with even more retail stores than a year ago, there's going to be a lot of that once business. Our European business now with the concerns we have and how the macro backdrop there, most of that business now is preordered as well. So hope that answers your question.
Thomas A. George: Chris, this is Tom. Some of it is product, the broader product assortment. Some of it is -- we've got a fairly easy comp relative to the prior year, and we've been executing better. We've got some improved management at the U.K. retail operation vis-à-vis a year ago. We've got some more marketing around the stores than we did a year ago. Another year in the market on a direct basis as well with us running the show helps improve and had some positive spill off on our own stores as well. We've talked in the U.K. about sort of rationalizing some of the wholesale distribution that's benefiting some of our own stores as a result of that. So a lot of positive things and initiatives have been helping drive that improved comp.
