Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Jay. I appreciate the question. Obviously, HOKA is on quite a tear. And the good news is that, it is absent really any increased distribution. So, we're continuing to sell in the very strategic accounts that we've been in. The only place we're really expanding a little bit is a few more doors and DICK'S going to 40 doors in DICK'S. And then in Nordstroms, we're about 25 doors, but not expected to go until more until the spring. So, the growth that you experienced in the past quarter was driven largely by our DTC business and existing distribution. At the same time, the majority of the business that we're seeing is in core franchise styles such as Bondi and Clifton, but we're starting to see more adoption in for other categories as we talked about in trail and hike. The launch of Anacapa hiking boot has been received extremely well also. So it's broad-based growth across both channels, across franchise styles and extended into new categories. And the demand is just continuing to be super strong. And the awareness of the brand amongst runners is still in the mid-20% and even lower across all consumers. So, what we find is when people hear about the brand and they try it, they're hooked and they're in. So our job now is just continued to increase awareness and adoption of the brand in the existing distribution plan globally. So, we're super excited about how things are continuing to perform. The performance in the quarter, it was in line, but a little bit better than expected, hence the way for the rest of the year. And we're continuing to focus and drive that momentum and continue to reinvest marketing dollars to keep it going.
Dave Powers: Yes, sure. I'll take a crack at it first. So I think, it goes back to what we said on the last earnings call, which was, we were going to shift UGG shipments earlier in the year. And part of the reason we haven't given quarterly guidance, is because we weren't certain of the timing of that. But I think as indicated in Q1, we have been able to ship more in Q1. So that's what's driven significant growth with the HOKA brand, but also within the wholesale channel. And just as a reminder there, the intent there was to get more product out into the marketplace, because we saw disruption within the supply chain. So this was a strategic move on our part to work with wholesale customers to take product earlier than they traditionally do. And this is for UGG, right? This is what's really driving the UGG growth, to your question. So it's atypical in the sense of we're moving more product in Q1 in anticipation of mitigating supply chain disruption. We've been able to move more, but it also aligns with what we said again on the last earnings call, which was, the growth of the UGG brand was really going to occur in the first half, as we were shipping and anticipate shipping in the first half, product that we typically have shipped on a wholesale account basis in Q3. And so that's what's driving the very strong UGG result in Q1. Again, it's not necessarily that we're doing more at this stage, it's more about anticipating supply chain disruption and trying to get more product out into the marketplace to mitigate [Indiscernible]. But it also then allows us to focus on fulfillment of DTC as we get into that [Indiscernible]. So that's kind of the strategy and the growth behind UGG that you're seeing in Q1.
Dave Powers: Yes. Yes. I think it's to call the ball on that right now at this point, Jim. We did see a little bit of that challenge in lapping last year's stay at home orders because of primarily the slipper growth that we saw. I think you're going to still see some more challenges, more so on the UGG side of DTC as wholesale opens up versus last year. But our philosophy is at this point is, we want to be ready in all channels to wherever the consumer wants to shop. And so, we're making sure that we're getting our wholesale inventory levels in line. We're prepared on DTC, both in stores and e-commerce globally. And it's still a very uncertain environment. So, if there are further lockdown orders or the Delta variant takes on a whole new life, we're going to be ready no matter where the consumer has to shop. But we're confident that we'll be ready to meet the demand across all those channels. So you'll probably still see a little bit more pressure on DTC in the short term. But longer term, we think we'll get back to a normal mix and a more increased growth in DTC over time.
Dave Powers: Yes. The first 1 is on margins and pricing. So as you know, we have a very tight and clean distribution for our -- all of our brands in wholesale, and we're maintaining high levels of full price sell-through. As far as price increases go, we haven't had dramatic price increases this year. The product is on the water, if not already in the DC and in the accounts. The margins of the product, the tier is considered in the guidance going forward with a little bit of hedging for some of the supply chain disruptions. But we're pretty confident in the sell-through of the margin that we're going to have this year. Next year, we are looking at some price increases across the Board on a global level across all brands, it's an exercise. The management team is going to be going through the next couple of months to mitigate some of the potential expense increases that are coming down the pipe and the supply chain. So this year, no price increases, steady, healthy margins is how we're looking at the business. We don't see any real reason to think differently about that. It's more about continuing high premium sell-through and distribution of the brands. From an M&A perspective, we've talked about this before. It's not a major priority for us. We are continuing to have conversations as we have had in the last three to five years. We're not looking at a major acquisition that's going to dramatically change the shape of the organization. We feel we have so much organic growth amongst our marquee brands now, both across footwear, geography, channel and then ultimately with apparel. So we want to make sure we're not taking our eye off the ball, particularly in UGG and HOKA. But at the same time, we are interested in smaller brands, whether they're footwear or apparel that could provide healthy growth in the out years, three to five years from now. It's something that we can incubate, such as we've done with HOKA over the last nine or 10 years. And we feel right now, if we were going to do anything, it would be in that space, a smaller brand, but not a major priority. We're just continuing to have conversations and evaluate what's out there.
Dave Powers: Yes, we're definitely seeing that, Camilo. What we talked about in the last couple of quarters is, we're bringing in a younger, more diverse consumer and this is for all of our brands. And then we are seeing more repeat purchases. So the trend that we talked about last year around this time in Q2, where people were coming to the brand and buying traditionally a classic, they're now coming in and buying a fluff or a different category of product for the first time. And then they are coming back, particularly with the fluff franchise we've talked about, there's a lot of newness. There's a lot of excitement. There’s a lot of innovation. And as we expand that franchise to be more of a sandal than a slipper, we're starting to get increased purchases that way as well. We're also seeing really strong results from our loyalty program, and that's driving a significant amount of our sales and repeat purchases. So a lot of our repeat purchases are loyalty members. So what's great is we get these new consumers in, we get them signed up in our loyalty program and then we can cultivate new opportunities across a diverse category offering. So this is a big change from where we've been in previous years, where we now have exciting, compelling product in -- beyond core classics in slippers and sandals and sneakers in rain boots, in fashion winter boots. And we're starting to see those categories really resonate, which is great. And as you know, that's a key strategy of ours is diversify. And then obviously, some strong adoption that we're starting to see with apparel. So what gets me really excited about the UGG momentum right now is that it's broad-based. It's across genders, it's across categories, it's global. And we think that there's a lot more opportunity down the road to continue down some of these new categories and build more of a year-round business.
Dave Powers: Yes -- HOKA franchise is the number 1 style in for the quarter, similar to last year. So still seeing that strong reaction there, a little bit of growth in that style versus last year. But obviously, a very compelling program that we're going to continue to build on and there's still strong demand for it.
Dave Powers: I wouldn't say that's necessarily happening just yet. What we're selling is a good healthy mix of spring and summer in fashion, classics and particularly in slippers and the new mill. If we're seeing it anywhere, it's probably in the new mill and the Classic Mini versus previous years, but we're not seeing a lot of early shopping based on inventory. We've been able to maintain a good healthy mix of inventory, the wholesale channels are getting fulfilled again and sell-through is healthy. But I wouldn't say we're necessarily seeing people shop early because they're afraid of not being able to get it.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think, we think we can surpass the $1 billion milestone with current distribution and current category mix, so heavy on road and trail running, still primarily is our drivers of revenue and growth. So the Bondi Clifton franchises, as an example. Longer term, on a multibillion-dollar opportunity, continuing to take market share from our competitors globally in core run, really expanded outdoor hike business. REI is a great example of the potential there. We're starting to see traction beyond that and stealing market share there as well. From a channel mix -- sorry, to finish also the -- there is also a significant lifestyle opportunity for us, and we're starting to see product in there in that category and seeing success there early on. And I think you'll see spring 2022 and fall 2023, some really compelling crossover styles that are still rooted in performance, but have a broader wearing appeal for consumers. Ultimately, there is an apparel opportunity that we're incubating. As you saw, we brought in a new head it design for apparel, so we're getting serious about that. Broad-based will probably be larger international in the U.S. over time. But that is going to be driven by a healthy mix, probably 50% of DTC and 50% wholesale again and just continuing to increase the breadth of the line and increasing reach, in particular, places like Europe and Asia Pacific with a big focus on China on top of the continued growth in North America.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would just add -- sorry, Janine, I'll just add to that, that we're having ongoing conversations about how we're tracking with hiring. As Steve said, that's a little bit more challenging in this environment than we anticipated. So anywhere that we have money that is not being spent on potentially freed up, we're doing our work to reallocate that to marketing dollars to drive the brand -- all brands going forward and also international growth so we can turn these markets around at a faster pace.
Dave Powers: I think it's a very healthy rate right now for HOKA. The athletic sector tends to have higher rates of marketing with athletes and events and everything else. So it's working for us. We're continuing to drive it. I don't see us reducing that anytime soon. If we have an opportunity to ramp it up even more so, we probably will because we want to stay super aggressive and competitive here. On the UGG side, we have been increasing the rate of spend over the last 3 years to very healthy and comparable to some of our peer groups. And we're going to continue raising that. But I think right now, we're in a very good spot where we have a lot of flexibility and agility with how we spend our money, where we spend our money by brand, region, channel and type, and we're constantly having conversations with our brand leaders and commercial teams on how we can optimize that. So marketing is a big lever for us. In this environment, we're competitive. We want to stay aggressive and we're going to put as much marketing dollars into play as we can, making sure that we also are building our infrastructure to support the growth that we're driving.
Dave Powers: Yeah. No, I think that's right. I think what we're seeing in men's, we've been at this for quite some time to make UGG relevant and exciting for the male consumer. The Foot Locker partnership has been a big catalyst for us there, including as well as Journeys. We're getting more penetration in wholesale for a men's product, led by the new mall, but also now adopting some of the slipper products and driving acquisition online in our e-commerce business and DTC business. We have better strength in a place like China, where the penetration of men's is bigger and more broad-based. So we're going to continue to build on that. We're allocating more marketing dollars against the men's opportunity. We feel that, that is a significant space that we can build and take share from competitors in that space and be a meaningful brand for men over the long term. So the progress there is exciting. And we have a new leader in the men's business that joined us during the pandemic, had tremendous experience in the innovation pipeline for product is strong, and we're going to continue to build on that.
Dave Powers: I would say, just in closing, I do want to say that I want to give the management team and the whole organization a lot of credit for the way they've managed the last 18 months. We've been maintaining a very aggressive mindset with these brands. We want to continue to steal share. We want to continue to get -- gain shelf space globally. But the way the team -- the executive team and their teams globally have managed around factory planning, staying aggressive on the buys when other brands are cutting inventory. That has helped us tremendously. We're navigating through a lot of the supply chain issues through earlier shipments, close partnership with our key wholesalers to take product early, super tight marketplace management by our brands were saying clean and premium. And the existing product pipeline and what's coming down from an innovation standpoint is incredibly compelling. So you combine all this with a very purpose-led culture, and there's a lot to be excited about at Deckers, and I'm really proud of the work the teams have done. And I'm very excited about what's ahead of us for all of our brands on a global scale. So we appreciate your time.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And Jay, this is Steve. Just to add on to that. The -- so the improvement in revenue guidance that we're now flowing through for the full year outlook, the majority of that increase is coming from the better-than-expected results of HOKA in Q1. And I think as you think about the balance of the year, as we compare against bigger quarters last year, the percentage increase in growth is expected to reduce. Overall, we're still growing significantly with HOKA, but we're going to start lapping bigger quarters against last year. So that percentage growth may decrease. And the nice thing about HOKA is, it's a nice balanced year, right? There isn't the seasonality that we have seen, say, with the UGG brand. So, as you think about HOKA continued growth, a little bit less on percentage terms and a nice balanced year.
Steve Fasching: Yes. We haven't given specifics on profitability other than to say our e-commerce channel is our most profitable segment, and hence, our significant emphasis on growing that part of the business and is the big driver of the total DTC growth to get to 50%. So again, we haven't given specifics on that per se in terms of profitability, but it is our most profitable channel and why we are intently focused on driving that proportion DTC as a total of sales to 50%.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Jim, I'll take a stab at first and Dav, feel free to jump in here. I think the HOKA dynamic is a little bit different than UGG. So with UGG, because of the seasonality of the business, it was easy to identify what we traditionally sell-in in Q3 and especially from a wholesale account and how we could identify and strategically move up some of those shipments. With HOKA, what we're seeing is we're shipping to wholesale, but we're also seeing demand increase. And so that's where you're seeing the outperformance and the carry-through and the outperformance to our full year outlook. So there it's about really the success of HOKA driving kind of additional sales that we're seeing in the quarter. What we're more aligned, I would say, in terms of kind of a traditional cadence as it relates to wholesale accounts for HOKA, there, it's about just getting inventory in to accommodate our wholesale dates, as well as some of the launch dates and that is where we are seeing some pressure and looking to expedite and use some of that air freight. So there, it's a little bit about less pull forward, and it's more about seeing increased demand and how we meet that increased demand in the marketplace and bring product in, in an expedited manner to match that demand. And so that's where HOKA is a little bit different than UGG and a little bit more challenged in the sense of how much more can we do given constraints and disruption in the supply chain and how we then work around that with expedited freight. So it's not so much about a pull forward, but it's more about increasing demand and meeting that increased demand.
Steve Fasching: Yes. The large, large majority. So yes, I think the way you're thinking about it is about right in terms of what we anticipate, I would say, not just airfreight, but kind of all additional costs associated with trying to get inventory in sooner. So it's not solely all air freight, but air freight is a big component of that. We're also seeing increase in other costs related to trying to expedite shipping.
Steve Fasching: Yes, sure, Camilo. And I can give you probably more high level overview rather than specific numbers because it's -- we're dealing with 2 unusual years here. So going back a year ago, right, with the pandemic kind of really taking effect as people were working from home, we saw a very significant increase in terms of the slipper business. And that was largely, again, from a channel basis then driven through our DTC business. So we saw considerable growth with the UGG slipper business. We are comping that growth, but it's also changing because of this dynamic where we're shipping more product early this year. So, it's not a true apples-to-apples comparison. What we can say is that, we're continuing to see growth. Part of that growth is this year that we've shipped some of that product earlier. And so, I think we need to see how the next few quarters play out in terms of that growth. The encouraging news is, it's still a growing category for us, even on top of last year's exceptional growth. But we are shipping some of that product earlier. And so, we'll see some of the growth moderate in future quarters, and we'll have a better read on it as we get through the season. But we're still encouraged by growth that we're seeing in that category.
Steve Fasching: Yes. We don't -- there isn't a specific number to speak to yet in terms of replenishment because it will be dependent on kind of future sell-through too. So, we can't peg to a number at this stage. I would say stay tuned on that. What we are saying though is that the growth, as I mentioned on one of the previous questions that you're seeing in the UGG growth in the quarter, a good component of that is building inventory in the wholesale channel. So clearly, the replenishment will be dependent on what sells through of that. And so that's where we need the next couple of quarters because we are shipping and did ship in Q1 some fall product, right? And this is all to mitigate some of the disruption that we're seeing with supply chain. So don't have a specific number at this stage other than to say, the growth that you're seeing in UGG wholesale in Q1 is really our strategy of getting more product out early to replenish inventory in the wholesale channel, which we've done. We are seeing good sell-through, but some of that product is there rebuilding inventory and then we'll see as we get through the next couple of quarters of how much of that rebuilt inventory versus how much of that sold through. And then we'll be in a better position to say how much is replenishment.
Steve Fasching: Sure, John. So I'll go first and talk a little bit about HOKA. So you're right. I think traditionally, we've seen Q1 be smaller. That is why you're seeing higher percentage growth currently. So as we see it become a more seasonally balanced brand, that's why you're seeing higher levels of growth in what have traditionally been or historically been smaller dollar a quarter. So with the higher percentage, they're catching up to some of the bigger quarters. In terms of constraints, right now, it's not demand, it's product and getting product in quick enough to fulfill demand. There is demand out there for HOKA, and we're just trying to meet that demand in a constrained environment. And so again, to one of the earlier questions where I was talking about airfreight, HOKA is a brand that we're looking to expedite freight to get it in to meet the demand. So we've gotten a few questions in terms of HOKA, how we clearly, it is a big grower. It's growing very rapidly. The challenge is more just us getting products made into the market. The sell-through is incredible. Pricing is very clean, sell-through is great. We're building the smaller quarters. And so here, the challenge really is just getting inventory in and getting it in time to meet the demand in the marketplace. And in some cases, that's where we're seeing some pressure with the brand. So overall, very healthy, growing incredibly well. We're very pleased with the progress that we're making, and we're just trying to keep up with the growth that we're seeing out there.
Steve Fasching: Sure, Janine, I'll take that. So I think what we're seeing and what we spoke to on the last earnings call is a commitment to increasing. So again, last year, I think as everyone acknowledged, it was a unique year in the sense that we saw an acceleration of revenue, and we weren't keeping pace necessarily with investments in a year of uncertainty. And so, we've approached this year much more around building capabilities in infrastructure and marketing for brand awareness, as we now look to continue to grow the organization and grow our brands. And so, you are seeing a step-up and a step up as a percentage of sales. As we've currently guided in that, approximately 35% of revenue, that's a good -- it's a good point to be, we think, for the current year. What we do and are also doing is increasing our variable component of that. And so, with that, we're being very tight in terms of management on fixed costs, which is allowing us to create more variable spend, specifically around marketing and global marketing to build brand awareness. So as we're seeing tremendous growth with these brands, fueling that with marketing to drive brand awareness. At the same time, we are leveraging our fixed costs, which is what you're -- what we're seeing in an overall picture, again, ignoring what happened last year to build that profile. And so, we're very comfortable with that. We like the profile of what we've got in the current guidance that gives us that flexibility. What we are seeing to that and what we've flowed through currently is, we're seeing some challenges with hiring and getting people when we thought. And so, that is some of the reduction that you're seeing in the current SG&A guide versus the prior SG&A guide. That will be something that may change slightly in the future as we're trying to build talent in the organization to support the level of growth that we see in the coming years. So overall, comfortable with what we're guiding this year, more variable to drive marketing globally and brand awareness globally, leveraging on the fixed cost, but also recognizing we're probably a little bit behind where we thought we would be a quarter ago and that's giving us a little bit of leverage in the current year.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Mitch, it's a good question. And we haven't given quarterly guidance. So, what we're saying, and it's probably best viewed through the lens of the change in the annual guidance that we've given. So with increasing revenue, $60 million, what we're saying is what we've achieved, and again, this is largely through HOKA and Teva. That is better performance than what we expected. And that's where we're flowing through it on the year. In terms of UGG, what we're saying is that's largely us adhering to the strategy that we set out at the beginning of the year, which is ship as much as we can, as early as we can. And so that's why you're not necessarily seeing the change in the UGG full year outlook at this stage. So I think in terms of the -- when you look at the change in Q1, we are shipping a lot more than what we historically do. That's not necessarily more business. Some of it is as demonstrated by the performance of HOKA and Teva. The UGG aspect is really more around the strategy of shipping more product early to replenish depleted inventories and set ourselves up for a successful fall season. That's what we're doing, and that's really what you're seeing in the numbers. Because of that outsized revenue increase and largely timing on the UGG side, it's driving a significant profit in the quarter, right? Some of that is getting passed through. But again, not all of it is over performance, it's largely timing of performance. And so best viewed, again, through that lens of compare our full year outlook and there you can identify it. And then just speaking to the other components of the P&L. As we've talked about on previous questions, we are seeing pressure with supply chain constraints and bringing inventory in. And so that is what's leading us to take down our gross margin profile as we expect to incur more costs on that front. And then we're able to offset some of those increases with some leverage in SG&A versus the prior guidance, which is allowing us to hold the operating profit profile, but with the increase in sales driving the lift in EPS that we're also passing through.
