David Powers: Okay. Yeah. There's three questions in there. So, I'll answer the first one and then I'll hand it over to Steve. But good questions, Camilo. I think, as you know, we've been working hard on a couple of things related to inventory. One is, just making sure that our brands are healthy in the marketplace. So the first priority is making sure that we have more full-price selling, the right level of inventory to maintain the strength of the brand in the marketplace, and be clean coming out of each season going to the next season. So, I'm proud of the work the teams have done. We feel really good about the inventory levels that we have internally but also the inventory across all brands in the marketplace. And I think the indications of sell-through for spring 2018 that we just went through in Q1 indicate that we should be coming out heading into fall holiday season in good shape with UGG. And I can let Steve speak to the specifics, but I think you'll see as we continue to work on the inventory levels, getting a stronger handle on UGG with the allocation and segmentation strategies and making sure that we're fueling the growth in the emerging brands at the same time is going to cause that to rebalance a little bit by brand. But overall, we're feeling good. I'll let Steve take it to the details.
David Powers: Yeah and just one other thing that I think will help over time is, we are starting to implement a level loading approach to the factories and much more management of timing of orders coming instead of preloading big seasons with classics to improve our turns more of a level loading approach and bringing the inventory over the season versus bringing it up front. And I think that'll help improvements in turns over time. With regards to the inventory and then the guidance towards the back half of the year of Q3 for UGG, right now that remains unchanged. We still feel like that's the right guidance. The inventory levels support that. And I think we spoke on the last call about the puts and takes of the allocation strategy, the segmentation strategy, and a bit of an adjustment for weather that we had last year into the guidance. So that remains the same, and I think we're in good position from an inventory standpoint to deliver that.
David Powers: Yeah. It's a great question. I think we have had some orders in spring and summer in the past, but it wasn't necessarily spring and summer product. It would have been more kind of classic or slippers, or continuity product. This is, what's encouraging about this is we're getting some reorders, and the volumes are still small in the scheme of things but in true spring/summer product in a marketplace we're up against some tough competition. So, I think that does speak to obviously the strength of the product, and I think if you look at what's on offer from UGG now compared to what was on offer two years ago, it's dramatically different and much more commercial but also stronger DNA of the brand. And I think it also speaks to the momentum we're making in reaching a newer, younger consumer through our marketing efforts, repositioning of the brand. Again, I think if you look at this from a customer's perspective, it's a different brand presentation in the marketplace than it was a couple years ago. And I think you're starting to see those impact the belief in the UGG brand from our key wholesale accounts and hence the reorders that we saw.
David Powers: Yeah, and the focus of that marketing shift will be UGG's Spring and Summer in men's and driving the HOKA opportunity in a bigger way in the end of Q3 into Q4 heading into FY 2020.
David Powers: Yeah, I think it's multifaceted, Jon. It's a combination of marketplace strategy with regards to kind of core product and continuity product, making sure that we have the right inventory levels in the marketplace, that we are with the right accounts, and that our segmentation strategy is making us meaningful to each account, specifically to their consumer needs. And as you know, we've been working on that for a couple years. I think Stefano and his team have done an incredible job with that particularly in North America, which needed a lot of work, and I think you're seeing the results of that now. And on the brand side, Andrea and the design teams over there and the marketing teams have really done a great job of repositioning the brand to a new consumer with a fresh, new perspective of the brand but also maintaining the connection through our digital marketing efforts and our loyalty program to our core customers at the same time. So – and when you do that, it becomes incremental. And when you bring in new heat and energy to the brand combined with the excitement in the new product and the innovation that we're bringing to the marketplace, I think that's going to continue to drive opportunity for the brand long-term. The third part of that is really going after younger consumer, and that's been a journey we've been on over the last 18, 24 months, again, with product, with marketing, with PR influencers, events, leveraging all those, and some of the collaborations. But also cultivating these new accounts that we talked about in the past such as Footaction, SIX:02, Urban Outfitters, ASOS, et cetera. The heavy lifting that the teams have done to cultivate those opportunities is starting to pay off, and I think that's great and it speaks to the opportunity both in men's and women's for incremental growth going forward.
David Powers: Yeah. And just to add on to that, I think as Steve said, committed to the 2020 targets of 13%, we're laser-focused on that. And beyond that, it'll be a balance of continuing to show earnings accretion but at the same time making sure that we're investing in the opportunities and the brands through our omni-channel network that we've built globally. We see tremendous opportunity still in the brands, particularly HOKA as a main growth driver, and we want to make sure that we are feeling that opportunity as well as maintaining a healthy operating margin.
David Powers: Some of them. The real key drivers of the growth were in sneakers and sandals. And so, we have a great sneaker called the Sammy that has showed continued strength over the last couple quarters and also goes into early Q2 into beginning of Q3, with new iterations of that. The Tye sneaker is another example of something or a style that could be significant in that quarter as well. And then some of the hybrid slipper/shoe styles such as the Haylie and the Lane, those are styles that have relevance in the quarter, but when you start getting into real UGG season, the impact they'll have on the top line will be less so important, but there are styles that have that kind of longevity that we can do meaningful business over couple quarters at a time.
David Powers: You know maintaining the strategy that we talked about, we're continuing to drive towards optimizing the fleet. The long-term targets are fleet, four-wall contribution above 20%. We're well on the way to do that. Pleased with the progress the teams have made around optimizing labor, elevating the presentation and storytelling in the store, improving the inventory of the merchandizing through SKU count management and logistics to the store. So, we're still charging forward with that plan, and I also think that we're making good progress on some lease negotiations that are helping out, improve the profitability of those stores. And so, the targets that we've set late – about 18 months ago we're executing against that; at this point, evaluating it but no real change in long-term strategy.
David Powers: And traffic for the last couple quarters is improving to the levels it has been. It's not necessarily positive every quarter yet but at least it seems to be leveling out and we're getting some gains through ASP and conversion.
David Powers: Yeah, Dana. This is Dave. I can speak a little bit. The international business has been healthy for us. I think from an order perspective speaking to Europe we're seeing continued strength and opportunity in the Germany market still a big opportunity from a reach and also penetration in that market for the UGG brand. The U.K. tends to – is trending a little bit slower right now. They've had some macro issues going on in that marketplace. And we need to make sure we're investing enough marketing dollars to drive the opportunity in resetting the brand there as we have done in the North American marketplace so, we're focused on that. China continues to be a strength for the UGG brand. Our own doors there, the e-commerce business, our partner doors, all performing well. We've made some investments in key celebrities to promote the brand in that marketplace and that's paying off and very pleased with the presentation of the brand in that marketplace. Teva and Sanuk, obviously we did say, we pulled back on Sanuk to focus on North America. Similar story with Teva, although, we are seeing some opportunity in Europe and Japan as well but we're not really aggressively going after those opportunities in lieu of the opportunity that we see with HOKA. HOKA strength in Europe is strong on a growth perspective. Still a lot of opportunity from a volume perspective to have a bigger impact. But the order books are very healthy there as well as Japan. And so, I think really it's consistent by market where Germany seems to be a real strong opportunity for both brands of course, and then China. But the UGG brand is more challenged if anywhere in the U.K. market at the moment.
David Powers: No. Nothing significant. We are in the process of bringing to market more competitive priced products, but that really starts in spring 2019. So, for Q3 this autumn/winter no major changes in pricing.
David Powers: Yeah, I can speak to that. So, it's a number of things that are at play here. One is you're seeing some of our bestselling styles like the Bondi now on its sixth iteration, which has deeper penetration in existing accounts. So we're continuing to take market share for example in the run specialty accounts in North America as well as Europe, as well as some expanded distribution coming out of Europe that is really starting to kick in. And that's the same for the Clifton, which is on its fifth iteration and a new introduction of product this year; the Torrent, which is our most accessible priced trail shoe that just launched which is doing very well, and some of the Mach Collection that we delivered at the end of Q4 into Q1. So that new product or new introductions is helping us penetrate in existing distribution, and at the same time primarily driven out of the European market, we are broadening our reach both in channel but also country and market and reaching new consumers. And those two components of improving on existing bestsellers and then strategic introductions in the new categories focused on distinct consumers is what's driving the growth of that brand.
David Powers: Yeah. And one of the advantages of the Deckers model and the portfolio of brands and leveraging our infrastructure is that we can run the HOKA business relatively lean in leveraging some of the operations that we already have in place for the UGG business over the years. The brand is profitable. It's doing very well from a profit expectation standpoint, despite the over-investment in marketing dollars. So – which I think is important from a sustainability standpoint. When you think about a lot of the digital brands that are having success right now and driving a lot of volume online, they're doing that at expense of profitability because they're over-investing in marketing. We're managing that closely. The teams are doing a great job of leveraging the marketing dollars in a big way, but also being efficient in how we develop product, bring it to market, and I think that's going to serve us well over time. And the other component that will help over time with the margin, the net margin, is a higher growth rate in the e-commerce channel. At the same time, wholesale is growing, which we know is healthier margins as well.
David Powers: Yeah. That's – the rationalization, the heavy lifting, the real heavy lifting of that is most likely behind us. I think the teams are continuing to evaluate what the right amount of stores is for particularly North America. We have closed a few hundred doors over the last 18 months, and are really focusing on the top 15 strategic accounts that are driving the majority of the volume. We'll continue to do that. And I think naturally there'll be some accounts that will close on their own, just continuing through the marketplace disruption that's happening out there, and some that we will make a decision over time. But the real heavy lifting of that is behind us. I'm encouraged and excited about the strategic focus on the top 15 accounts. And then some of the new accounts that we've been cultivating, which I mentioned, Footaction and SIX:02, and this will be the first fall the UGG brand will be sold in the Foot Locker banner. That hasn't happened before, so that's a great opportunity for us going forward. And some of the online players like ASOS in the European market, those accounts for us are small, but I think they present tremendous opportunity and being helped by the fact that we are cleaning up distribution in the marketplace and employing more of a segmentation product strategy into the marketplace as well.
David Powers: Yeah. I think generally speaking across all the brands in the online pure plays as well as some of the online accounts through some of our key wholesale partners, they're all doing well. But we are managing that closely, and making sure that we look at the full marketplace not just at a total level but also by an e-commerce with brick-and-mortar perspective. Generally speaking, I don't have the specifics by brand that I can share with how much they're doing on third-party online business, but I can tell you that the UGG business, between our own e-commerce and third-party e-commerce including Amazon and Zappos, is roughly around the 50% level in North America. Very healthy and I think that's a strength that we can continue to build on going forward.
David Powers: Yeah. It's a great question particularly as these tariff conversations continue to loom. We've been working over the last 18 months, David Lafitte our COO and his teams have done a great job of mitigating risk from a tariff perspective but also allowing us to gain some improvements in margin through the migration out of China. And I'm pleased to say that now we have about a third of our production is in China, which is a dramatic improvement from where we were a couple of years ago. That will continue to come down. We're still looking at opportunities to further migrate out of China. And so we're very pleased with how that's working. And I will say, from a FY 2019 perspective if there were any changes in tariffs we feel that we've mitigated risks by bringing some inventory a little bit earlier in line with the quarter expectations. But the work the teams have done over the last 18-24 months to afford us some better margins and also to mitigate risk is very strong.
David Powers: Yeah. So, I'll just go back on the inventory. I think we answered most of that with the first question. But again, we see inventory moving in the right direction down a little over 1% this year compared to last year. Bigger reductions in UGG as we continue to improve the inventory management with our UGG brand. We did see increases with HOKA and Koolaburra but that's associated with the sales increases that we're seeing, as we build those brands and deliver more product in the upcoming quarters.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. So just on the inventory, right, Camilo, as you mentioned, with increasing sales we're showing improvement in inventory down little over 1%. Embedded in that we've made really good progress with our UGG inventory management so clearly down more than that. It's being partially offset by increases from our growing brands, so being HOKA and Koolaburra where we have those brands growing pretty significantly this year. We're seeing increased inventory as we begin to prepare for fulfilling those orders. And in terms of how we see this as a setup for the year, improvement in inventory management going into the season, inventory in the channel as we see it and reported back to us is very clean. I think also when we look at the fact that we did have $10 million of orders move up a little bit earlier so into Q1 from Q2 indicates, again, how clean the inventory is in the channel and that we've got wholesalers who want our product and taking it a little bit earlier. So, from an inventory standpoint, we think we're well positioned to get after the year. I think the quarter kind of, again, demonstrates the success that we've had with our spring/summer product and the inventory that we're carrying around that, good strong sell-in, and then we're also seeing good, strong sell-through in the quarter. And then we'll continue to bring inventory in, as we build to the big part of our season, but we think we're in a good position.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. So, in terms of what you're seeing on the OpEx beat in Q1, largely marketing and there are a few other things that were falling into that. So, what we're going to do is – with the strong revenue we see that as an opportunity to move some of that marketing expense into the back half of the year. So what we've done is kind of moved, redeployed some of that marketing dollars that we had in Q1 moving really to the back half of the year. And so that's really the kind of the bulk of the difference. There's some other – a few other kind of puts and takes largely timing-related, but the big component I would say is marketing expense.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah, I think – good question, Jon. I think as we're looking at it, one, we're confident in the progress that we've made, and I think the quarter kind of, again, demonstrates the path that we're on marching to that long-term target where we've said by FY 2020 13% operating margins. So I think first off, we want to get there. We're well on our way. We've identified really the areas that are going to help drive that. It's more corporate efficiencies; some of our retail store optimization will drive that improvement. So that's kind of top of mind, continuing to drive that. I think beyond that, it's still early. We're going to still work through our long-range plan. But as we then begin to look beyond that and see some sales growth, there's more efficiencies within our overhead spend and then an ability to lever that spend as we get to more kind of more robust revenue growth. So first off, kind of let's get to our targets that we've set. We're well on our way. A lot of confidence about how we're getting there and what we're doing, and then beyond that, kind of finding efficiencies but then creating leverage as we get to more robust revenue growth in the future.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. We haven't given kind of any more details on that, but yeah, absolutely we're on that timeline. We continue to see that as an attractive way to return value to shareholders. When you look at the numbers and what we're delivering, we think it's a great way to deliver some of that value back to our shareholders. So on track for that. As you mentioned, we have $241 million left as of June 30 and with the intention that that would be completed by the end of FY 2020.
Steven J. Fasching: And I just think – yeah, Jim, on that we are seeing improvements in the retail store performance so...
Steven J. Fasching: ...part of the performance that you're seeing come through, too, is driven by improvement that we're seeing on the retail front. It's driving DTC.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. I think, yeah, as we look at it, we saw some of this happen last year actually in the quarter. We actually saw a little bit more last year than this year. I think it's an indication of how clean the channel has been. And there is kind of a result of this sell-through that we're seeing. So, we're seeing sell-through, which is creating reorders and customers wanting product a little bit earlier.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. Sure. So, I think your – we saw a big jump in Q1. We haven't really assumed much change from what we said from the original guidance. So, kind of no change there. You won't necessarily see – you won't see the same level of FX, right? So, on Q1 it was a big impact. That was because the year-over-year rates were more significant in terms of the change. What we expect at current levels is we kind of get closer to what the other quarters were last year, so you're not going to have that same level of increase due to FX. We still expect a little bit of improvement through supply chain initiatives. That's what's helping drive some of that improvement and in fact I think when we get to the back half – we haven't given details on that but there will be some FX pressure that will be a headwind for us kind of in the back half as it relates to FX. So, that's kind of how you get to where we're at on a full year basis, not changing from what we've previously said. A little bit more supply chain initiative improvements that will happen over the next couple of quarters. As we get to the back half of the year there will be a little bit of FX pressure. And one of the things that we did see kind of in Q1 that also contributed was really good full price selling. One of the things that we have in our guidance, as you mentioned, was not changing the thoughts around promotion and closeout business. So, assuming more of that this year than what we had last year that will also be a headwind on some of the gross margins in the latter half of the year.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. DTC comp for the year is still flat to last year. So, we had positive low-single-digits that we're guiding on Q2 and then kind of mid-single-digit, 6% DTC in Q1 and for the year kind of flattish assumption.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. So, as we see with HOKA, very good gross margins. What we've said is kind of similar gross margins in the wholesale channel that we see with UGG, so very, very strong gross margins. As a mix of business has an impact on the overall business, so with HOKA having a higher proportion of wholesale...
Steven J. Fasching: ...but in like channels, HOKA matches up very well with our best-performing margin brands, especially UGG. And the other compelling component about HOKA clearly is we get more return business and reorder business online. We get really good e-commerce margins through the HOKA replenishment cycle. So, really pleased with margins that we're getting with HOKA, and they are helping drive profitability in the business.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah and from a segmentation and allocation standpoint the feedback from our wholesale accounts has been very positive. This is a win-win strategic play for us because we get to have each account with something specific or special to them and their consumer and who they're going after. And also segment from a good, better, best perspective in the marketplace. So, for example, this fall we've segmented the Bailey Bow to premium doors and DTC versus a year ago it was in all accounts. So if anybody asks for it, we would sell it to them last year. This year, we're segmenting it to specific accounts, and that gives them something that's unique to their distribution that they can really get behind, and help segment the marketplace overall. So, it's working well for us. You know, again, we need to continue down the path of developing specific product for each of those accounts and each of those channels, which takes a little bit of time due to our go-to-market pipeline. But the early days of that work is proving to be successful and I think that's going to be a key way of working closer with our top 15 strategic partners, and better managing the marketplace for the long term.
