Steven Fasching: Sure, Camilo. I'll go first and then maybe Dave can jump in. Absolutely kind of what you said we are taking a look at. So with inventory down 13% we are comfortable with where we have inventory. As I said, at the onset of the pandemic, we did make some strategic reductions in styles. What we've seen really over the course of the last six months is an acceleration on certain styles, specifically, kind of slipper/sandal categories, we've done very well. And as a result of that we have run short. Now, in the time since then, we have looked to bring more inventory in and we're in the process of doing that. So, we intend to bring more inventory in this quarter, as well as Q4 that will help kind of fill out some of those shortages on styles, colors, sizes. But if there's disruption that will create some challenges logistically, so we're doing a lot to overcome that. We're bringing things in kind of as quickly as we can with those identified styles and where we may be short, we are steering customers to styles that we have more in stock on. So all of the above, right? We want to take advantage of the brand heat that we have going, the consumer demand that's out there for these styles. We want to use that then as an opportunity where we have scarcity to push him into other products that we do have in style.
Steven Fasching: Yes, exactly. To your question on kind of longer term, we're looking at this right now. We just had a conversation with the Board a few weeks ago. I guess the best way to think about it is we're committed and we've proven that over the last three plus years to this mid teens operating margin. But there is going to have to have to be some investment in the next coming, one to two years to be able to take advantage of the opportunities that we're now seeing. Our long-term strategy through COVID has actually probably been accelerated with the shift to e-commerce, younger consumers coming in, the increase marketing spend. But we're going to need to invest in, further capabilities to optimize that e-commerce engine even more than we already have to provide better dead data and analytics, capabilities, systems improvements, and just continue to fuel the growth of these brands through marketing, our marketing is paying off tremendously right now and we increased our marketing spend over the past quarter by 30%. So this is one of those situations where, the engine is firing on all cylinders, but we need to keep it going. So I would say we're, you can count on us to deliver on mid tier operating margins, whether we get up, above 16%, 17%, 18%. The opportunity is there but it all depends on how fast we're going to have to invest in the mid-short to mid-term to be able to keep the top line going at, what we're shooting for is high single digits, double-digit percent growth over the next few years.
Steven Fasching: Yes, and I think, Paul, just to add on that, I think the other thing on the constraints is really third party logistics, so we are hearing from third party freight companies logistics constraints. And that's going to be really universal. So that is one thing we're keeping a close eye on. So one is kind of constraints within really what we control, but also what's outside of our control. And we are seeing signals around that. So that's something that we're going to watch carefully, and look to find alternatives to work around some of those situations. Kind of on the marketing, just to add to what Dave said, where we are marketing to certain styles that may be low on inventory, there is an opportunity to shift some of that marketing. So to the first question to Camilo said, we can start to shift some of that marketing to product that we have in stock. So we have an opportunity to kind of move that in stock. And then I think the other important component is really our international reset. We can use money. So this is not just about domestic, it's about how we can accelerate some of our international reset, and deploying some of that marketing money around to kind of repositioning our brands and products and awareness in the international markets.
Steven Fasching: Yes, so Jon, again, we're not giving guidance. What I wanted to call really to attention is, we're dealing -- we're kind of in the middle of a pandemic we're dealing with constraints. And so we have seen growth in the first half. As I mentioned, and mentioned on last call, we're looking and did successfully move some product in Q2 that would traditionally go in Q3. And so it really depends. And again, it kind of this is again, why we're not giving guidance is, it depends on what happens. If it's a clean Q3, but given everything we're seeing, it's hard to see no disruption in Q3, that's how we're kind of looking at UGG and planning for it. So, that's -- I just want to provide a little bit of caution as we think about it, there's been some shifting in product. We have, because of the onset conservative cuts that we made in terms of inventory, we're up against some constraints on inventory. So we're going to do the best that we can, but it's going to be work, and we're working against some external factors that we're going to have little control over.
Steven Fasching: The strength of DTC, upside from a percent growth perspective is more dramatic in UGG, HOKA is more just kind of holding steady as the trends that they've been on. But the UGG business from a DTC perspective is super strong.
Steven Fasching: Yes, Dix. Yes, so yes, the 11 store test has been going very well. They're very pleased. The sell-through has been strong. We tested with them, it was like three or four years ago, a small test and the results were not good. It's a whole different ballgame now. So again, we're managing that relationship, closely pleased with the results and what they're selling. We're not looking to expand dramatically with those with that account just yet. Again, it's just very strategical and methodical approach as to how and if we go much bigger in Dix, but so far, the results are very promising. In down the road, we're also exploring opportunities with the Footlocker banner as well, early and ongoing conversations there yet, but still, really cautious about the timing of when we go into those new accounts.
Steven Fasching: It's right across from the NBA store on Fifth Avenue. Tremendous location, highly visible two floors, lots of windows, great foot traffic, both local and tourists going by there. It's our largest store ever. Two floors and it's going to showcase all the ready to wear a new store design be much more fashion, focused than we have been in the past, lots of color and excitement. And then some great storytelling an experience for the brand with an elevated service model for omnichannel capabilities and testing a lot there and then a new mobile POS system to go along with that. So there's a lot to be excited about. Obviously, the timing, we wish was better. But this will be a catalyst for the brand globally. And we'll be looking to roll out the new store concept to key partners and other flagship locations, as time permits over for the time is right over the next coming years. But, there's great storytelling that we're going to be able to do and I'm excited for everybody listening and the consumer to go in and experience the other ready to wear collection and a new look for the face of UGG.
Dave Powers: Yes, that's exactly right and we're seeing the consumer shift to other products and other categories. But generally speaking, whether it's slippers, classics, fashion boots, winter boots, we're seeing strong sell-through particularly in DTC but also at wholesale of all the categories, including ready to wear. So the demand for the brand, at a high level remains very strong, as you see in the accelerated interest over the quarter. Younger consumers are adopting the brand at new levels. We've increased our rate of 18 to 34-year-olds by over 180% for the quarter. And we're chasing the inventory where we can. So we feel confident that if there's no logistics disruptions, we'll be in good place. I think it's a healthy place for our brand to be in this chase mode. And, while we're focused on delivering Q3, we're really focused on the long term health of the brand, and the setup that this demand and healthy marketplace means for us over the long-term. We're just seeing a lot of potential right now.
Dave Powers: I'll go, so this is Steve, I'll go first. Really kind of as we think about where we're at, on the inventory and cancellations, it's why we're not giving guidance, right? We don't know what's going to happen, what kind of at wholesale. If everything holds up, can you, we won't have the cancellation issue. If things get more challenging from a logistics standpoint, some retail is closed, there may be cancellation. So that's really what we want to see kind of over the course of the next couple of weeks. I think it's too early to tell, and kind of why we're holding off on guidance.
Dave Powers: Yes, I would say so far, the teams have done an incredible job which I referenced in the script on managing our distribution and our logistics to date. We've had to put in place social distancing measures. We've had to pay more to employees for hazard pay, et cetera and recruiting has been a challenge. So they've done an incredible job working through this and working with the order book and the sales team to balance deliveries. So far, we haven't seen major disruptions, but the level of put through that we're going through right now is nothing compared to what's coming in the next couple months. And so that's really when the capacity of taking inbound deliveries that are in some cases delayed because of logistics from Asia Pacific, into the DC and at the same time turning around and putting product into the marketplace. That's where the pinch could come in the next couple of months and that's what we're really mindful of and planning for. So haven't seen major disruptions yet, within our control. We have seen them in logistics, but we're feeling confident of our ability to manage through it, but as Steve said, there's still so much uncertainty coming up ahead of us. With regards to kind of marketing, we are very surgical in our marketing, now. We have a center of excellence on digital marketing and spend around the world and we, navigate based off return on spend by brand channel and region. And so, we're cautious of the fact that where there may be constraints on upsides due to marketing, and we're putting our marketing dollars in places where we know we'll get the payoff such as HOKA to continue to grow that brand and you saw the 80% plus percent growth in Q2. In different markets, we're releasing some money to continue to assist international and the transition of the UGG brand and just, we're testing at the same time. So the marketing is paying off. We're adopting a younger consumer. We're getting multiple purchases from a younger consumer within the quarter. Normally, we wouldn't see purchases for UGG products more than once a year, traditionally a classic style. But now we're getting people, many consumers that bought the Fluff earlier in Q2 came back and purchased the UGG Clear. So the marketing is paying off. It's driving overall brand and awareness and buzz about the brand. I don't have a lot of concerns about missing sales and wasting marketing spend. I think we're very efficient on that and very targeted, and so far, it seems to be working really well.
Dave Powers: Yes, and as we said in Q1 call, and we'll continue to stay focused on, we want to take this opportunity to steal market share wherever we can. So we want to stay aggressive on marketing, continued to drop innovative, exciting products in the marketplace, bringing in younger consumers and we're going to have to continue to spend marketing dollars to do that. But it's really now about scaling the global opportunity based on the success that we're seeing in the domestic market.
Dave Powers: Yes, so ready to wear for UGG is less than 10%. It's mostly high single digits right now. It's a small business right now, but this ready to wear launch for us was really a test, a proof of concept test and the results have been phenomenal. The price points are perfect. The styling and the detailing is resonating with a younger consumer. And we launched it primarily in DTC and with Nordstrom and it was the first time, Nordstrom’s ever put us on their landing page for apparel. They're incredibly pleased with the sell-through. We've had a lot of accounts calling trying to get their hands on the product. So for us what this means is there's just a lot of opportunity on this category in the next three to five years. So now we're just another opportunity for us to invest in design and creative talent and go-to-market talent for that category. So small, but very exciting from a launch perspective. HOKA apparel is even smaller. That's really early stages of development there. We are working with some folks externally to bring in some more talent to ramp that up. But the $500 million, the $1 billion numbers that we've put out there, we don't believe those need an apparel business to hit those targets. So it would be incremental to that. Those kinds of numbers at this point, but early days of HOKA, it's less than probably 3% of total sales.
Dave Powers: Yes and then the setup for q4 and spring product looks promising as well. But it all depends on how we're able to get through q3 before we get to that point.
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll go first. What we've said historically, in its channel, compared to UGG, it is a little bit better. And so as the proportion of HOKA the gross margin implications are that, if we don't get into situations where we're having to discount, again we're dealing with a brand that is on fire, growing 80% of course [ph] which is crazy. We can hold full price selling. So as long as we can do that margins are by equivalent channel compared to UGG slightly better, but at the same time, then we're also spending more on marketing. So as a brand that is still being discovered by many, we spend considerably more on developing HOKA and brand awareness and consumer awareness with that brand. So from a gross margin standpoint, as long as the brand is hot and continues to grow like it is, and there's little promotion around that brand, it is incrementally positive. But at the same time, we're also investing considerably more in developing that brand and building that brand.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think I'll jump in on that. So keep in mind that, some of the deliveries and the business that we had intended to do in Q1 for HOKA ended up happening in Q2, because the wholesale being closed for most of the Q1, so hence, the 80 plus percent growth. But from an internal perspective, we don't have a lot of constraints on HOKA, the inventory, we're chasing the inventory as fast as we can, we're in pretty good shape heading into the back half of the year and inventory in HOKA. And the demand is still there, it's really relying more on kind of the macro environment, and an external factors for us.
Dave Powers: Sorry, just the biggest challenge that we're facing is just the, it’s really last seven to eight weeks of the quarter on UGG where DTC ramps up dramatically. And at the same time, we're inbounding product and shipping out to wholesalers. It's that period of time where that's where we're exercising caution here, because there's so many different factors that could implement, get in the way of that being successful. But that's an UGG dynamic, less so on HOKA.
Dave Powers: Yes, it's a good question. I would say it's probably low single digits, under 5%, but healthy, sustainable, full price sales growth. And what's encouraging for me right now is to see, again, how many new young consumers have now adopted UGG into their consideration set, and they're choosing to come to our website, they're looking for new product, they're bright, they're buying from our websites more than once in a quarter across categories. We even see a healthy mix of consumers who bought footwear and ready to wear. We haven't seen that before. And so I think, if you look at the success of the Fluff franchise in the slipper or sandal, hybrid phenomenon that we've created, there's still a lot of longevity in that trend. It's less about being inside in slippers, and it's more about fashion. The amount of new consumers we have in our database and our ecosystem that we can now manage for an optimized the lifetime value of those consumers. The excitement that's happening in men's, we're launching Fluff product for men's, in the next couple of weeks with an exciting ambassador that you'll see shortly, the ready to wear opportunity. And if we can get international through their transformation and heading to positive territory again, you could see this as pretty healthy, sustainable, long-term growth. And we're optimistic but where the brand is, it's the healthiest and most exciting I've seen it since I've been here over eight years and so we feel good about the potential going forward.
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll take that one. Again, we haven't given guidance. But I think the way to think about really kind of the back half is you start getting up against the kind of bigger numbers. So Q1, Q2 are huge on a percentage basis, because those tend to be kind of smaller quarters. And now as you get into really the back half, you're up against kind of bigger numbers. So the expansion that you saw in the first half is not necessarily indicative of what you'll see in the second half. Clearly, we're going to have similar impacts from the changing dynamic. The impact will not be as much as what you saw, really, in the first half.
Dave Powers: Well, I think, you know, it's obviously still founded in core authentic running and continuing to be a leader in that category. In some cases, we're seeing, we're number two, in some cases, number one market share already, but the difference between us and the number one, market share holder, which tends to be Brooks, generally speaking, we could almost double our market share, and still be neck-and-neck with Brooks. So there's still a lot of opportunity in the core run specialty channel. The two things that get me most excited are just the expansion to a broader set of consumers. So it's, more, consumers that aren't just buying it just for running, it's everyday athletics or lifestyle. And we're starting to see, that broad base of consumers being attracted to the brand, for the performance attributes that it provides. We still want to keep our distribution tight. We're focusing on our tight ecosystem of very selected wholesale partners key accounts, and then driving e-commerce. So we can optimize that business for the long term. But I think the real unlocked to the $1 billion is continued acceleration of our EMEA business, particularly online. We've made quite a few investments over the last year to allow the e-commerce business there to flourish, and we seeing positive results on that, but it's still small compared to the US. And then I think when you think beyond $1 billion, it's really Asia Pacific, and we're just getting started in China. Obviously, that's a massive opportunity for us. But, we think we can get to that $1 billion mark with real strong growth continuing in the U.S. and accelerated growth in EMEA and then beyond that is just, even more upside once we get into those territories in Asia Pacific and newer categories.
Dave Powers: Yep, sure, Sam. So UGG wholesale for the quarter was $292 million, HOKA was $108 million, Teva was $18 million, Sanuk was $6 million all else was call it $28 million and then our DTC was $172 million.
Dave Powers: Yes, in my sense, it's been obviously challenged because of the COVID situation, both in Europe and Asia Pacific, particularly China. That being said, we have seen some signs of promise with category adoption. So the phenomenon of the Fluff franchise in the U.S. hasn't really hit Europe or China yet. But in the last weeks of the quarter, we're starting to see some excitement around those categories, younger consumers positive strong sell-through of those categories, but also the brand. So, the increased marketing, the focus on PR, and collaborations, the new ambassador that we signed in China, those are all so far showing positive results, not big enough to move the total country needle because we still have some scarcity, work to do as far as resetting the classics business. But people are starting to see these, the UGG brand as a more fashion relevant brand than they have in the past. So I would say you'll start to see return to growth probably next fall in those markets and gives us, an indication of where we can go from there. But I think the work that the teams are doing right now, and the way we're shifting investments in our approach to be tailored to each of those markets, is working well. The teams are doing a great job. And I think you'll start to see, like I said that return to growth probably next fall into the FY '22 and beyond.
Dave Powers: Yes, it is. Yes, it is really more just about constraints. So one will be from a, from retail how much traffic is allowed in stores, some of the mall based stores? What do the malls look like? Can people get in? So that's going to be kind of the one constraint. And then I would say, as I mentioned before, just externally, it will be what shipping capacity looks like. So the more we can direct e-commerce, and the more we can capture early is beneficial, right? It helps us navigate, I think some of the what I'll say are macro level constraints that are more out of our control, we're doing the best that we can kind of that's under our control, which is really about inventory management, bringing more product in this year than we did a year ago, and a quarter where we have constraints as we have lower inventory going into Q3. So those are all the things that we're working with, and trying to get to the consumer the demands there. They're showing up online. We are confident in our ability to kind of fulfill that if there are not constraints in place, but we know there's going to be some, so…
Dave Powers: Yes, so it's more wholesale focus, just be able to get inventory through the pipeline and chasing inventory. DTC, we still think we'll be able to have -- show some growth there. We're up against big numbers last year. If you remember, last year was a very strong quarter for us, particularly in DTC and stores. So that velocity is going to be hard to comp, but we're confident that DTC continued to be strong. And the last thing I'll say, before we end the call, and all this is 15%. growth in this environment is exceptional, but I can't stress enough how hard it is, and how hard people are working to ship to be able to cover this kind of increased demand and our distribution centers and our online businesses and chase this inventory is really hard to do. And I give our teams a ton of credit to be able to do that. And we're heading into, the biggest, you know, in some ways, the demand for our brands has never been stronger, but we're heading into the most uncertainty we've ever faced. And we have more demand on our website in our straining our systems than we've ever seen before. We're handling it extremely well so far. But like I said, when we get into these last few weeks of November into December, and that pinch point, for getting product to consumers, that's the area that we're really cautious about. Because this is hard work and being able to ship this quickly with those kinds of shifts in consumer demand is a strain and we're handling it well. But that's where we're focusing on providing some caution there.
