Tom George: Thank you.Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: I was wondering if you guys could comment a little bit on your strategy to offset the 5 to 10% cost increases on the easy coming down the road, if there are – I would think some margin mix benefits from the retail expansion, the distribution, aversion internationally. I'm wondering what you're also thinking in terms of ASPs. And then secondly just curious about what you're thinking at all is change on your own direct to consumer, the retail stores, given the success there, if you might be thinking longer term about what that footprint might look like globally, has that change? And I guess I'll just stop there with those questions.
Tom George: I will add that if you look at, and you ask the other question about retail as you look at the success of our retail operation, we can see that we have successful formula there. We've develop a pretty solid operating capability. We're in a good position as a brand that's in demand around the world and we're able to secure locations and premium locations inside cities, et cetera. We've still been, I would probably say cautious on the evolution of our retail business justifiably so in this economy but it continues to perform us and with continued performance, you'll see more aggressiveness from us as we move through 2011 on this front.Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: That's great and well, good luck and all the best.
Tom George: Yes. Those are the bigger items really. They're not that many other puts and takes. Teva being direct, that Teva the second quarter is a lower quarter for Teva so that was, but still roughly 70 to 100 basis points.Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Tom George: Not as much as you think because we were up a little bit higher relative to expectations but as a percentage of sales compared to a year ago, it's about constant.Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then on your SG&A guidance for Q3 and 4, I look at SG&A in dollar terms. I think it was up around 11 million in Q2 year-over-year. Based on your sales and SG&A guidance the percentage of sales, it looks like that's going to ramp up to somewhere in the 21 million range in Q3 before dropping back down to 11 million in Q4. I don't know if I did my math correct or not. But can you talk a little bit of, a bit why the big bump in Q3? I'm assuming that has something to do with your transition in Europe.
Tom George: Some relative to the transition in Europe, but really more there's not just Europe. We've been direct in Japan for awhile. We've got some ramping up in Japan. We've got some expansions and international marketing. The stores, there is five more stores. There is six more stores operating this year relative to year ago, but there's also the startup cost relative to getting eight more stores …Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Yes.
Tom George: To open up in the fourth quarter. And then there's, now that we're direct with Teva and the Benelux, there's some additional cost there. There's also some volume driven cost. Those are the main drivers that are driving that.Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the UGG business, you mentioned in your comments, 100 million plus in each of the first two quarters that's new for the company. Q2 really stands out for me, I think up 35%. Could you talk a little bit about what really drove that's a pretty big sequential improvement from what you saw in the first quarter.
Tom George: It's pretty much a pre-book business with the exception of some very core styles, but generally speaking it's a pre-book business.Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Got it. Okay. Thanks, good luck.
Tom George: Yes. I got it right here. So, for the quarter by segment, UGG wholesale was obviously the strongest one at 33.6 million. Teva was close to 7 million. The other brands were just a little bit below zero, good improvement relative to the prior year. eCommerce is relatively flat. Keep in mind, eCommerce and I'm going to give you a retail number as well, assumes that most of the cost is the wholesale cost that does include the vertical margin. The vertical margin was with that UGG wholesale number. So, the eCommerce was relatively breakeven. The retail store second quarter is the worst quarter for retail stores. On a wholesale basis, it's slightly below breakeven and then we got the other corporate overhead cost or whatnot that you plug in there that takeaway from the rest of the income at operating segments.Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Thank you very much and continued success.
Tom George: Yes. Relative to the euro over year comparisons, there shouldn't be as much of a down relative to the prior years of moving to the third quarter and the fourth quarter, this should be. But at the same time, we expect the continued to manage inventories well for the third quarter; it should be down some probably not down as much as it was in the second quarter. And then the fourth quarter, that's all the function and how reorders go and how retail stores go as well. So, that's a tough for one to call.Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: And on Angel for you, I guess what you're sort of view of the sort of consumer environment, what we tell is – they've been telling you is they kind of think about the second half in their commitment to inventory and buys and any, I guess sort of initial blush thought as you think about spring, particularly for the UGG business as you continue to evolve the spring line just in terms of the maybe some color into the commentary you're getting from retailers.
Tom George: Yes, Chris. This is Tom. We're still evaluating on acquisition opportunities and being very patient there, so there is directly there's always a time that if something doesn't come along we switch gears. But we're just going to be patient there, we've done – we're doing obviously very well. We get great returns on capital with our current business. So, we're going to be cautious from that point of view. At some point in time, if something doesn't come along we continue to build the large cash balances that we have and we will have to consider some other uses of that cash that which may include further share repurchases or dividends or some other kind of returns to shareholders.Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you very much and good luck.
Tom George: Yes. As part of that overall strategy, we're looking at materials, trying to find common materials we can across all brands and therefore you get better quantities and therefore lower unit cost and we've been constantly looking at ways to control the cost of our distribution space and monitoring how quickly we add distribution space. There's constantly evaluating given our growth, what we're paying for our freight and what not, trying to make sure we're very competitive from that point of view. And then just one other thing is going to drive profits as we work on trying to reduce our cycle times, we'll be able to order products or to close or consume the preferences for models, which that in turn at the end results and lower markdowns, fewer closeouts and higher margins.
Tom George: Just sort of to discuss a little bit more of the metrics and the dynamics, I mean one thing that we have been doing at our website as part of the effort expand awareness of the brand and drive even some business to our wholesale partners is we have been spending some more marketing money on the e-commerce as well as we're working on the backroom infrastructure so to speak in getting prepared to be able to have some higher velocity so to speak with e-commerce. So that is – it's more of an operating expense kind of some additional investments that have been causing it to get more like breakeven on a very low quarter, keep in mind second quarter is a very low quarter.
Angel Martinez: Okay, Todd. To the first question, in terms of our strategy, you really hit on a lot of the major levers so to speak on what we have to work with. I mean we're addressing global pricing, we're addressing the fact that we're direct now in the U.K. and there's been a luck spur for UGG that that will provide an opportunity as well to improve our margin as well as the reevaluate our strategy in terms of the pace and amount of our retail store expansion. So, those are all the things that we're addressing. In this point in time, it's still in process. It's still early in our 2011 planning process, so that's about all I can talk about now relative to that until we get further along that process and see the impact.
Angel Martinez: Let me add to that, we have been sourcing Vietnam for several years now, obviously, to some pretty spectacular results in terms of product quality and delivery. So, it's an ongoing evolution. I would strategically add that over the next few years you'll see a diversity of manufacturing across the globe as facilities become available in addition from a design and development point of view will be developing products that offer a better opportunity to diversify manufacturing, in many cases more simplified constructions, product innovation and design innovation are going to become very important in assuring that we're still able to hit the price lines better appropriate for the consumers.Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Should we be thinking about 2011 as a year in which we begin to leverage some of the infrastructure investments that are being made in 2010 or should we think of it as another year in which as you take over more of the distribution, there is still the potential for de-leveraging.
Angel Martinez: So, I think – we are continuing to evaluate let other markets we can look at going forward, Todd, from a going direct point of view. I think it's still a little bit early in the process as we walk to some of those levers we talked about earlier relative to the gross margin before we get down that path. That's sort of a little bit early in our process to be sort of a kin to giving some guides for 2011 because we're really not prepared to do that at this point in time.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Few questions on maybe, Tom, on your Q2 gross margin, which was up 450 basis points. It looks like about half of that was due to the 3.1 million in duty refunds. Can you talk about the other half? Could you be maybe quantify the impact of, that Teva going direct and the few are closed outs and were there any other sort of puts and take within that number that are worth calling out maybe quantifying as well.
Angel Martinez: Let me address that. I think that as (inaudible) really has done part and partial with managing cost as well that's why we've maintained the operating margins at the level we have. I've benefited from having experience in a (inaudible) environment in my previous business career and learn the hard way that you have to pay attention to both at the same time. In this environment, it is very difficult to just drive growth and then expect that you'll e able to go back and fix all of the overlooked problems and overlooked opportunities because your organization at that point and the structure you've built may not even allow you that opportunity by then. So, you've got to sort of build it. It's a purpose built kind of structure that we have here, where cost is always a consideration and a major factor in how we're driving growth versus just blindly driving growth for growth sake.
Angel Martinez: Yes. Yes, I think a big part of it will have to be with diversity of the product line. We had initially a product that was more heavily perceived as a fall/winter product and (inaudible) so was driven by classic for the most part. We now have a much more diversified product offering. We knew when we had that, that we could diversify the geographic penetration, but we've had retailers across a variety of regions that Dillard's, for example, is one significant presence in the South of Southeast. They've step up with excellent presentation of UGG product and retail. And we've proven that the product sells through year round in those environments. So, that's been very, very helpful and the more success say at Dillard's has the more that influences the local independent specialty retailer as well as other department store competitor. So, it's been a well-orchestrated expansion geographically combined with very strategic expansion of the product line to facilitate that.
Angel Martinez: Yes just relative to that for next year. So just to confirm it for 2010 we're locked in, for spring of 2011 we're further locked in for the most part. For the back half of the year we are – that's the season, so that's where you're looking at some cost increases.
Angel Martinez: That 5% to 10% number was more different models, some higher volume models, but still you have to be determined really as we're finishing our 2011 planning process just what the next would be. So I'd like to sort of stick with the range.
Angel Martinez: Yes, from domestic versus international everything that I've read, our domestic retailers are a little more nervous than the international retailer has been. I think that we're starting to see expansion of that sort of nervousness in Europe but a brand like us is considered fairly – it's fairly premium, somewhat exclusive, not a lot of competition for price, it's a very desirable brand for retailers outside the United States. We're following the same method we followed here with selected distribution. So we've worked very hard to try to put a plan together and offer a product line that protects the margins for the retailers who want them to make money obviously. The other thing is that we're still relatively speaking up very penetrated in Europe and certainly in Japan. So we are something new something very different and there's one thing I hear from every retailer at every level we need new, we need fresh, we got to excite the consumer, you're giving us that and if you're giving us that we'll continue to grow with you and that's really been the exciting story of this spring and we think based on the lead we're getting for our line for the fall, we're going to get the same kind of enthusiasm.
Angel Martinez: Let me address part of it and then Tom can jump in. I think one of the things that we philosophically have always wanted to do with our e-commerce business is first of all provide an opportunity for consumers to educate themselves about the brands, all the brands and all the product lines. We've never looked at our e-commerce business as a vehicle to promote and compete directly with our retailers. Our philosophy was really almost to do e-commerce as a facility for the consumer to access our brands. We don't do any kind of promotional calendar on e-commerce. We're not every day with free freight and those are the tools that are conventional e-commerce retailer is getting to utilize every day. I mean free freight is a normal thing now and we don't offer it. So when we don't offer it the consumer educate themselves about our brand on the UGG website and then perhaps goes to zapples.com if they have it in stock and buys it from them. We've been okay with that. We think that the approach that we've taken has built our business, established a lot of really positive consumer insight about our product line and we don't really have any plan to get any more aggressive than we have been on that front. It's not part of our long term strategy.
Angel Martinez: I will also add that if you take a look strategically at what we've been doing, we've been developing capability and capacity to reach our consumer, very important. The e-commerce division via retail, via our wholesale partners and the brand presentation and even shopping shops, that going forward, who knows that – I don't really – I can't predict – I don't crystal ball to know what the world of regular retail is going to do in the coming years. But I will say this that we are stronger than ever at reaching our consumer in every way that we need to and I think it positions us very nicely in that diversified approach. No matter what happens in the marketplace we're going to be able to reach our consumer and we'll be able to reach them in multiple ways and ways in which they want to be doing business with us.
Angel Martinez: Yes we are very happy with performance of the brand and the sale this year. I'd say we are not getting very specific as we intend not to do that, it's for Nordstrom to disclose. But I'd say our performance is consistent with where we were last year and we're very happy with that.Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: The fashion items, it's a good read for fall.
Angel Martinez: No, actually I would say it's the one thing we can report and we have been reducing the licenses out there over the last couple of years. The success of our license in cold weather accessories with the (inaudible) company has been extraordinary; they've done a wonderful job. As you know, we've been taking on the development and production of our own outerwear and we're very happy with the progress we've made there and continue to develop that idea and there really aren't any other areas where licensing is going to play a role.
Angel Martinez: Well, it's a great question. We have a new senior head of marketing in the organization and her name is Jessica Buttimer. She is an exceptionally talented and experienced brand marketer, came to us from Clorox. And so the answer to the question in short is yes, there are going to be new initiatives begun. We have already begun consumer insight initiative worldwide that began actually early in the year. We have extracted, I think it was mentioned on the call, we have extracted a tremendous amount of insight already about our brand in particular and the opportunities we have from a demographic perspective to reach people. You'll see us get more aggressive about the men's business. We think that's a pretty significant opportunity. I think you'll see the beginning of some of that in the fall. I think you'll see us diversifying the marketing mix. We have a lot of opportunity with – I think it's close to 350,000 of fans on Facebook that have grown organically. We've really not orchestrated that. We don't drive that very well yet. You'll see us make a move in that direction to solidify that opportunity. So across the board we're just working at getting closer to our consumer and understanding what they want from all of our brands and then make sure that the product that we develop is consistent with those expectations, which – that's the basic blocking and tackling of marketing that I think we've done well so far but now we get to diversify into new markets with new consumer demographic profiles and I think that bodes well. To me that's an exciting part, you build the brand on a foundation and then you get to diversify into new areas; so marketing allows you to do that.
Angel Martinez: Well, you hit on two big ones; cold weather is something we've done extremely well with the last few seasons. If you ask any of our retailers, the number one response they'll give you is yes, I loved it, (inaudible) could not get anywhere near enough of it. So our idea is well, let's not just make more of it, anybody can do that; let's make a better product, let's make more compelling products, let's make products that functions better. So you're going to see an evolution of our cold weather product that is pretty exciting. It's still UGG and its core but it's going to be more technical. It's going to have a different level of appeal to a sophisticated consumer relies on that kind of product to be outdoors. As you can imagine, it's a little stretch of the imagination living in Santa Barbara but I did spend a lot of years in New England, so I have a (inaudible) cold wet feet. The other aspect on the men's side I think clearly an untapped potential there. Several years ago we started to put rubber bottoms on some of our men's slippers. We found that young men particularly were wearing those as the sort of winter flip-flop if you will and that has a lead us to a relationship with the consumer that is – I find it just tremendous. It's an extraordinary opportunity on the men's front. Men like UGG for different reasons than women do, but in the end they love it just as much. So we've been digging into the wires of that and we're ready to offer some wonderful product to address that as we move forward in the next few seasons. I got to tell you I get excited about a lot of things but that's one of the things I'm probably most excited about.
Angel Martinez: Yes that was the number and that was both the domestic and an international number, about 290 is where we'll end up for the year. You'll see them at the better specialty retailers that have traditionally carried (inaudible) UGG, you'll see them at the major department store, leading department stores. You'll see them obviously dealers in Nordstrom in the United States for example, Galeries Lafayette in France and you'll see them all over the world. We have several in London.
Angel Martinez: Yes, pretty much let me remind you too that we've been anticipating changes in this area for quite a while. As you may recall at the beginning of 2009 we anticipated price increases that did not materialize and we're able to obviously, pocket some of that difference not knowing exactly when and I think the soft economy forestalled some of those price increases. But now with the economic environment proving somewhat and manufacturers certainly having to chase production and the nature of the changing workforce in China, you're going to start to see those increases spread to all brands, everybody producing anything in China. So this is not new on our radar screen, we've been anticipating this and we've been planning for it for quite a while.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Again, we're really pleased by our recent performance. We are excited to head into our key selling season with a positive momentum that we have across our business. We really look forward to updating you on our progress when we report our third quarter results in late October. So thank you all.
Zohar Ziv: Todd, this is Zohar. Also in addition to that we are looking in our – we're sourcing is coming from. Until now the majority of our sourcing comes from Southern China. Next year, we'll start a sourcing some from Vietnam and we expect that next year, less than 50% of our products are going to come from Southern China. Our factories are moving more to Central China, some of them already have done so and by doing that they're offsetting some of the cost pressure that it's mainly in Southern China.
Zohar Ziv: No and we haven't run into any issues. We had the conversion of the (inaudible) distributor and that hasn't been initiated at all. And the process which we are going through we really are not changing any of the ways how the distributor is buying the inventory. By the way, we are reviewing all the inventory buys that are done by the distributor. So there's really not a change in the methodology.Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: So I guess that answers it. You're pleased with what he is selling to the retailers anyways.
Zohar Ziv: Well, for this year, if you remember Sean we're locking price a year in advance. So for this year we really haven't seen much of price increases.
