Dave Powers: Yeah. This is Dave. I can answer the beginning of that. We’re pleased with how UGG is performing. It’s down a little bit for the quarter as expected. And that’s largely due to us trying to lap the Fluff Yeah business from last year. So you can attribute pretty much all the miss or the decline versus last year, I should say, to the Fluff franchise. And we’ve made up some ground on that with Sport Yeah, and some of the other classic slippers which are doing well. But the Sport Yeah is at a lower price point. So, as an example, on our e-commerce website in the U.S., sales were down for UGG brand, but units were up. So it’s a quarterly dynamic, we’re working through the tail end of the fluff business. But their core business across the globe is still strong and healthy. Our order book is strong and healthy. And, we feel that our chances are good in the rest of the year and we certainly have the inventory in place to do that. Steve can talk a little bit more about the inventory. But the good news is we have inventory here. It’s here earlier, and we’re able to get it to our accounts earlier. So the setup from a brand perspective, going into the back half of the year is still looking good. But we’re being a little bit cautious here, because it’s still early in the year and there’s a lot of concerns about over inventory in the channel and the consumer. But as far as the brand health goes globally, we’re still seeing very positive signs, order books are still looking healthy. And we have inventory should the business be there to be after.
Dave Powers: Yeah, it’s really related to two things. One is just expanding the reach of the product to reach new consumers, and then also expanding our reach internationally, particularly in China. But this is at its core, a running brand, and we have incredible authenticity, and are very important brand in that space. And we’ll maintain that authenticity as we go forward. Hence, the Western states and the UTMB, and the Ironman championships that is the core of this brand, and always will be. But we obviously see expanded opportunity in trail and hike, and then in walking and also lifestyle. So, we are well aware of the fact that there’s a broad base of consumers that are purchasing the HOKA brand across age groups demographics and end use. And so with the new Fly Human Fly campaign that we launched, reestablishing our authenticity in ultra sports with the events that I mentioned. And at the same time speaking to a broader base consumer that is into the brand for a lifestyle perspective, or walking perspective, or just overall comfort. So we welcome all those consumers, we consider them athletes, they’re on their feet all day, and they need performance footwear, and we’re working on ways to establish more communication and engagement with those folks, while staying true to the authenticity of the brand. And that’s more on a product standpoint, we’re not necessarily opening up new distribution to go after those consumers. We’re pleased with the business index, but we’re in less than 20% of their stores, just starting to go into footlocker and opening more stores globally, particularly in China, where we’re seeing a broad base of consumers coming into our stores and on our websites really loving the brand. But what’s also incredibly exciting on the lower age spectrum is 18 to 34 year olds are increasingly purchasing the HOKA brand. We’re starting to hear comments about people are trading their all white Nikes, for all white HOKAs, so that’s very encouraging for us as well. And we knew a lot of optimism going into the account – of Foot Locker account to see what we can do with the younger consumer there too.
Dave Powers: Yeah, so I’ll start with UGG. And then, I’ll let Steve tackle the HOKA question. So we’re optimistic about UGG in the queue in Q3, as you said, we were late on inventory last year. We potentially missed some sales last year. And the good news is that we have inventory, obviously, in the channel earlier, and we have more inventory coming. So from an inventory standpoint, I think we’re going to be in very good shape for Q3. There’s just a lot of questions out there still on the consumer level of promotions, et cetera. We’re not – we’ve in the last couple of years for UGG in Q3, we’ve been very, very clean, minimal promotions, tight on inventory. We see a little bit of return to normalize season, but we’re not expecting or modeling in heavy promotional activity at this point. We want to protect the health of the brand and not chase top-line, because we think we can make up a lot of revenue if we need to, on the year with HOKA. But as far as how the setup looks, we’re in inventory position, we have exciting new product launches in the UGG brand, we think are going to resonate very well. And we have a new campaign, a holiday campaign that we’re working on right now. So as far as tackling the opportunity, we’re in good shape. I think their question is their macroeconomic environment globally, and what that’s going to do to not necessarily just the brand, but the wholesale partners, who are tight on inventory as well or heavy on inventory in general.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I’ll talk a little bit about HOKA. This is the first global campaign that the brand has ever done. So we felt that it’s important to refresh the messaging and the communication from the brand. And, we’ve obviously evolved our thinking as to what this brand can be for folks globally. And, we’ve been on a track of inspiring athletes all around the world of all types to get active and be there for them. And so this is a way for us to bring all the different product launches that we go through, whether it’s a Clifton, or Bondi, or Speedgoat, to have a little bit more consistency in the look and feel of the campaign to have a consistent tone of voice and to be more consistent with global consumers around the globe. So we’re very pleased with how it’s been received. We’re getting very positive feedback from our wholesale partners. We’re getting very positive KPIs on our website. The amount of new visitors for the quarter was up tremendously and very healthy for us, as you see in some of the retention and acquisition figures are all heading in the right direction. And we think this is a foundation and a story that we can continue to build on head to toe and build real power, and an aspirational positioning for the brand. So far, so good. I think we need to add in a little bit more grittiness, if that’s the right word into the campaign and pull off some of the great performances and athletes in the UTMB and Western states in Ironman and leverage those influencers a little bit more in the campaign. But we feel the platform is right. The redesign of the website is proven to be very successful so far, our landing page, spend time and dwell time and conversion rates are up. And so we’re very pleased. But it’s the beginning of a long journey with this campaign. And but so far, we’re seeing great adoption globally, and positive reaction from consumers and wholesale accounts.
Dave Powers: Sure. I’ll tackle Foot Locker first. So it’s early days, we just put the product in Foot Locker. It’s in a handful of position stores that we feel are right for the consumer going after, which is younger, more athletic minded, but still fashion minded consumer in stores that we think the Foot Locker group can represent the brand positively, and then we’re online with some styles as well. So too early to share any results, but I will say that, we’re pleased with how it’s the launch has gone, we’re pleased with the feedback we’re getting from footlocker. As I mentioned, we’re seeing younger consumers, more increasingly adopt the brand. So we feel good about it long-term. So far, so good at the launch, we’re going to take our time and maintain the discipline that we always have with expanding distribution, much like we’ve done with Dick’s. But both of those are strategic and reaching consumers where they want to shop in environments that can showcase the brand in a positive way, they’re both doing that. And we’re going to continue to monitor and see how things go. But there’s no major plans to drastically increase door count. We’re still in less than 20% of Dick stores. And you can see the results we’re getting through our own DTC channels, so very healthy right now. And we’ll continue to monitor these and trickle out distribution.
Dave Powers: And I think also, we’re hearing a little bit that some of the run specialty accounts are full, in general with not just HOKA inventory, but all their inventory. So there’s a limited capacity to be able to bring in additional inventory. But as Steve said, the productivity of HOKA versus others is exceptional, high retail, high margin full price sales. So but we have the inventory now and on the way to be able to manage that channel much better than we have in the last two years. We were really in chase mode.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Yeah. And the other thing on that is we are working on in a more innovative launches. So we’re going to bring innovation and new ideas to market faster, and we’re going to use a lot utilize that channel to do some tests and learn along the way as well and get some new innovative products out faster, utilizing DTC and the run specialty channel at the beginning of calendar year 2023.
Dave Powers: Yeah, we are collectively, as ELT as a board and as an organization very excited to have and join the company. She has been here now almost three weeks, she’s hit the ground running. She has been a fantastic addition to the ELT. I would say first and foremost, she is the right kind of leader for Deckers. She’s an inspirational leader. She’s an empathetic leader. She’s got incredible experience over her years in Nike, all within merchandising, and storytelling, and brand building. She spent 3 years on the ground in China, redeveloping repositioning that market, and oversaw just a massive business for Nike. And so, the core talent that we love about Anne, she is an exceptional merchant, first and foremost, she understands and appreciates products, she understands how to bring product to market in a compelling way with head to toe storytelling. She knows footwear and apparel. And she’s not from the fashion space. But you know, we have a full team of people who are experts in that space. And what we’re really looking for here is an inspirational leader who can get the best out of that team. And at the same time, really editing and amplifying our storytelling, which is something a lot of people learned from Nike over the years. So we think just the combination of her leadership and merchandising experience, the global execution that she was overseeing at Nike gives us great leadership for this brand and can unlock the true potential of this brand going beyond the $2 billion that it’s at now.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think for UGG, specifically, we raised prices and about 30% on the line for Q3. So, but in places where we think we can get it, and we’ve heard that from our wholesale partners that we can get that as well. Yeah.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I mean, from what I’m hearing,, I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s caution. But I think wholesalers are filling up on inventory. They’ve been light, for many of their key brands over the last couple of years. And they’re filling up. And logistics is still a challenge for brands and wholesalers. Space is becoming a challenge. And so we’re hearing a little bit about that out there in the marketplace, which is why we think it’s good that we got inventory in early and we were able to get inventory into the channel to capture that space. So I think it’s going to be a dynamic this year that wholesale is going to have to work through as they tried to fill up their inventories and get back in the right position heading into the rest of the year. So we don’t see it really affecting our business yet. Demand is still strong, brand health is so strong. We’re not hearing you know, about crazy cancellations or anything. It’s pretty normalized. So we still feel good about our chances. But that is a dynamic that we’re hearing about.
Dave Powers: Yeah, so I’ll talk about e-commerce a little bit. As you saw from the HOKA results, very healthy quarter for UGG, we did see a lift with the new campaign and the launch, when that kicked in. And so that helped in the back half of the quarter, created a little more excitement, a little more awareness, the first time visitors was in the 70% range. And so, very healthy business has continues to be repeat purchasers, new consumers, younger consumers coming to the site, better KPIs, as I mentioned, on the landing pages and conversion on those pages. So that’s really good. And it’s broad base, it’s across all categories is not really a standout amongst the group. It’s just the whole brand is seeing that level of interest in adoption. Within UGG, the real challenge for DTC, as I mentioned is within the slipper category. And, it’s a combination of the Fluff business slowing down dramatically from where it was a year ago, still aided by the pandemic. So that’s slowed down but we’ve made up some ground with the Sport Yeah. But it’s at a lower price point. So as I mentioned, revenue in DTC was down or e-commerce was down for UGG, but units were up. So I think, as I said, at the point in time dynamic has still think the core business, so I know this core businesses feel strong, heritage slippers still strong, and men still strong. A little softness in kids, but that was also politely related. So aside from that, the brand is still performing on expectation in the categories that we needed to. And as I said, as we get into Q2 and Q3, the Fluff dynamics will be behind us, and it’ll be a more normalized business.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, I think, Jon, just to add on to that, as Dave said, order books holding up we’re seeing strong demand for the brand so we feel good about that. As we said on inventory, we were going to bring inventory in earlier this year, so kind of on message we’re delivering on that. That is contributing to an increase in our inventory levels, which again, just remind everybody at last year’s levels were unusually low and below normal operating level. So feel okay with the inventory, where it stands, that will continue to build, but we’re well positioned from that standpoint to fulfill the orders that we have. And we’re continuing to see consumer response to it. So still very positive on how UGG is performing and the outlook. And then just to remind everybody, we’re coming off too strong years of UGG growth. And as we said well documented through last year, it was replenishing depleted levels of inventory in the channel. So we’re comping strong growth as well as replenishing inventory and feel comfortable about that.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, then Sam on the HOKA question, what we said and kind of indicated in a strong quarter one performance, where we ship more product was increased availability of inventory in June, and that was largely driven by HOKA. And so that gave us an opportunity to ship product more than what we kind of anticipated could happen with the availability of inventory, that was largely HOKA driven, right? And so, I think what you’re seeing in the quarter is our ability to get that product into the market a little bit sooner than what we expected, which is always encouraging and will closely watch them sell through. But that’s what’s driving some of this timing issue. And, again, going back to why we’re not giving quarterly guidance. We’re just seeing timing, shifting between quarters. And so it’s very difficult with what we’re dealing with to kind of precisely show when things are going to go. But when we have an opportunity to move product out a little bit earlier than what we anticipated, we’re going to take full advantage of it. And that’s really what you’ve seen with HOKA in this quarter.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, I think right now, the way we’re kind of looking at things is equivalent between those channels. So, still early and we’ll see, but right now, the way we’re looking at is kind of equivalent.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Hi, Laurent, this is Steve. Just on the marketing spend. We – over the past few years, we have been increasing marketing spend. As it relates to brands, we spend more in marketing on proportional basis to sales on HOKA and we do other brands, and that is part of what’s driving our overall market increase and marketing as a percentage of revenue increase. What we’re seeing, as Dave just articulated is great productivity with our marketing spend. And what’s contributing to building brand awareness, as we talked about quite a bit, HOKA brand awareness is still relatively low in comparison to other brands. And so, with the marketing spend, with the campaigns that we’re launching, we’re seeing great productivity and how that’s driving consumer awareness of the brand and building brand awareness. So it’s a lever that we’re using very efficiently and productively and will continue to do that. And as you’ve seen with the global campaign, and as Dave said, we’ll continue to refine and continue to build awareness through those campaigns.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. And just on the distribution centers, Laurent, we are, as you mentioned, expanding our presence and space available that is in part to handle the growth that we anticipate with the business and specifically kind of help handle the additional growth in the HOKA business. We do have levers as well. So there – we have other arrangements in 3PLs that we can change distribution patterns. But we have our main facility in Moreno Valley. We’re increasing space in the Midwest, as you mentioned, we also have some distribution through 3PLs on the East Coast that we can also look at. So it’s helping us plan for the future. We know these things take time. What I would also say is, we’re introducing more automation. And so a big part of what we’re developing in the Midwest is an increased automated fulfillment center, so being able to be efficient as we get those up and running efficiently. So more to come on that, but that’s how we’re looking at that.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, Jim, this is Steve. Good question. We’re watching that carefully. And as you mentioned, we are growing our presence and inventory has increased, we are not at some inventory levels, of some of the others, but our productivity is much higher than other brands. So run specialty is highly productive, I think, we’re probably the most productive brand in many of those outlets, that’s leading to significant turnover of that inventory, so our ability to fulfill it. So, I think, again, as inventory increases, as we have more inventory available, we’re going to continue to feed that channel, there’s more opportunity, I think, and our teams believe that as well. So we’re going to continue to take advantage of that. And now especially with a better inventory position, we’re better positioned to continue to go after that business.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, John, this is Steve. We haven’t changed anything from what we’ve said previously. So, we have introduced at the beginning of this calendar year price increases related to HOKA, we’re seeing that drive some of the gross margin improvement. Clearly, that’s being and has been offset with the higher freight. It’s helping mitigate some of the pressures. And we’ll continue to face that relate into the next quarter. What we’ve also said and haven’t changed our stance on is price increases on related select product for UGG, that’ll really kick in our Q3. Again, that was part of what we indicated on our initial guidance. So we haven’t changed anything there. So no change in terms of how we’re thinking about price increases, we’re going to continue to monitor that. But our prices are pretty well set for the seasons, and would be more a future opportunity, not anything we would expect in this year.
Steven Fasching: And then, Paul, just a little bit on the inventory, in terms of the in transit percentage wise were a little bit better, but on a higher dollar amounts, so we have higher dollar amounts still in transit. I think that’s important to note. And then embedded in that inventory this year versus last year is about $70 million more of additional freight, as rates increased throughout last year. So we’re dealing with a significant amount more of freight, embedded in those higher inventory values as well. And then the other with large percentage increase related to HOKA is we’re ramping the HOKA inventory to support the growth in that business that’s contributing to the higher inventory balance. And just to remind everyone, the average price on a HOKA is greater than the average. So that’s contributing to a lift as well.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, so what we’re seeing and this is what’s contributed to the strong first quarter. We have seen an improvement, as we mentioned, in the prepared remarks. So product is flowing in a little bit sooner than what we anticipated. So we’re seeing things flow. The visibility is still limited, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, too. So we’re still trying to get better gauges on arrival of inventory. Good news is, on the West Coast port, labor negotiations, that’s still ongoing, so we haven’t seen disruption related to that. But again still ongoing, so we’ll keep a close eye on that. So again, seen inventory come in better, which is good, gives us an ability like we demonstrated in the quarter with June and with HOKA and ability to move it out and be in a better position than we were a year ago in order to kind of meet some of the demand. So we’ll see how things go. We’re continuing to work on that continuing to look at ways to improve, but encouraged by some of the improvements that we have seen, but continuing to look for further improvement.
