Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Tom. Across our portfolio of brands, we're creating great choices for consumers. With our strong network of wholesale partners serving as the bedrock of our distribution model, we'll continue to reach our target consumers where they have traditionally shopped for their footwear needs. At the same time, our growing DTC platform and enhanced omnichannel capabilities are enabling us to increasingly connect with existing and target consumers in a more intimate environment to introduce our evolving product lines. And all of our product and distribution strategies are being supported by more effective, more compelling and more personalized marketing than ever before. The goal of all these efforts is to consistently provide consumers with great choices, reach consumers through their preferred methods of interaction and ultimately sell and deliver them product in the most margin accretive way possible. This is about controlling our own destiny, by investing smartly and continually innovating how we conduct business so that we can fully leverage our growing asset base to deliver improved returns to our shareholders. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. We're very happy with the trends that we see them now. Certainly, the cooler weather in the U.S. aids in everything. I mean, that's -- there's always a benefit to having a chillier evening. Some of the enhancements we've made to the Classic line, I think, and if you go on the website, you'll see there's a lot more color than there's been in the past. There's a lot more diversity of detail and treatment. We've got product that's exclusive to our DTC operation. We have product that we've done exclusively with certain customers. So there's just a bigger variety of Classic product. We don't have the same kind of feeding frenzy that we had over in the original core Classic and basically 3 colors. I remember a few years ago, it was chestnut, black and sand. Those were the 3 colors that were in constant demand. Now we have a much broader and appealing assortment of product. And we've also done some special things with, for example, Swarovski crystals that we've got on a variety of the products that allow for more customization at the store level. Consumers can now go online and create their own UGG customized product, which is a unique and new thing we're doing. So generally speaking, there's a lot more effort and energy to diversify what people see when they encounter UGG Classic product. We're very happy with the trend so far.
Angel R. Martinez: Geographically, what I just said, is consistent. We're seeing the same sort of benefits around the world in every market we're operating in. So which is -- that bodes well. That's -- actually, it says a lot about our merchandising team and our ability now to interpret information from consumers worldwide and identify those areas and opportunities that we may have in some markets that we don't have in others. To give you an example, in Japan, the Classic mini is a very strong men's item in a variety of colorways that I really -- you only would see in Japan. And that was something we identified early and we've been in a position to go after that business and it's working quite well.
Angel R. Martinez: I think you're starting to see a pretty significant shift in how consumers want to access brands. There's clearly a consumer base with our wholesale customers Nordstrom has their customers, Dillard's has theirs, Journeys has theirs. And those retailers are doing a good job of keeping those consumers in their full. Then there are consumers who want to access brands via a direct relationship. And the benefits there for us are pretty clear, obviously, from a margin point of view but actually, more important from a relationship point of view, meaning that we're able to personalize a relationship with a brand. We're able to give consumers a more customized experience. We're able to be the go-to place for all of their purchasing when it comes to UGG. And I think the 2 things work in tandem. And the net effect is that it's going to grow the market for our brand. It's -- we're in a very good position in that we have a pretty dominant voice when it comes to anything sheepskin globally. And our purpose here and our mission is to use that voice to reinforce all of the options that the UGG brand offers for the home, for kids, for men, for women. And on a year-round basis, we can do that in a very unique way. Retailers, being constrained by real estate, certainly having to devote shelf space to many other brands, have only a limited capacity to do that. Our goal is always to drive the consumer to their preferred destination, whether it's we use our coop money to drive consumers to Nordstrom. And by the way, Nordstrom, this past year between, I think, August and October, they had 16 pages of UGG-specific advertising that went out to their consumer base, which clearly has a huge benefit to Nordstrom. And those consumers are establishing a foundation of trust in the brand. They're accessing it through Nordstrom, but many of them will also come to us directly. So I think what's happening is a real big shift in how consumers want to access this. And we're focused on every vehicle that we can implement to make sure that, that relationship with consumers is expanded.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you. Digital is really -- it sounds almost trite to sell now, but it's the future. I mean, it's really what is happening when it comes to marketing specifically. The idea that the consumer is a one-dimensional consumer, I think that's a real dead notion. I thought about relationship, the key opportunity we have is to use the digital technology to fundamentally cement that relationship. You've seen that we have increased our assortment of home products now. We've got a variety of customization opportunities, as I mentioned. You'll see more of that going forward. You're going to see us begin to dial in a very predictive sort of model for specific kinds of consumers that will begin to identify through their shopping patterns and their communication with us. So we're just scratching the surface on this. We've made a commitment to this direction a few years ago. We've been ramping this up. We're very proud of what we've done with the Shibuya store. You're going to see more of that roll out. We're opening in UGG store that will be part of our -- we're calling it our Deckers brand showcase. It'll be in our home headquarters here come first quarter, and that's going to be a real showcase for how we think the digital world is going to impact retail. The 2 things are really inseparable now. And it's hugely important, some of the things that we're doing versus in past years that are being facilitated by this sort of digital connection. Obviously, we can get our brand campaign out, feels like nothing else is going to grow out in a -- not only in our old formula, which was predominantly print, but now it's going out with social media. It's going out through PR. It's going out through a variety of other techniques. So feels like nothing else. We'll be more prevalent during the holidays, that's the holiday -- we also have a holiday campaign. We're launching specific products. I've mentioned UGG by You, which is the customization. You're going to see that, targeted to consumers who have shown an interest in those colorways and those kinds of products. I mentioned the Swarovski Crystal in the stores, we're doing that. We've got -- the Feels Like Nothing Else campaign is really a DTC ramp-up. We've never done a DTC holiday campaign. You're going to see that beginning now, very shortly. The holiday line itself has been expanded. So we've got conversations we can have with consumers around new products. And on the last call, I talked about dropping product more frequently in the year. Now we're able to augment the product drive with news. That's now news on Facebook. That's now news on Twitter. That's now news on Instagram. And that's the reason to engage the brand. So all of these things combined are really giving us much more enhanced relationship with the consumer.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, the slipper business is like the world's best-known secret, I suppose, if you're one of our retailers because we have a very powerful slipper business. Obviously, the price points are significant. It's by far the best quality slipper assortment on the market. We've done a lot to enhance the assortment. We've addressed price point issues. We've got some under $100 men's slippers that you can access, and that's exciting to consumers. We've also got trends happening. We've got young kids wearing slippers on the street as sort of part of a fashion statement. We've got in the U.K. for the first time this past year, we've got great traction on men wearing slippers. The slipper idea was not really something that was a category, it's not really a viable category. It was considered sort of a throwaway products, so we've managed to create a viable and important category in the U.K. And that's only going to grow. So -- and what I'm really interested in, what I find very fascinating is this idea of, if you sort of were to say that slipper is your cool-weather flip-flop, we sort of started playing around with this idea with college kids a few years ago and it's worked. When you see kids on college campus, as soon as the weather cools off, they're in their UGG ascots and other slippers, and the flip-flops are in the dorm rooms. So it just bodes well for slippers being a year-round product, not just the gift-giving product. And then you add a gift-giving spike to that and you create -- you have a very powerful franchise that we only look to grow globally.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I Heart UGG is going to be sold in Asia. It's going to be sold in our own stores here and in selected wholesale partners here and other markets around the world. It is a junior line. It's a -- and if you come to the fanny show, we will show it there. It's almost -- it's very difficult to describe until you see it. It has no chance of being confused with core UGG. And yet, it clearly has the DNA of core UGG. The colors are more vibrant, the designs are much more -- they are just younger. It appeals to the tween consumer. It's a female line. It is -- the price points are very sharp because of UGG Pure, we're able to do that. And it's the beginning of understanding how to fully leverage what UGG Pure represents. By the way, the feel and the quality is -- it's just fantastic now. Clearly, it's not a product I'd put on, but quality tests show us that the consumer will not be disappointed with the feel of this product and in no way is it inferior to the feel of our traditional UGG products. So we're quite excited about it. As I said, it's a test. I said in -- I think, in the script, it's a test for fall of '14, but it's going to open a market that in many -- I would almost tell you that we've not participated in because we've had a lot of knockoff people out there. We've had a lot of products that are inferior quality going after these lower price points. And we're going to raise the bar on the quality and the fashion and the styling. So we think that's just incremental business for this brand in many ways.
Angel R. Martinez: I think, and if you see fall '14, you'll see that the learning is just very sharp price points. We found that we needed to do a better job of engineering the product and developing product and use of materials to sharpen those price points to make sure that we're not only competing, but at each price point do we have the best product. The best fashion, the best comfort, the best quality. That was the standard we set for ourselves. And I think that there's no other standards that we can have. I'm very happy with the product that I've seen. I think people who see it will be too. We pre-aligned it with customers who are also very happy with it. It has -- everyone that sees it sort of -- it changes their perception of what UGG really is. So I even hesitate to use the term transitional anymore because it's now -- when you're a full year-round brand, you're not transitioning anything, you're just offering up great product every single season of the year, and we're going to force the competition to meet our standards. That's a bold statement, but I'm feeling pretty bullish about the product I've seen.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, serious expectations require serious talent. We've got some very aggressive expectations for our business, and we've been working on our go-forward plan. World-class talent today is hard to find because there's so much competition for talented people. And I don't believe that we can achieve our goals without the talent, without this level of competency. I've always used the adage, something that I coined a long time ago, what got you here won't get you there. And if there is represented by our vision for this company in the future, then we need the right people to help us get there, and we cannot compromise that. So -- and then we have a culture that we want to protect and enhance. And the culture has become a selling point. A lot of people who come into the company can go almost anywhere that they want. These are talented people who don't have trouble getting a job, but they had found that the Deckers culture is a good place to be. And we'll always look to add great talent and upgrade all of the people either through training and retraining and giving people an opportunity to grow within their position or filling in from outside where we see an opportunity and grow a part of the business we have not really fully developed. We need the outside talent. I mean, look what Dave Powers has done in the year. It's been -- he's done a wonderful job. But that's not just Dave. We have Linda Pazin here who has done a great job. It's just really staying focused on your future vision and making sure that you're not compromising that vision by not having the best people you can find. I think that would be a big mistake that I should be held accountable to and I fully intend to deliver on that. Besides, I do want to end up the dumbest guy in the room, I mean, that's my corporate goal when I retire from this. So I've got to make sure that I've got a lot of heavyweight.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, it's going to be sort of gradual and incremental. We're going to attack it a category at a time. When it comes to UGG Pure -- I mean, I Heart UGG, you'll see and most people will see that really at the fanny show, but they have already seeing enhancements and improvements through -- to our fashion boots. The use of UGG Pure has allowed us to now create much sharper price points. So we've been pre-aligning our fall '14, and there's been great response to that. And as I mentioned earlier, the slippers, the men's product, the use of materials, the use of UGG Pure, better engineering of the product, our development team has done a fantastic job. So we really have got back to what we call the celebration of the craft, the honoring of the craft of shoemaking. And there's a lot of intangible reasons why you buy footwear, a lot to do with queues of quality that we're all sort of conditioned to understand. And we really want to create some distance between us and other brands when it comes to the quality of our products.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. The price points will be sub $100. I think it's $80 to $120 is sort of the sweet spot in a variety of different styles. And as time goes on, it will expand from a category point of view, you'll eventually see an expansion of the sneaker line inside the I Heart UGG idea. As time goes on, we'll be able to address waterproof product at those kind of price points, which we feel are important. So UGG Pure really gives us flexibility that we never had before.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we don't plan to expand beyond our core distribution matrix. We think that our core customers right now would really love the opportunity to create a customer base and are following around I Heart UGG, but we're testing it. We also think that for the DTC part of our business is very important. It allows the consumer -- this particular consumer, who is obviously doing a lot of shopping online, certainly all of their product research online, this consumer won't hesitate to buy the product via our eCommerce channel. So when you have those things going for you, I don't know that it's right now important to expand distribution from where we are. I think we're in a pretty good place. We're just looking to -- this will give us chance to get some real estate in different departments.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. And let me add to that because there's something else going on too, and that's not just about Asia. I think given the sort of what I've been calling the omni channel revolution, however you want to phrase it, it has an impact on what is the optimal size of the store. How many square feet do you actually need when you have something called Infinite UGG and you don't have to carry every colorway in a style so that the consumer can have that shift to their home and have it within 24 hours. It improves the productivity of the real estate that you have. So part of what we're learning is to understand what are the optimal store size in each region of the world. When you combine the DTC component, when you combine the eCommerce component to it and -- what does that mean going forward? Location is critical. You do need to have stores located in the optimum traffic areas. But size of store, that's something that think, going to change. And it's going to change for a lot of people, not just us. And we're trying to study that now.
Angel R. Martinez: Yea. I mean, Chris, we are planning to slow down the concept store growth in North America. We're fine-tuning the model. I mean, as I've said just a moment ago, what is the optimum stores size? That's what we are needing to identify. Our growth in near term is going to be around outlet stores, primarily in Asia Pacific, where we're severely underpenetrated. But the most important thing is to understand what the new dynamic looks like, the wholesale environment combined with our own DTC efforts. And how consumers want to access brands. When you have Amazon, now going to the same-day delivery, I think it has to be crazy, but I assume that's not going to have an impact on what the retail footprint looks like, I think, for every brand and all of retail. So we've always been cautious. We have been I, think, very judicious in the number of stores and where were they placed and being very careful not to have that one store too many. That always seems to be creating a problem. So this is a science and an art because the brand relationship with consumer is part of an art. But all of this sort of becomes a very, very important area of conversation, a very important area of experimentation, which we're doing a lot of. And really, sort of dialing in precisely what's the best use of our resources to grow this brand, particularly UGG, going forward.
Angel R. Martinez: I think in the end we're going to be as judicious as we can be. We're going to do what makes the most sense for our bottom line. I don't have an ego drive to have a gazillion stores in the United States if they're not going to work well. So none of us do. So we want the brand to be exposed in the appropriate way and we want the margins to be healthy and we want the sell-throughs to be great. So that's our plan.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to those of you on the East Coast having chilly evenings and chilly days. We'll speak to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Thomas A. George: Randy, good question. The U.K. business has stabilized and we're also starting to see the beginnings of some stabilization in the U.K. and the Benelux business as well. We are starting to see the opportunity for the leverage on that entire regional office that covers off all of Europe. So there is more opportunity going forward in that region. But that's about all we can say about it right now.
Thomas A. George: You hit on all the right levers. We do have all the right initiatives in place to be able to drive gross margin expansion. So there are those opportunities. I think it's best that we get through this fourth quarter and conclude our planning process, then we can get more specific visibility around those numbers.
Thomas A. George: So I'll take the second question. I think what we saw in the U.S. is it was mostly traffic driven like many of the other retailers. We saw even some positive improvements in ticket and conversion in that. In terms of cadence throughout the quarter, really -- nothing really comes to mind there. I think it was pretty consistent there. Europe really pleased with that positive comp there, and I think we're seeing the same thing there even in spite of some traffic kind of pressures that they've been able to increase conversion and that kind of thing. And then really excited about China, how we've rebounded there and you start to see the benefits of our initiatives that are related to inventory merchandising, managing the stores, store locations, buildout efficiencies, really pleased about that. And obviously, Japan is very strong, really excited about the performance there. So in a very low sort of smaller third quarter, we're really excited about the progress we made with our retail stores.
Thomas A. George: Good question. We're not going to give you a year-end target. We are really pleased with the performance of all our -- the results of all our efforts and what we've been doing to manage our inventory. I think you're pleased probably with our number here at the end of the third quarter. I think the best way to really look at our inventory and measure our improvement in our inventories is look on a moving 12-month basis, what our turns are doing, how our turns are improving over time. I think that's the best way to look at our inventory results because the business is changing, it's becoming more and more direct to consumer versus distributor and wholesale, and a lot of moving parts. And we'll plan on continuing to improve on our inventory levels. That being said, we also want to make sure that we have appropriate inventory levels available to be able to capitalize on next year's first quarter business.
Thomas A. George: Right. Well, so for the quarter, UGG total global wholesale was about $274 million for the quarter relative to $284 million for the prior year. So it's down, about low-single digits down on a global basis.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we certainly do. Yes, with everything we've got in place in the current order book, yes, we expect that to turn positive in the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Right. For the wholesale business, we in the fourth quarter where -- we expect it to be at low single digits. That's more in the U.S. relative to the rest of the business. The rest of the business, we do expect it up, but not much at this point in time based on our guidance. And we do have the same assumption relative to reorders and cancellations. We have a pretty cautious outlook there and are planning very little reorders in a similar percentage of cancellations at this point in time. We think it's just early enough in the season after 2 mild winters to still be cautious at this point in time with that assumption.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we can give you a little bit of that. But not a thing to point out. I mean, we're still -- keep in mind that on the comp basis, it's still relatively low to the total number of stores that are going to be performing in the fourth quarter. So that doesn't move the needle some. I'll give you a little bit of flavor by region in the fourth quarter. I think that in the U.S., we expect that to return to more of a low- to mid-single digit positive. Canada, there's a few stores, they are in positive there. Europe, sort of a mid-single digit kind of positive. China, low -- high single, low double for China, and then for Japan, more of mid-single digits. And I could -- there's different comparison characteristics for every one of those. But hopefully that helps.
Thomas A. George: It's just related to sheepskin costs only, so it doesn't consider any of the other cost inputs we may have. And it doesn't consider the direct -- the expansion of our Direct to Consumer business. So at this point in time, it's just giving you guys some visibility of sheepskin only.
Thomas A. George: One thing that -- I think what I said actually in terms of turns in the quarter, I don't think I really commented on that, but that being said, one of the things we had this year versus a year ago that did help smooth the business throughout the quarter is we had the transition product in our stores during the quarter. And we had it earlier than we had a year ago. And I think there was some other product that we had earlier rather than 1 year ago. I don't know what type -- what product that was, but that helps throughout the quarter as well.
Thomas A. George: Jim, good question. You're right, we do had some seasonality with that business, but we are seeing -- because the inventory levels in the channel for our customers are cleaner than they were a year ago. We are seeing improved sell-through relative to a year ago.
Thomas A. George: Yes, generally speaking, we're -- one of the major thresholds we look at is obviously return on invested capital. And for these retail stores, we'd still want to target a 1-year cash-on-cash payback relative to the capital investments. So to add to that, we're seeing -- in our Asian stores, especially in China, because of the smaller size and the more value engineering we're putting into our build outs, we're starting to see build out costs roughly half of what our regional comps store fleet was in the U.S. and Europe. So that, obviously, can help significantly on returns on capital, as well as there's less capital tied up in the Chinese retail store because you only have 3-year leases as well. So that's very helpful.
Thomas A. George: We're seeing continued improvements in the inventory. You've brought up a good point. Even with 36 more retail stores, we were able to get the inventory down, and that's because it's down not only in units, but also the carrying amount of inventory, the carrying value roughly has a lower unit cost because there's some favorable sheepskin costs in the carrying value of the inventory. It's going to benefit the fourth quarter. So a lot of different dynamics in the inventory level. But again, that reinforces it to your point when you need to look at the inventory more in terms of movement and trends and improvements relative to inventory at any one point in time.
Thomas A. George: Let me take the first part of it in terms some of the analytics. We -- obviously, the first stores open were the most productive stores. That being said, our newest stores are very productive as well and great returns on capital. And as we've talked about on the call, we've been developing an infrastructure to be able to scale this much, much bigger on a global basis. So one thing to keep in mind here, I mean, we've opened a lot of stores over the last couple of years in the fourth quarter. This fourth quarter we have a lot of new initiatives and a lot of new learnings relative to product and marketing and -- to be able to really drive the business this fourth quarter. So at the end of the fourth quarter, that might be the time to talk about EBIT margins and whatnot, EBIT margin contributions and how well the retail economics look. And then, Angel, I think, did you...
Thomas A. George: It's mostly marketing. And it's roughly half relative to expectations. It's about $3 million and it's mostly marketing.
Sam Poser: A couple of questions. Number one, my favorite question, inventory. Will you give us a target of where you're aiming for the end of the year and what kind of turn you are looking for next year? I mean, that's -- what the hell...
Sam Poser: And do you expect that to turn around in the fourth quarter given all these shifts? And I have one more question.
Sam Poser: Okay. Well, hopefully you get to that goal because of the talent around you, not because of some degradation of your ability.
