Dave Powers: Jon, this is Dave. The early deliveries were just opportunistic. Couple of our accounts were open to receiving some inventory a little bit earlier and we took advantage of that. But the setup for the quarter looks good. As you know, we’ve been working particularly in North America to really clean up the channel going into the season, coming out of a strong last year the inventory is very clean the accounts are set up. We’ve had a little bit of a warm start in the season but the sell-throughs are still going to wholesale and I think we are poised with the diversification efforts in the segmentation and allocation plans for a good quarter. Obviously, as you heard there some softness still in the European market. A lot of that is by design with the segmentation and allocation strategy in the market reset coming out of the UK there but still some macro headwinds with Brexit going on in the malaise of the UK consumer, but all in all, I think the way that we have been focusing on a younger consumer, diversifying the product offering, managing the marketplace very tightly, working with our key wholesale partners and going into the back half of the year with increased marketing investment, we feel we’re in a solid position.
Dave Powers: We are hearing of some softness in the channel at a macro level. Obviously there is some news out there about top line softness and some of the wholesale partners managing tightly with their inventory. But as far as our brands that are particularly with UGG, Koolaburra and HOKA. We’re still seeing healthy demand and good positioning.
Dave Powers: Continuing to see kind of that brand resonate on an international front and a lot more opportunity on that international front.
Dave Powers: As we said before, it’s a multi-year strategy and we do have proof of concept with the strategy in North America, which took us 2 to 3 years to really get to the real strength of where we are now. So I would expect the same in Europe. This is really the first time that we have been pulling back on inventory with the allocation strategy and reducing the amount off price sales, part of what you’re seeing in the takedown of the projection this year is the decision to not chase off price sales we’re more focused on creating a healthy and long-term position for the UGG brand versus chasing a revenue number and I think that’s the right thing to do. The teams have been working very hard on the allocation strategy there and making sure that each account is differentiated point of view and going after the right consumer with the appropriate product. My sense is, we’ll come out at the end of this year in a much better inventory position and cleaner marketplace and then we can really start the reset going into FY ‘21 footfall ‘20.
Dave Powers: The first thing I would say is all of the product is performance-based and they’re all built for running as our core and running in hiking obviously is our core target. That being said, a lot of our styles are being adopted by a non-runner consumer both on the fashion side as you see some of the HOKA brand and kind of the top fashion boutiques across the globe which is very exciting. But I think more importantly the average consumer from an athletic standpoint people are wearing HOKA, starting to run again or from our casual lifestyle perspective but the performance attributes of that ultra lightweight cushioned performance in that ride resonates with the casual consumer as well. And so I think you’re starting to see a lot more consumers adopt it because they just love how it feels and hopefully some of those consumers are also getting back into running again at the same time.
Dave Powers: Yes. And as you said Sam, we’re not expecting to play into that to need to do that in the European business but we do have the ability to do that if necessary in North America wholesale and I think as we have discussed on the last call, if there is upside to the seasons is probably more on the margin side than the sales right.
Dave Powers: Sure. Got it. So of the 542, 332 was UGG brand wholesale, roughly 51 million was HOKA brand wholesale, Teva with 17, Sanuk was 8 and Koolaburra was around 25.
Dave Powers: So other than just men’s is growing faster than the average overall so men’s is up more than the average.
Dave Powers: It’s really focused on Q3. If you’ve seen our Neumel we kind of Neumel nation marketing campaign their efforts in the script very great, very positive response to that campaign. As we said that’s driving interest of the brand and traffi, but the product is really a Q3 products, you should see the bigger impact of that business happening over the next couple of months, focused on the Neumel and winter boots.
Dave Powers: Yes, let me walk you a little bit, maybe just through the margin walk rather than kind of breaking it out. So a year ago we were at 50.2, this year we’re at the 50.4, so 20 basis point improvement, about 50 basis points of improvement through margin expansion. So that’s just achieving better margin on product as we continue to work on those efforts. We had, as I mentioned, part of the driver of the increase in our margin was really kind of better full price selling so less promotion better margins on our close out that was about 80 basis points. And then we have a take away really from FX about 70 basis points. The channel mix, because we had more wholesale growth that was about a 20 basis take away. And then kind of miscellaneous other stuff, roughly 20 basis point. So that’s kind of the lock on the year-on-year.
Dave Powers: Yes, I mean you could where we’re doing closeout out. So where we have reduced selling online was better as well as some of our traditional closeout through.
Dave Powers: Sure. So you are right Tom. You’ve kind of got the numbers right. That is how we’re looking at the back half of the year. It’s a combination of the things that you mentioned. The big point will be the comparison that we have to last year. So we are assuming a higher promotional back half than what we saw last year. As you recall, last year was a pretty exceptional back half of the year, as we saw sell-through at full price incredibly strong, so not what we normally see which is kind of why we’re taking a slightly more conservative approach as we look at the back half of this year but that will be the biggest component of the take-back, we’ll see how the season plays out but we do have higher promotional environment factored into the back half. And then there is always a component of FX in there and then you’ll have some impact potential with the tariff piece. So that’s kind of how we are looking at it and we’ll see how it plays out in terms of what the margin is, but you are right. And the biggest component of that will be our assumption around a more promotional environment than what we saw last year in the back half.
Dave Powers: This is Dave. We are not ready prepared to give that kind of guidance right now. I will say that we do think this has significant upside and the strength of the brand you’re seeing now, we see that continuing going into FY ‘21 and beyond our sights are set above over the next 2 to 3 years, 500 million and beyond.
Dave Powers: It’s a great question and it’s something that we’re really excited about on a number of fronts. First is we are attracting a younger consumer and a large portion of that consumer is first-time purchases to our website. So it’s serving as a vehicle for acquisition as well as driving the business for us in the short and long term. So we’re going to continue the diversification efforts still using key partners in those use accounts to reach that consumer but it really is across the board where it’s worth performing at least in North America, that style isn’t resonating as well in places like China and outside of the UK just yet but the demand for that product going into the back half of the year and into next year is very strong and we think this is a franchise that we can build on through continued diversification efforts and design and marketing and distribution efforts for quite some time.
Steve Fasching: This is Steve. Jon, just to add on that as we look at the UGG domestic wholesale business, it’s good channel for us. It is relatively clean which is why our customers want product and we have an ability to ship on products, so we’ll take advantage of that. As Dave said, international will be down as we reset Europe but other than that all the signs are good at this point and the product is resonating.
Steve Fasching: I think one of the beauties of Deckers and platform that we’ve been working on over the last few years to really improve our capabilities across the board is to be able to support the growth in the hyper growth of the HOKA brand and obviously with the margin profile of that brand, the efficiencies we’ve created across the organization, we’re well positioned to continue to invest not only just in marketing dollar but innovation design, sourcing of that brand and for the distribution globally. So it’s exceeding our expectations. We’re in a little bit of chase mode on inventory, but we’re in good shape to be able to capture as a demand at this point. We are planning for continued strong growth in that brand. And so you’ll see as we guide the beginning going into FY ‘21 continued investment to be able to continue the growth of that brand and it’s really a global opportunity. As you know, North America wholesale and DTC is very strong for that brand, but we’re seeing tremendous growth still in Europe, Japan and we haven’t really started going after China yet. So very pleased very excited with the acceptance and the demand coming from the consumer. The innovation pipeline is still strong and the signs that will be coming out in the next 6 to 12 months we feel we’ll continue that momentum and we’re going to continue to invest in it.
Steve Fasching: Yes. We worked hard to get to this point and I give the teams a lot of credit for their discipline while at the same time, we’re really building strong healthy brands across our global marketplace and I think for us, there’s no looking back we’re continuing down this path. We think that we have some very meaningful and important brands for the consumer and our wholesale partners and we believe that we can continue this level of growth in mid-single digits and then 15% operating margin for the foreseeable future for sure.
Steve Fasching: Sam, so we’re expecting in our guidance increased level of promotion over last year. We think that will be wholesale with some of the retailers that we’re working with so that’s what we’ve embedded. We’ll see how it plays out, right? The biggest part of our season is still ahead of us. We’ll see how the consumer shows up. Early signs are good sell through, clear inventory. So it’s a kind of a wait and see and we’ll see kind of what happens but where it’s mostly factored is kind of in wholesale with a little bit that you’ll see in our DTC business.
Steve Fasching: We haven’t given anything out on ‘21. It’s something clearly that we’ll look at, I wouldn’t right now factor in kind of anything from a significant expense reduction, a lot of the work that we’re doing is kind of with the infrastructure that we have. So once we get back to growth, we will need infrastructure to support that growth. So there will be able to kind of use our existing infrastructure to lever growth as we return to growth on the International. So from that standpoint again, we haven’t given guidance on next year but I wouldn’t expect a significant fall off. I think to the earlier question about how we look at our P&L profile looking at a 15% operating margin we’re going to spend appropriately as we have now seen a lot of our gross margin efforts come through and then the shift to variable that we’re talking about is really about how we invest more in marketing to drive the initiatives to build brand awareness around the things that we’re doing so building awareness with HOKA, building awareness with men with UGG building awareness with spring-summer women’s UGG as well. And when we look at that is still a lot of opportunity.
Steve Fasching: That’s it’s a great question and I think if have been our Deckers website. I’ll start there, couple of years ago we put out some sustainability goals we call 7 x 27 that have guided a lot of the activities around sustainability for Deckers but also each of our brands and over the last 3 to 6 months each of the brands is doing individual work to improve the way they operate across the planet, both in product and kind of operational periods as well. I can’t get into all the specifics that are happening right now but there is work being done and you’re going to see some more conversations happening in the marketplace with each of our brands around efforts they are making, but it’s probably best at a brand level versus the Deckers level to focus into that because there is unique approaches to this space based on the brand positioning and the relevancy in that marketplace and for the consumer, But I am excited to say that is something that Deckers as an organization is taking seriously. We are standing behind it with our global 7/27 goals and within each of the brand and the work that they’re doing and I think you will see some continued evolution in the product that we’re bringing to market on the short term.
Steve Fasching: And with regards to the weather question, for the UGG brand generally speaking, the whole brand is somewhat weather-dependent with the exception of probably slippers but what we’ve been doing over the last few years is to reduce our dependency on cold weather-related products. So for example we have reduced the reliance on core classic, we brought a lot more fashion boots into the assortment across men’s and women’s. I think some of the diversified product that you’ve seen toward the younger consumer is a less weather-dependent diversifying into men’s is less reliant on the core classic business. So we’re used to be kind of a one-trick pony, which is at the core classic across all the channels, the diversification efforts, fashion ability of the brand, the diversification across new consumers has given us more fashion relevance and less weather-dependentcy across the board and I think that served well last year and it’s only stronger this year and it gives us something that’s going to continue to evolve. So it’s less certainly we’re still dependent on the weather just like everybody else’s but I think we’re much more fashion relevant to the consumer now that is looking for product from just beyond kind of cold weather product.
Steve Fasching: I think the way we are looking at freight historically up to last year we used more air freight. I think we’ve gotten better at bringing product in, so that’s help alleviate some of that need to bring in air freight. We have used a little bit more this year than we did last year as we’re bringing inventory in where we see spikes in demand largely like HOKA. So I think we are demonstrated by our margin improvement, we are better at how we’re bringing product and we’ve been working with our factories doing better job level loading them, that’s helping us bring inventory in. It’s also helping us schedule a little bit better. It is also showing up as we bring inventory in a little bit earlier as well. So I think through a lot of the efforts and the margin improvements that we’re achieving, we’re kind of seeing that pay off. So, we’ll always use some air freight. We didn’t use quite as much as what we had anticipated in our guidance in Q2. We did use some but not nearly to the extent that we thought we would and it’s something that we’ll continue to look at. So, to your question things have changed and improved. I think we’re doing a slightly better job but there will always be cases where you’re going to have to use some of it, especially when you have kind of hot product and a brand that’s in demand like HOKA. General cost of freight overall is not coming down.
Steve Fasching: Yes. The piece, I think that you might be missing is the UGG international wholesale is down and that’s driven by the reset that we’re talking about in Europe as well as a currency impact on our international business.
Steve Fasching: So DTC on the 542 was, call it $99 million. A year ago we did just under $94 million. So the total DTC was up, now that will be all brands.
Steve Fasching: You will see it on the queue when it comes out, but the UGG DTC was down and the down will be some fewer retails as well as more challenge in retail.
