Dave Powers: Yes. I appreciate the question. And obviously, it's a pretty dynamic environment. 30%, as you said, we're proud of that result, considering all the challenges we had getting inventory through the bottlenecks. And obviously, we had to spend a little bit more in air freight to mitigate some of those challenges. And what we've seen, quite honestly, in the last six months is the demand for the brand has accelerated from what we thought it was going to be six months ago. And so we are in chase mode. It's a good position to be in. It's challenging in this environment. We think we'd be closer to a 50% growth rate on an annual basis. And that could be higher depending on what inventory we can get into the country and get it out to the marketplace to the consumer. But generally speaking, we're pleased with the makeup of the HOKA business globally. We're seeing great traction in the international markets. North America continues to be very strong. Strong sell-through -- and the challenge is that accelerated demand has put more pressure on the supply chain. So we've had to go secure additional sourcing partners in the Far East. And that doesn't happen overnight, obviously. So with the challenge of slowed inbound into the DC on a regular basis, bringing on new factories to be able to keep up with the increased demand over the next year and beyond. There's a lot going on there, but the bottom line is the demand is exceptional. The teams are doing everything they can to keep the brand heat going and stealing market share. And as you saw in the quarter, in the year, we're spending money to maintain the sales even at 30%. So we are air-freighting a lot of products. That's a headwind that we've absorbed this year while still delivering guidance of a healthy operating margin at the end of the year, and something we're going to continue to evaluate. But we are taking, what I would say is a more cautious, but aggressive stance on the HOKA brand and all of our brands, the goal is continuing to drive top line and steal market share where we can. And we have to pay some more in air freight and short-term to enable that growth and continue the dominant pace that HOKA has, we're comfortable doing that. And we're figuring out how do we absorb that, but still deliver top tier results, which is what we're doing and confident that we can mitigate the challenges going forward.
Dave Powers: Yes. I mean these are all what you're describing are all the levers that we get to pull in this environment. And the good news is that the strength of the brand gives us the ability to raise prices where we think we can -- and to give you a little bit more clarity on that, HOKO started raising prices in December in our Spring product and on some of the Bondi, Clifton and Rincon. And that a lot of that price increase is hitting right now in this quarter in Q1 roughly around 6% to 8% increase across the board. And the HOKA brand is continuing to look at opportunities going into fall and next spring to continue to do that to offset some of the headwinds in supply costs. From an UGG perspective, we've been raising prices strategically and surgically over the last couple of years. But we are taking a broader look at the assortment for this coming fall and you're going to see some price increases on some of our bigger styles, not the classic short, but you'll see it in Neumel and Classic Mini and other few areas where we are going to be raising prices. We have a good deal of inventory coming in for UGG, which is at the older price, the cost of making that product, which is good for us. So that helps with the logistics headwinds and then some of the price increases that we think we can put in will also help on the margin going forward. But I think I just want to make it super clear. We don't see the challenges with supply chain and the bottlenecks at the port, getting better for quite some time. And so we're taking that stance going forward that what we're experiencing now is going to continue, and we're planning the business going forward. With that in mind, until we see signs that things are opening up, but we have not seen any of those signals yet.
Dave Powers: Yes. So I think are kind of you're saying is there a shift between quarters. Remember, we haven't talked much about the quarter cadence. So we're really looking at this kind of on a full year basis. I know various models kind of had different scenarios in terms of what kind of what was projected for UGG. As we've said, largely the year is being delivered as we've said and expected from an UGG perspective. So -- as we said at the beginning of the year, we expected that there are going to be shipment timing issues between quarters, which is part of the reason that we haven't given quarterly guidance. I think earlier on, we anticipated more growth in the front half of the year. We've seen some of that drift into the back half. But I think from how we're seeing the cadence of the year from an UGG perspective, we're still on target with kind of what we've said, and we've seen the cadence of the business kind of continue as we expected. So in good shape, I think I agree with you. I think there was some concern on the performance of UGG in the quarter. I think we've demonstrated the brand has performed well, demand is still very strong and consumers are seeking the brand out.
Dave Powers: Yes. So just on the product launches, obviously, with the supply chain challenges, the brand team has had to adjust on the fly the timing of different launches based on where they can get all the inventory here and time, et cetera. It's early days in the Kawana. We're excited about what that could do from a cross-training perspective and bringing that type of running product to a unique consumer that's looking for that from us. But we'll continue to innovate and expand into different categories as we go forward, but it's early days on that style. I think from a store perspective, we're very pleased with how things have gone so far. The store in New York is far exceeding expectations, and I think that is a good signal when you have awareness of a brand that you can see strong growth the experience that we're seeing in China is good from a traffic perspective, but conversion isn't quite as high as we'd like to be yet. And so that just speaks to people getting familiar with the brand over time. It's early days in China. People are still relatively unfamiliar with the brand. But the experience that our stores are providing for the consumer there and giving confidence to our partners in the marketplace is very strong. And so we're pleased with how things are going. But a heavy lift over time to get China to where it needs to be, but we're off to a good start. And then real optimism around what a store concept could do as we expand into the US and Europe over time as well.
Dave Powers: Yes. DTC business for UGG was very strong. As Steve said, particularly in the back half of December. We saw a real uptick in that business, and that continues to be a solid driver for us. And just speaks to the consumers' demand for the product. If they can't find it in wholesale, where they like to shop. They're coming to our website, and we're doing our best to service them. Broadly speaking, I'm very pleased with how the UGG brand is evolving and has evolved away from the core Classics business. We're still -- we still have a robust and healthy business there. But it's much more diverse across Tazz and Ascot and Mini and Tasman and Neumel, et cetera. The Neumel is a runaway story right now. It's the number one style across men's and women's, doing incredibly well, and it's being adopted globally and in sports lifestyle channel that is really driving a lot of business. Men's is on the upside, as we've spoken about. Kids is on the upside. And then when you look at apparel, that business seasons are now starting to contribute to some of the growth -- that business is up 50% year-to-date and with still a lot of upside in that category as well. So when you think about where this brand was a few years ago to where it is now, diversified across gender and category and then head to toe and super pleased with how we're seeing the international regions evolve both in wholesale and e-commerce. So yes, we could have done more business in the quarter with UGG. If we had -- we were able to get our hands on more inventory, and that's slowly coming in Q4. But again, the brand is in a very good place, management of the assortment and the SKUs in the marketplace is very tight and very strong, full price sell-through was there, margins are healthy. A lot of reason to be optimistic for a brand of this size. Certainly not the upside on an annual growth basis that you see with HOKA, but still very strong in the context of the footwear industry.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I think at that point, we'll be able to share. I mean, we still need to make some investments in the business to sustain and afford. And from a logistics standpoint, DCs, infrastructure systems, talent, with this kind of demand and growth ahead of us, there's going to be some additional investments we'll need to make and we'll talk more about that going forward. So yes, to know that we could have done 20% this year with -- if we had taken out the air freight, makes us feel good, and I'm really proud of the team's ability to adjust this year to still deliver on our operating margin guidance. At this point, considering the fact that we had to absorb a $100 million bogey in the year. That just speaks to the flexibility of our model and the capabilities of the leadership team.
Dave Powers: Yes. I can give you inventory by brand. I don't have the in-transit rating front of me, but roughly speaking, yes. So as I said, in total, the in-transit is just above 50%. So 50% of the $551 million is in transit. The $551 million, as it roughly breaks out by brand is about $350 million on UGG, $130 million on HOKA, $27 million on Teva, $10 million on Sanuk and a little over $26 million on Koolaburra.
Dave Powers: So new partners in Asia. So I think you might be referring to what I said earlier about HOKA retail stores. But the best way to think about that is partners that we have on the distributor model over in Asia. We're seeing very strong demand in those partners outside of China and Japan, we get Australia and some of the Southeast Asia countries. And then in China, what I really meant there is, over time, we will mirror the model that we've established for UGG with a handful of healthy owned retail stores and then third-party wholesale partners in region who can run stores for us. So in China, what I was speaking to is having a retail presence and showing that we are investing in the brand and creating a compelling experience for the consumer, that's all good for the distributors, potential partners that we're evaluating at the moment to see how Deckers is getting behind HOKA and gives them a lot of confidence for this brand going forward.
Dave Powers: Yes. I mean, where we're able to get inventory to our partners, again, sell-through is exceptional, both existing partners, primarily in the run specialty arena. But as we talked about before, DICK'S is continuing to see very strong success. We're continuing to slowly and strategically expand with them as a partner. And so the results and the feedback from all of our wholesale partners, aside from frustration on delivery and timing that the teams had to deal with is very strong, speaking to the product and the demand for the brand and how awareness is increasing. So all good signs there, and that's on a global level. It's just really truly a matter of keeping up the demand right now, which we see accelerating on a regular basis.
Dave Powers: Yes, it's a good question. Weather used to be make or break for the UGG brand because we were so reliant on just kind of core products and didn't have a lot of non-weather-related options or fashionable options. So that's changed dramatically. I think weather now is -- it's either a small multi-play or up or down a few percentage points. It's probably the way to think about it. It was warmer than we expected in December, but the strength of the brand and the fashion product even though the classic still performed well, but it's really new mail, Tasman and the flood franchise that was driving the upside. And those tend to be less weather resistant for us. And as weather starting to -- or for the month of January, where weather is coal in the Northeast, we're still continuing to see strong demand for the brand. So we feel really good about the fact that we've kind of mitigated that weather impact and how important it was for our success by having a much more diverse and interesting fashionable product assortment that isn't so weather reliant. And we're going to continue to build on that for sure. And then I think if you look at the rain product that's in now, that's always been a big opportunity for us, and we have finally come to market which, I think, is a very compelling and exciting assortment in that category, we see continued upside there. And so you're going to see us build after that opportunity across men's, women's and kids as well.
Dave Powers: Yes, good question, Jim, and thanks kind of for asking because we can provide a little clarification because it is challenging in the current environment, and that is why we're being careful about it. I think -- and we got the before I think John asked just in terms of some of the components of it. We're having to use more airfreight than what we previously anticipated, your first question. And part of that is just with some of the disruption that we're seeing continued port congestion and having in-demand brands and especially with HOKA, we need to air freight that in. So that's going to be a continued kind of headwind until we start to see some normalization around the port congestion. We're not seeing any signs of that yet. So that is a bit of an unknown as to how long that will continue. So we want to be careful about what we're seeing in respect to when we can expect to see that reduce or normalize, right? So -- and I think, as I said in three months, hopefully, we're seeing some improvement, so we can give you a better update. But right now, nothing points to that. I think the other consideration and headwinds that we're dealing with as much of the inventory that we brought in this year has put a headwind pressure related to the ocean freight. So we've been inbounding inventory. The increased expense has largely impacted Q3 and beyond, right? The first two quarters were still at inventory freight levels that were at lower rates. So that will be a continued headwind for us as we go into FY 2023. And again, we'll be able to provide a better perspective on FY 2023 in three months. But those are the headwinds that we're continuing to face. As I said in the prepared remarks, we were hopeful that we would see some improvement. We're still seeing a high level, nearly twice what we saw a year ago with in-transit inventory. So with these costs still where they're at, we're still using air freight and more than what we previously anticipated, it's just really difficult in this environment to be able to give you clear guidance on what that gross margin means. And -- so how that relates to prices is because we know some of this air will reduce in time. We just don't know when. We're not pricing that into our product price increases. So we are increasing prices that are offsetting material increases. We are increasing pricing that's setting, that's helping offset some of the increase in ocean that we expect will continue, but we're not contemplating trying to offset airfreight in that. As we said in the prepared remarks, is a strategic decision on our part to get product in here to meet demand that's in the market. We want to maintain and grow market share. So that's the strategic levers that we're using and it does come at some gross margin compression, but we're willing to take that. And then as that eases off we'll be in a better position where you'll see some gross margin expansion.
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question, Jay. The need to continue to market this brand is intense. And I think just -- and it's beyond just the amount of dollars you throw at it. The partnerships are crucial. We're really proud of our Global IRONMAN partnership, and that's having an impact in all the international regions as well. We're looking to expand that where we can into other opportunities, continuing to work with our athletes, both in insights on product, but also expanding the breadth and the awareness of the brand and supporting our community around the globe. Those are all part of the things that we do on a regular basis. That's true to our brand and really important for the continued success. But over the past year, we brought in a new Head of Marketing to the brand. Norman Delaney, who is doing a great job. And she's also embarked on a project where we're looking at bringing on a global -- or we have brought on a global agency of record to take what we're doing from a marketing perspective to the next level. I think we've been very good at events and independent launches of products, but we're looking for – in this new approach going forward, a much more consistent voice and message and look and feel for the brand going forward on a global scale. So you'll see that to start to happen in Q1, Q2. We're going to be launching a new updated website with the brand and some of that new creative will start showing on that over the summer. And then we'll continue to build on that. But the regional global teams are very excited about the new partner from a marketing and agency perspective. And then I think this is going to just be another boost to the brand to have an elevated, consistent global marketing story that we can create more consistency across all the product launches and in the markets. And then we also signed on in addition to iron Mariner sponsorship of the primary sponsor of the UTMB series going forward. These are very important races in the space, have global reach and they're very -- the Pinnacle positioning for both hardcore runners, but also everyday runner and fitness enthusiasts.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Camilo, this is Steve. Just to add to that. You mentioned increasing price to offset. On air, we're not necessarily seeing or looking to offset the air in.
Steve Fasching: So the increases that we have are offsetting material inflation and ocean freight, but we see air more as transitory -- at what point does that get better, we're not certain, but we won't be able to completely offset the air increase.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I would add, if your question was, do we see inventory delivery shift from Q4 into Q3? No, because we were chasing inventory, the majority of the quarter. There was some shift of Q3 in Q2 that we contemplated on the year-to-date results. But I think what's important on the quarter for UGG is just to understand where the growth came from. And a lot of the growth came from international regions, which is something we've been working on in transforming those marketplaces to a younger, more diverse audience and diverse product offering, consolidating wholesale accounts in Europe, the marketplace and attracting and having success with a younger consumer. -- with new product franchises such as the Fluff and the Classic Clear and the Tasman. So I'm excited about the fact that it's right on strategy, what we've been working on in those regions for the past few years. We're starting to see the results of that. It's very exciting. And it just shows the strength and the global appeal of this brand and the fashion product that we're putting into the assortment.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then -- this is Steve, Laurent. Just on the DTC mix, I think what you'll see in the quarter is we had strong DTC performance and it was especially strong in December. So we benefited with some short supply out in the wholesale channel, consumers coming directly to us. And I think that starts to demonstrate the strength of our DTC and omni capabilities, not necessarily representative of where the mix will be on a full year basis as it's stronger in this quarter, but a good demonstration of the progress that we're making on that front.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Thanks, Jon. It's a good question. And clearly, it's something that we're looking at. We, again, haven't given guidance, but I think the way you're looking at it is right in terms of what the impact is. Now we did in the current year, cut back in other areas. So those are probably things we wouldn't necessarily cut back in a normal year. So you're right in terms of the $100 million, if you add that back, you get to kind of a 20%. But we have course corrected during the year and not spent as much on some other areas of the business that we typically would. So I would say stay tuned, we'll be able to give you a better picture of what that looks like. And then the other thing is it's just trying to determine when all this begins to normalize. I think a big component of the $100 million, it's clearly air freight. We're hopeful that things begin to normalize, and so we wouldn't have to use as much air freight in the future. But still, there's factory disruption, there's still port congestion. And with a brand like HOKA, we're having to use more air than what we even anticipated kind of three months ago. So that's something that we're still watching. I think the other thing just to be aware of is the increase in ocean freight. And so I think that's going to take a lot longer than the air to begin to normalize. So we'll see how all that shakes out. I think we're going to learn more in the next three months, and we'll be able to give you a better perspective of what that looks like in a couple of months on the year-end call.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then just the guidance by brand, Sam, this is Steve. Really not a significant change. We've held the top end of the range. So feel comfortable with what we've given before. We've lowered the -- we -- sorry, increased the bottom end of the range. You can attribute that largely to some improvement in the UGG Q3 performance. So there, again, ranges consistent with what we guided to before and pretty consistent with what we said last time as well. And then – yes, sorry.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So merch margins, I mean, generally speaking, the work that the teams are doing is to absorb additional costs that we're starting to see whether those materials or labor embedded into the product cost. So I would say that the margin upside is -- any upside that we see will come in price increases. The regular work that we're doing on merchandise margins is really to maintain the level of margins that we have now versus finding efficiencies and opportunities to increase margin in this environment. And we're taking a long-term view of this. As I said, we're reducing SKU counts. We're being more focused, and we're investing in and eliminating unnecessary products in the line and trying to make more -- this more efficient, but it's really maintaining margins at this point versus looking for upside in this challenging environment.
Steve Fasching: Okay, this is Steve. So we're not seeing significant cancellations. I think to the point you made, we're seeing kind of what we -- are lower than what we expected in terms of cancellation. So there -- as the brands continue to remain in demand continue to sell customers are happy to get product. So we're not seeing anything that we didn't expect. So I think from a cancellation perspective, everything is as we anticipated. And the second question was…
Steve Fasching: That is. Yes. So in I think you've asked the question a couple of quarters ago. So yes, in terms of -- we have stepped up the incremental amount. The full year is $100 million for all of freight. So not only the additional air freight, but inclusive of the increased rates related to ocean freight.
