Angel Martinez: Well thanks, Steve, and thank you to everyone, for joining us on today's call. We closed out fiscal 2016 with a solid fourth quarter performance that was highlighted by double-digit topline and EPS growth on a non-GAAP pro forma basis, a meaningful increase versus a year ago. I am proud of our team's perseverance following a challenging holiday period to deliver non-GAAP results that exceeded guidance, while also executing the strategic initiatives and restructuring that we believe will allow the company to gain market share and deliver profitable growth over the long term. With that being said, we're aware that the retail industry continues to undergo a significant structural change fueled by technology that is changing consumer behavior and impacting what they buy, when and how they buy it, and how much they pay for it. To succeed in today's environment, companies not only need authentic brand position and compelling on-trend product, they must also have the infrastructure that supports direct and personalized dialogue with consumers, efficient premium service levels, a customizable differentiated shopping experience, and the ability to scale internationally. The strategic initiatives we've made over the last five years have put the company in a great position to win on these critical fronts. This is included building a highly advanced global Omni channel platform, enhancing our supply chain including the addition of a new state-of-the-art distribution center, bringing in experienced professionals to work alongside our talented group of employees around the world, and developing a strong international presence. On top of this, our product engine is stronger than ever with new innovations fueling excitement and freshness throughout our brand portfolio. With a solid foundation now in place, I've decided that this is the right time to retire as Chief Executive Officer, effective May 31. Our succession plan has been something that the Board and I have been working on for quite a while now. It was incredibly important for us to find the right person and I am proud to announce that Dave Powers will assume the CEO role. Since joining the company in 2012, Dave has exhibited all the qualities that we need in the company's next leader. As many of you know, Dave is a seasoned footwear and retail executive with a career that includes Senior Leadership roles at Nike, Timberland, and The Gap. I've great confidence that he is absolutely the right person to elevate our brands to new levels and drive the company forward. I'll now hand it over to Dave.
Angel Martinez: Thanks, Tom. While during the past 11 years, I've had a good fortune of working with an incredible group of people, build a very special company. It has been a privilege of serve as Chief Executive Officer and I want to thank everyone who supported me along the way, starting with the entire Deckers family and Board of Directors as well as our world-class retail partners and suppliers and finally our analysts and our shareholders. I appreciate the interest you’ve shown in the company, although I can't say I am going to miss addressing you on a quarterly basis, but as Chairman and of the shareholder in the company. I do look forward to assisting Dave and the Executive Management Team in building on the strong market position and solid financial base that we've established. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Angel Martinez: It's not dramatic due to the account closures. A lot of the account closures, that 200 number that we represented, overall while it’s a big number, it's a small percent of our total business. So it's more just to do with the overall situation in the marketplace. We feel very good about the product we’re bringing to market and the go-to-market strategy that we have in place. So a little bit of that number is self inflicted because we got to closing accounts, but the majority of that is due to whole partner open to buy.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, the $35 million number, that was an annualized number and we think for the fiscal year in '17 we're about half way there. From a store perspective, the stores are going to close, they're going to be more later in the year. So we’ll still have fair amount of the store operating expenses for the year. I think we’re halfway there on the Sanuk and our new portion of operating expenses and we feel good where we're at in terms of reaffirming that number on an annualized basis going forward. We do have some of the reinvestment that we mentioned in fiscal year '17 as well because we do have some additional marketing we've put in to the plan this year mostly around HOKA.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, great question. I think the best way to answer that is really around making sure your supply chain can react to that. And so David Lafitte and the team and the operations team and generally across the company, we're very focused on adjusting our time to market and our speed to market, that includes product development timing to market being able to fast rack product from a trend perspective, but also balancing out our production over the year and working closely with our factories so that we can turn deliveries around faster, pretty mostly on core items to be able to react to trend. So, it's not prefect to where we want it to be today, but we can react pretty quickly within core styles, roughly 90 to 120 days on to partners floor so when we get into the beginning of the fall season we can still react pretty quickly to some of those key styles.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, it’s a great question and I think what we did last year with our Slim and Luxe products by testing those products and launching them in our DTC channels first and then being able to go to our key wholesaler comp and show them the sell through and the size scale analysis and the consumer type really helps the wholesale teams sell that product in at a much stronger rate. And the Slim is a great example. It was a top seller for us in DTC last year. It's going to be a top five style at wholesale this year and that just speaks to the beauty of having the DTC organization that is tightly connected to the wholesale team, leveraging the learning, leveraging the go to market expertise that we have, the presentation and that’s something you're going to continue to see us do is test and learn quickly and as soon as we get results, we’ll take it to wholesale but it's not a blind sell into the wholesale accounts. It comes with the analytics and the sell through data that we have through our DTC channel.
Angel Martinez: I would say it's less the target approach. It is still positioned as a better brand within that sub $100 sheepskin boot market. So, it is going to come with the level of quality that we think is exceptional out there for those price points and we're going to stay focused on that, but we believe that there is a large opportunity in the marketplace for consumers who want quality, who want styling that fits their wardrobe and their lifestyle at a better price. Specific channels it's hard to say at this point, but I know the major footwear chains and some of the value department stores is lot of business there. That’s why we're starting this fall what I would say is more of a pilot to get out there and get a read for it and customers react to it and then we'll adjust our strategy going forward but we are also extremely mindful of the fact that we do not want this distribution to overlap with UGG. We’re segmenting the marketplace strategically and thoughtfully and we’re going to continue to elevate the UGG brand while we create an opportunity for Koolaburra.
Angel Martinez: Yeah. So I can speak to that a little bit and Tom can jump in. Business oversees in the international business has been pretty stable. We went through a lot of the last 18 months with the China business transitioning the office, re-pricing in that market, getting a hold on consumer shopping patterns. That business has stabilized. The Japan business, as you know we've really transitioned that marketplace to be a wholesale dominant market place to DTC including concessions led marketplace to the brand is healthy and strong there. We're having great success with spring sell through and new product in the men's business. And then I would say Europe has really kind of hit a stabilization point as well. We're seeing comp stabilize in that marketplace. The transition for Germany is going well and Sergio and the team they're really focused on executing and elevating the plant. In Europe the same way we're doing in the U.S. 
Angel Martinez: Yeah, just to kind answer the -- I think I know where you going. So ASPs if you look at for FY '16 lower than they were on the prior year, primarily driven by the lower promotions -- sorry, the higher level of promotions driving lower ASP. And then as we look out in our guidance, we are assuming a higher level ASP in the guidance because of a slightly lower level really promotion as well as bringing on the new classic which will have the higher price point without the promotion in the Slim.
Angel Martinez: Let me just say it's been an incredible honor and privilege to be the CEO of this company. And I couldn’t be more excited and enthused about Dave Powers stepping into the role. Over the last 11 years I've had this incredible good fortune of working with so many special people to build an incredible success story in Deckers brands and we’ve created tremendous opportunity for a lot of folks. So, I look forward to continuing to assist Dave and the Management Team as we move to the next chapter and it's going to be a great ride.
Tom George: Hey, Jonathan this is Tom. It was roughly $10 million that shifted from the first quarter into the fourth quarter and that was purposeful. We really wanted to make sure we got those shipments out to the customers, so they could turn at retail because we were getting ready to go live with our business transformation effort.
Tom George: This is Tom, just add to that Corinna, just to confirm we’ve got flat revenue growth guide as well as a down 3%. So another driver is the down 3% is we assume more cancellation relatively to the orders for the year.
Tom George: On the wholesale side, our international business we're really pleased with how that book is actually up -- the backlog is actually up relative to the prior year and they normally order closer to in season, so that was really pleased how that went and then we talked about the domestic wholesale business and that backlog as of that point in time is lower relative to the total company backlog, but we've been pleased with how we've been pre-booking since the date of the backlog.
Tom George: Scott this is Tom. The majority of that excess inventory is the UGG weather product and some slippers and some casual boots, and that is being carried into the fall 2016 line. And since the last call we've also made a lot of headway on being able reduce our future buys going forward. So we still believe by the end of June, excuse me, end of September, our second fiscal quarter that our inventory levels will be more in line with our relative sales levels. Maybe still be higher relative to a year ago, but not at the same levels that our current inventory levels are.
Dave Powers: Yeah, happy to speak to that. It's in the early days of development, it's something that Stefano and I and the UGG team have been very focused on over the last four to five months strategically mapping out the right marketplace strategy for North America. And inclusive of that is up -- is identifying wide space opportunities. So if you think about, for example, the outdoor channel, the sports lifestyle channel, we're very strong within the Fashion and Department Store channel, but we believe there is an opportunity for the brand to extend its reach to new consumers in the outdoor and sports channel. So we're having initial discussions with those key players, but it takes a while to develop the product and the marketing approach to be successful in that channel. So we're going to be doing some testing this fall in holiday in some of those key accounts, and then it’s really a long-term strategy that you’ll see come to fruition probably more in fall '17.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So we've obviously been working very closely with our key partners. We're fortunate that we have very strong relationships with our key partners that have been built over the year. And going through the challenges in Q3, coming out of that and planning for this coming fall and holiday, Stefano and the team, they've been very close with those key accounts in managing the future going forward. They have certainly challenges that they're facing with regard to consumer traffic patterns and just in an overall marketplace malaise, but they understand the importance of UGG to their success and we've been working very closely with them to make sure that we have the right assortment going forward into broader assortment based off the new initiatives that we put into the Classic franchise. And so, they're confident still in the UGG brand, and we're still a key player for them, but the challenges they're seeing in a macro level are making things a little bit more challenging. And as I'm sure you can understand across the Board, department store open to buys are shrinking, they're looking at more of an at-once business versus their pre-booked business, which is why I think our pre-book is down 4% is actually a healthy number compared to what the environment looks like right now. So continuing to work with them closely, our goal overall is to provide the consumers in the marketplace the best product and the best brand experience we can. And as part of those objectives, we are taking a look at our marketplace strategy with a goal of elevating our presentation in key accounts, elevating that experience, and then cleaning up some of the distribution that quite frankly we think is not a positive representation of the brand. So, as you heard on the call, we're going to be closing roughly 200 doors, that’s strategic. The approach there is to make sure that we continue to elevate the positioning of the UGG brand, look for new distribution opportunities, make sure that the key players are supported the way that we need them to be, and they're representing the brand the right way, and then also looking into other opportunities in different channels as I mentioned as well. So it’s a long term strategy. You're going to see the initial stages of that take place this fall, but continuing to focus on the premium position in the UGG brand, we don't want to do anything to damage that integrity and every decision we make with regards to distribution going forward is going to be through that lens.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So that's a very important discussion and something that we've been working on for quite some time as you know, and I've been nervous over the last few years about reliance on the core Classic, and we've done -- we've made quite a few changes to broaden the breadth of the assortment. So I'm actually pleased with how the things are looking for fall '17. The core Classic is looking that it will be roughly 20% of the overall business. As you know, that's down from 50%, 60% three to five years ago. The non-core sheepskin, so things like the Slim, the Luxe and the New Street collection will be about 25%. And then women’s casual and fashion is about 20% and then slippers make up the rest. So a much more balanced portfolio. It's a balance across styles which also means it's balance across consumer types and balance across price and segmentation in the marketplace, which I believe is the right platform for us going forward. It's less reliant on one key style to do all the business for us. And it also provides us with new platform that we can grow off of overtime and to iterate up those styles within the Classics franchise and they continue to get after our casual boot business as well.
Dave Powers: Yeah, this is Dave. I can chip in on that. What we’ve done this year is we've taken a look at our key styles that we think there is upside in based on where they were booked and we've identified those 5 to 10 styles that we're going to take a position on in inventory to be able to react to. They're styles that will not require markdowns if things are stopped. We can carry those forward or sell them in Q4, but the biggest benefit we have now is our integrated planning organization which came with our business transformation efforts. We have a team that is focused on looking at inventory every single day addressing our demand, signal to the factories and managing the flow of inventory so that it's much more in line and that we have much more entail going into those decisions at the factories. So we can plan better for that based on trend and demand, but also react in season better than we have before.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So part of looking at the wide space and the opportunity is looking where we have the best opportunity to reach new consumers. And so we've been in conversations with Macy's that originally started around the opportunity of opening a concession at Herald Square, which actually I'm really excited to say we are going to open this fall. It's going to be on the main floor of Herald Square next to Louis Vuitton. So it's a great brand presentation to a global consumer. And at the same time we're going to be testing a premium presentation some of their top flagship doors in key accounts. It’s a very closely monitored partnership. We're also going to be testing roughly 20 to 30 doors in locations where we currently don't have distribution from our key accounts. So it's very strategic. It's very focused on brand elevating presentation. It's focused on controlling price within that channel and we think it's going to be additive to our base over time, but we're starting up with a test this year, primarily focused as I said on Herald Square and taking advantage of that opportunity in New York City. It'll be stories only. We're not selling online with Macy’s and again part of the test evolve from there. Amazon we're -- it's nothing new that we're talking to Amazon. We work with Amazon from a Deckers perspective and have been for quite some time and it's no secret that Amazon is taking share in the marketplace and becoming a major player. I think roughly 45% of searches online start on the Amazon website now. So our brand is on there now and our goal in negotiating with Amazon and working with them is to make sure that when the brand shows up on that site, that it shows up in a premium way and it's a positive experience for the consumer. It's priced right and its merchandise right. So it's early days of discussion of where we're going to land with Amazon, but it's been an ongoing partnership for some time and as we look at the realities in the marketplace and how things are shifting and where the consumer is shopping, I believe it's in our best interest to partner very closely with them and control our destiny.
Dave Powers: Koolaburra yeah. So the major department store working with is going to be Coles. We'll be launching with Coles and again we've partnered closely with them. They understand what we're looking to do from a brand integrity perspective with pricing and positioning and placement. We think that, that consumer we know from talking to Coles that, that consumer is looking for our type of product. So we're doing a pretty significant test with them a few hundred doors. And then a couple other major box retailers that aren’t finalized yet, but I think it'll give us a good broad base test across different retailers, different consumers. We'll also be selling online at Amazon with the Koolaburra brand and on the Koolaburra website.
Dave Powers: And with regard to Koolaburra, so when we launch this fall, it will be brand in Koolaburra by UGG, obviously by UGG is secondary. But we felt through internal conversations, internal conversations with consumers and our partners. That there obviously is equity from the UGG brand that we can use to help launch the brand. We've also looked at brands that have tried to do a sub brand in the past that weren't connected to the master brand and those are usually generally less successful. So the goal is to leverage the equity the UGG brand to let people know that it's a value brand by UGG that they can trust, use that for the launch and ultimately over time drop the UGG into stick with Koolaburra.
Dave Powers: At the same time I think it's important to note that particularly with Andrea coming on Board now we're going to continue to elevate the UGG brand. It's premium position into a more accessible luxury space. So you'll continue to see us doing things from a product perspective, positioning perspective and marketing to maintain and elevate the premium positioning of the UGG brand at the same time. 
Dave Powers: Yeah Chris, great question. We feel really good about how that transition of the Classic has gone, especially since we made a decision to reduce price earlier and clear a lot of inventory in Q3. We had less than we had planned on originally coming into Q4. For the most part, the channel is pretty clean. We are taking back a little bit of inventory that we're going to continue to use to fuel our outlet business. So we'll be running the original Classic, the 1.0 so to speak in our outlets over time at the current price \for the reduced price. There is some inventory out there, the older classic and some smaller doors and some of the Bailey Bow or Button products and for the most part when we launch in July in major account, you'll see only the 2.0 or the new Classic on the floor. It won't be sitting next to the older classic except for perhaps a few small independent accounts across the board. But generally speaking the top 10 of our account, which is the majority of our business, will be clean and it will help pure presentation of the new Classic.
Dave Powers: Yeah, this is Dave, the goal of this falling holiday obviously is not to repeat the level of promotions. As we said last fall in holiday, the Classic and Bailey Bow Button promotions were one time event and the goal is to get back to normal cadence of markdowns that would be on seasonal product only and continue back to the full price carryover model that we had in the past. So, that’s why you see a little bit of conservatism in the plan as well is we want to maintain the integrity of the brand and the pricing and not have to get into a promotional environment.
Dave Powers: Yeah we have been focused on that for the past 12 months and then when you saw what we announced with the consolidation of the brands the Lifestyle Groups relocating HOKA and Sanuk into Goleta, those transitions are still in place and Wendy and team are looking at the restructure of how to best streamline those brands. But it is something we're continuing to focus on. We're looking across the organization and our supply chain network. Skew efficiencies within the brand, making sure that our ads and drops are in line with how they should be. And generally speaking, there is a mindset of here of being more efficient, more focused on the thing that are going to matter, but we’ll be taking a quick look or a hard look I should say over the next 50, 90 days of additional opportunities where think there is efficiencies in the organization at the streamline SG&A.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I’m really excited about that store design and if you guys have not -- anybody that hasn’t seen that its worth taking a look at the Disney spring store we just opened a few weeks ago. It represents the new brand positioning, which we rolled out last year, which is much more California casual contemporary. But if you think about the fact that we opened our first store 10 years ago as a footwear store and we've gone 10 years with expanded categories getting into new categories of lounge and apparel and accessories, it's time to evolve our store design and our store experience for our consumer. So, it is a little bit more younger, little more contemporary, little more modern, which we think represents where the brand is today. It does appeal to a younger consumer and it takes in all the things we’ve learned over the last year with regards to service levels, customer experience and a lot of the Omni-Channel capabilities that we've tested over the last two years. So the goal is to use that as the beacon for the brand and then we will take that experience down to our wholesale partners globally through shop and shops partner stores as a part of our long term effort to continue to elevate and reposition the UGG brand.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I would just add that I’m incredibly grateful for the opportunity to look with Angel and have the support of the Board and the organization I’m very excited to work with an exceptional leadership team that we have at Deckers, the existing leadership as well as new leaders we brought in over the last 18 months. Deckers is a special place. We are best in class in a lot of ways, but most importantly as the culture and in organization and great people that work hard and get after business so, I’m very excited to take on the opportunity that is great opportunity for all of our brands and all of our people globally and were very focused on driving shareholder value over the long term and continuing to do great things at Deceker. So looking forward to it.
TomGeorge: I think Chris, what you want to consider there is between the flat scenario and the down scenario from a sales perspective. Really the only swing item is in that December quarter. We would expect some operating margin expansion in the December quarter on the low case and then in the high case we would expect more operating margin expansion in that December quarter. The fourth quarter it is a smaller quarter and there is from a basis point improvement perspective that’s the quarter that has the highest basis point improvement. The first quarter is -- that’s relatively flat year-over-year and then the second quarter, the expansion is more in line with the total year number.
TomGeorge: On the down scenario we’re assuming a similar promotional environment we did to last year and on the flat scenario, we’re assuming a little bit better promotional environment.
TomGeorge: No, we had unit growth, the average selling prices when you put -- strip the promotions away, we now had some improvement there, but the promotional environment really put some pressure on that.
