David Powers: Thanks, Tom. We closed out calendar 2017 on a high note across our entire brand portfolio, channels and regions. For the UGG brand it has been a very successful fall winter selling season and as the trend continues into January the strength of the brand and its compelling product offering is more evident now than ever. Also as we announced last year, the board of directors is now actively engaged in the search for two new members that will coincide with the retirement of two current members. In addition, management, the board and the entire organization is firmly committed to achieving and exceeding our long term target of $2 billion in sales and at least 13% operating margin by fiscal year end 2020. Our third quarter results and updated fiscal year 2018 guidance further reaffirms our confidence in achieving the plan. Before handing the call over for Q&A, I would like to say how proud I am of the progress the entire organization has made on our long term plan. Our focus remains the same going into calendar 2018, generating healthy profitable growth to drive shareholder value and returns on capital. On behalf of the Deckers management team, I'd like to thank our police for their dedication and for driving a very successful fall winter season. With that, we are now ready for Q&A.
David Powers: Yes. Good question, you're really excited with the results particularly of the mini and the Neumel, I mean obviously those are core franchise styles that we can really build off of, but they also speak to the fact that we're bringing in new consumers into the brand. The mini from our research indicates a younger consumer is participating of the brand that style took off in the quarter and continues to be strong. And then the Neumel which we have specifically targeted as are our lead style to reach a younger male consumer continues to perform extremely well. So from an innovation standpoint, we've done a lot of work particularly in our classic franchise and in our weather product this year. Going forward, we're going to continue to utilize that innovation to create more styles that are that cross that boundary of fashion and function. On the women's side, making sure that the style looks good, but if performs it can be worn all day in any weather conditions, continuing to innovate around comfort and materially uses head to toe in our lifestyle product as well and then really spending more time on evolving the fashionability of our franchise styles going into fall '18 and beyond.
David Powers: Yeah. We feel really good about it. We spent a great load deal of care going into Q3 to making sure that the channel is clean the team did an amazing job of working closely with our key accounts to manage the right level of inventory not flood the market. And keep turns healthy we think we got another turn from the weather this season which helped a lot and then the other strong weather winter starting around the Christmas timeframe inflowing in through January has allowed a lot of our key accounts to continue to sell through their inventory and provide a few more reorder opportunities. So generally speaking, we're very pleased with the makeup of the wholesale channel and the quality of the inventory that's out there higher price let's close out and ending the season in a good makeup composition first brings that up and going into next fall the order book.
David Powers: We're still on that pathway, we still have targets in sight for revenue and operating margin improvement as part of our profitability improvement plan for FY20, there's some puts and takes obviously through this quarter and yeah, I'll let Tom tackle.
David Powers: Yeah. Great question. I have to give our wholesale teams a lot of credit for the way they've transition the market over the last year. We had him pretty significant account rationalization coming out of Q3 last year we had to close some sizable accounts and do some marketing our marketplace shifts to elevate protect the brand reach new consumers make sure that we're as efficient as possible and then a lot of segmentation work with reclassifying the marketplace between our core premium and pinnacle product and distribution. And so that is you're seeing the result of that this quarter better segmentation, better consumer reach, all accounts for the most part please with the quarter. There were some areas where there was some uncertainty when we opened up Macy's and when it damage done in a more robust way. Those panned out well and really feeling good about the work that's done. I'd say we're all more or mostly there I think you'll see the segmentation have a bigger impact starting this fall as part of development teams catch up to the segmentation plans and we start creating a specific product for each of those channels better segmenting them, better storytelling around specific customers and key accounts. Amazon the season went well we did have solid performance with them a little bit of pricing issues here and there but nothing significant in them pleased with how the accounts managed through that and we were able to get some sizable volume in key styles through Amazon that will benefit the bottom line and reach new consumers.
David Powers: Yeah, great question. Over the last year, we felt it was important and under Andrea's leadership and the UGG team to really signify a step change in the positioning and the direction of the brand and so some of that marketing out there is a little bit polarizing we've had mixed reviews on some of it to be honest but from more of traditional accounts, but what is resonating is the effect that it having on a younger consumer and we've made significant progress over the last year with the amount of 18 to 24 year olds buying into the brand, we made a lot a lot of we made up a lot of lost ground that we had over the last couple years and I think you're seeing that in the sales quarter in some of the new accounts and it's definitely helping bring new style to the consumer and showcasing as just more than just the boots and an item, that is relevant in different fashion circles it's relevant from a lifestyle head to toe perspective and really showing the energy of the brand. We're going to continue to evolve that we have some exciting things in the pipeline going into this spring in the fall and so as we continue to expand the reach for the brand through segmentation and product innovation that campaign will continue to be important. So I'm really looking forward what that to what the teams will do about that going forward.
David Powers: Yeah. I think that the million dollar question on the table for many people in the industry coming out of the one of the strongest holiday periods in a while. We certainly benefited from macro environmental trends in addition to the strength of the brand but whether with an impact and so we think that the weather impact is roughly about a $30 million in reorders for the brand. The good news is that the account sold through well as you said they're positioned cleaner inventories less close outlets markdown inventory in the channel. So the setup we feel good about the set up for next year the variable there is how are the key account in the marketplace going to be there open to buy as to whether this holiday was a kind of a onetime event or a sustainable benchmark that they can build up hope. So we'll take it with conservatively optimistic view obviously we're pushing for growth we're going to continue to drive that in the right channels and styles but we're mindful of maintaining the positioning of the UGG brand and not flooding the marketplace with supply again.
David Powers: Yeah, I think the from a macro level perspective the account a much more conservative on inventory and in quarters clean driving profitability and so you're definitely seeing that we've seen that over the last couple years really. I think you know for the most part from what I can tell we can tell the accounts feel good about how they've ended this season and want to maintain a momentum going to next year. People are looking for a return to growth or return to improve profitability I think we're starting to see store traffic stabilize a little bit but certainly the shift online is going to continue and I think people are just going to continue to manage their inventory selectively with the right brands and the right product and minimize the amount of hangover products so they can continue never healthy business.
David Powers: Yeah I think we the last couple years we spent a lot of time on inventory management. We have we still have work to do our inventory is a little bit elevated right now and that's a key priority for the management team going forward. But we make sure that who are buying process that we identify key style that we think they may be reorder upside in Neumel. Certainly the HOKA brand is one of those that has tremendous upside some of the innovative fashion for the season sorry the classics iterations for the season. So we'll selectively do that and I think it served us well this year. But we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and we're continuing to want to drive the growth that still in the season clean.
David Powers: No and I think for us against original road map some of the timing might be different. We're seeing faster improvements on the gross margin from our supply chain initiatives. Obviously we're improving operating margin faster than expected, so we're still evaluating the right timing for some of these puts and takes, but essentially still structurally behind.
David Powers: Yeah, we haven't shared the store count, but we're still on track to what we put out there as the 2020 target of 125 stores. We have some popup stores that we did this season that performed really well and we'll continue to utilize that strategy to go forward, but still staying on track to the store closure plan. And really just to reiterate what we said is, we're going to optimize profitability and cash flow to close those stores through lease negotiations and natural lease expirations versus than cash pay outs. So we're still on track to do that. The teams have done a great job improving profitability in the retail channel and leveraging the assets and improving SG&A and so we'll continue to stay on that track.
David Powers: Yeah, I think a couple of things. I think some of the exclusive products in our DTC channel paid off and having a reason to go to already commerce side to our store. I think the digital marketing teams have done a tremendous job of reaching our consumers in a more qualified and haggard way driving them to our sites. I'm particularly pleased with the ecommerce results despite the fact we did open Amazon, we had Macy's as a key partner selling online as well. So again see the strength of the brand and the work that the digital marketing teams are doing. And then in our stores I think we heard quite a few comments over the quarter and I would agree that the stores looked better than ever because of the lifestyle components in the stores, so more compelling head to toe storytelling, better presentation, helped with conversion, helped with ASPs and UPTs and so we'll continue to build on that momentum. I feel good about those channels going forward. There's still a traffic headwind out there and people shifting online, but our omnichannel capabilities are helping greatly and reopened in East Coast 3PL this quarter which improved our delivery time to consumers quite dramatically. That was an investment that we made, but that paid off in better customer service and better sales.
David Powers: Yeah, so we're making great progress in there. A lot of it has come down to material sourcing. We've done great work over the last couple of years on sheep skins, pricing and utilization of those materials. But the teams across the board from the product design and development and go to market teams and the supply chain have worked on shortening product development cycle on key styles, improving skew efficiency and just making sure that we are spending the time in the right areas so that the factories can provide better pricing on some of our key franchise styles that are going to help the bottom line overall. Continuing to move production outside of China into Vietnam, we've made great progress there and then continuing the consolidation of our factory base. So I think that there is still opportunity there and the teams are working against that and we'll identify that within the FY20 plans, but it's good to see that that work across board from the focus of the teams all the way from design to the store thinking is paying off sooner than expected.
David Powers: Yeah, so this is the second year of KOOLABURRA in the market place. We initially launched with course last year and the performance of that brand in course and other key accounts that we filter this year were great. So I'm very pleased with how that brand as performed. The accounts like it because it's higher priced in some of the private label and lower priced - quite a lot of boots have performed in that channel, so it's give them higher price, good and healthy margins which helps with their - obviously AFPs and their channel as well. As far as the opportunities to get it going forward, we're going to build on that momentum, we're going to send to some key accounts going into FY18, we have improved margins from the scale that we're getting through those accounts and so we still see KOOLABURRA small, but can be - have an impact on growth for the company over the next couple of years and we're continuing to drive that fast because it's resonating well with the consumer and important in those key accounts. With regards to UGG, if you remember when we launched KOOLABURRA, we said we're launching it so that we can better segment UGG in the market place. There are absolutely no plans to bring UGG down to course. That level of the market, the family channel or the mid tiered department stores were utilizing KOOLABURRA as a way to continue to elevate UGG market place, but filling some of that distribution gap with the KOOLABURRA brand, which we think has opportunity going forward.
David Powers: I think it's a broader success, but the sharp point is the younger consumer and what I love about it is you're starting to see - there's a slipper movement happening and I think the UGG is leading it and I think we're going to take full advantage of it both in men's and women's. Our Tasman style has been doing extremely well. That's a heritage style that's been in line for some time and you're starting to see that be adopted by a younger male and female consumer and a lot of the fashion iterations the team has done on slippers are working very well and getting noticed by younger consumers. So the course with the business is strong and the new slipper business that we are creating through fashion iterations and more of an indoor/outdoor mentality are performing well and creating energy for the category.
David Powers: Thanks. We're extremely pleased with our performance in the third quarter and this once again demonstrates we're on the right path. The team's ability to exceed our target over last year is proof that we're aggressively pursuing and implementing improvement opportunities and driving long-term value to our shareholders. I'm especially impressed with the tenacity and focus of the team despite the numerous distractions the company faced over the last year. This demonstrates the strength of the Deckers organization. Our board of directors, the management team and employees are committed to realizing our long range vision. I'm proud of all of our accomplishments to this point, but know there is still work ahead. I want to thank all of our stakeholders for their support and continued dedication to improving our organization as we continue on this journey.
Thomas George: Some of it really they increase some of its related to foreign exchange. Foreign exchange was a benefit to the top line in the margin but also had some more operating expenses internationally and there's also an increase in performance compensation this year relative to a year ago especially in the quarter whereas a year ago there was actually a reversal of performance comp, this year there's a provision. There's also some additional marketing that we expect in Q3 which definitely paid off and or expecting to spend a little bit more marketing in Q4 as well. But today's point for really good of what we've accomplished on the cost savings plan, we've got a lot of good visibility of additional cost savings for SG&A. Probably to add one more point we've got benefited in the quarter and for the year about 120 basis points of gross margin improvement and roughly $23 million related to our cost savings initiatives in the supply chain. Yeah I think that that the key thing to keep in mind is the supply chain improvement there are hitting the bottom line faster than we expected and we'll continue to drive against that opportunity. And so that benefit paid off as well as the reduced clothes in the channel more price selling help the margin and if you see the year round operating gross margin much better than expected a little bit higher SG&A but the bottom line profitability of solid better than expected.
Thomas George: Well, I think a lot has happened with tax reform and it's impacted us very favorably for the although we had some onetime charges this quarter related to revalue our deferred tax assets as well as put in a provision against all our earlier foreign earnings the real positive there is we've got a lot more liquidity we can consider going forward. So we're evaluating our capital structure at this point in time and evaluating that liquid the ability to invest in the business but in our top priorities increase shareholder value and the media priority is finish that $100 million share repurchase by the end of the year and get focused on the remainder of the $400 million authorization. Yeah. I think just add on to that we are definitely committed to shareholder return to increasing shareholder value. The buyback is important we stay committed to that and I think the good news is this with this cash position going forward again that's more alternative to increase shareholder value but also to invest in growth in the brands we have some incredible brands that still have upside a lot of opportunity globally in the marketplace and that's going to require some investment. But that we're still committed to what we said last year with regards to target threats why 20 returning shareholder value.
Thomas George: We've talked about before, I mean going forward the one thing to consider on the gross margin is we will have more supply chain improvements and I don't think you can plan this FX as you look forward. But another thing to keep in mind, as we grow the other brands, they don't really have as big a direct to consumer element, so the gross margin as we grow the other brands are - those gross margins and those brands are already strong, but they have great operating margins going forward. So there's really no change in terms of gross margin versus operating expense savings on how we drive that 13%, nothing has come to our attention there to really change that outlook.
Thomas George: As far as the comp assumptions in the fourth quarter, our DTC comp is expected to be up low single digits and that's compared flat euro going, so that brings the euro up mid-single digits relative to low single digits last year.
