Dave Powers: Yes, great questions. So let me address the first one around margins and AFP. Margin expectations for the entire classic category is consistent with what we had in the past. So I would say that's relatively flat. Where you are going to see AFP improvement is in the specialty classics and we have done that strategically going after some higher price point product, particularly for the DTC channels to maintain ASPs and drive upside for that category. With regards to retailer feedback, it's actually been a very healthy process for the last couple of months in getting our pre-book. The retailers, they lived through Q3 with a missed opportunity. So they came to the table excited about casual boots, weather products, some of the fashion boots opportunities in specialty classics, because they saw the opportunity over the holiday season. So the order book that we have now, I think is a very healthy order book strategically because we have utilized the retailers open to buy to invest in these new emerging categories, strategically brought down the amount of core classic inventories within their mix, which allows us to chase that business in-season. So I think it's a much healthier order book going forward. The response and the collaboration from our partners has been very positive and I think we are very optimistic about the back half of the year as a result.
Dave Powers: Yes. Its' pretty clean. We have been managing through that. We have been shifting out deliveries purposely based off some of the carryover that we had into the channel and we are just gearing up to be in a better shape to be able to feel that business in the back half of the year.
Dave Powers: Well, I think the first thing was our baselining off of last year and so last year it was, I would say, probably a more normalized year due to weather patterns and purchase recycled patterns. So we are baseline that and we are probably, I would say, up about 105 to 15% planning for the some upside in-season. But keep in mind, we are carrying more inventory to be able to chase that business. But we also have the flexibility in-season if we thought it necessary.
Dave Powers: Yes. So we have guided to low single-digit comp across DTC globally. So I think that's a smart approach. I think we are conservatives, still having some traffic pattern challenges in our tourist locations. So the store is more on the conservative side. We still see healthy growth in e-commerce and that's continuing to be high teen growth. So I think that that is a solid business for us that we are just thinking a little bit more conservatively about how we are approaching it. But we do think that we have upside coming into the fall holiday season through some of the new product introductions and some of the marketing focus on key categories and key styles.
Dave Powers: Yes. So the way you can think about it is, it flips from a retail dollars sale to a wholesale dollars sale, but on a net profitability, it's comparable.
Dave Powers: That's kind of hard to say. I mean depends on what happens when we get into season. I think I would be prepared for anywhere from 3% to 8% increase. We will have inventory to be able to chase into that. But it's hard to call the ball this early in the stage.
Dave Powers: Yes. If the trend continues, it could be strong and we see good weather for classics and good reaction to that classic business, I think that could happen.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think the ultimate number of stores that we have talked about long-term is still intact. I think basically we just slowed down in the current environment. Until we see what happens with the impact of FX on tourism, we get a better understanding of how the retail environment in general starts behaving. So this year we are being a little bit more cautious. We are taking some really safe bets. But we plan to get back to growth long-term. And I think that we will still continue to invest in stores. You have to keep in mind, outside of some of these key flagship locations that are really being impacted, the majority of our stores are performing well, particularly in our domestic mall stores and other locations as well as Japan and China are getting back on track. And then you saw what we stated with the comps in Europe, positive comps for the first time in a long time. So the core basic stores, I would say, is healthy. But with the traffic implications on our flagship locations that's where we are trying to a little bit more cautious.
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question. Now we are really excited about this. It's a very strategic acquisition for us. I look at it is as a category attack brand. We look at the global sheepskin related market out there, the market UGG really built over the years. In North America, we see that as roughly about $1 billion business, where UGG owns about half of that volume. Globally, we estimate it's about $5 billion business and UGG operates probably about a third of that share. So a pretty sizable opportunity for someone to come in and really get after that market share and it's really below $100. UGG occupies the space above $100 and $125 with very little competition. But there is a lot of competition, a lot of players at under $100 price point globally. And we think with our capabilities in this type of product, the relationships we have with our accounts, the inside knowledge we have from our UGG brand and the infrastructure globally that we can get after this market in a pretty aggressive way. We are pretty excited about it.
Dave Powers: We are working to sort out those details right now. We are going to have to reposition the brand, but we would like to get some product in the market by the end of this fiscal year to get a read, so we can heavy for fall 2016.
Dave Powers: The way to look at it is, the low single-digit increase in the backlog in domestic doesn't change on reported dollars. It's a slight change when you factor in the mail wholesale impact on that, but it's probably relatively flat on a global basis. So that's kind of how we are looking at it. With regards to filling the gap from what Tom talked about, we see reorders and cancellations probably roughly canceling each other out. It will be a wash between those two. The good news is, with the open to buy that the retailers have placed, there should a lot less cancellations than we have in the past with our classics open to buy, but there is opportunity to chase the classics business to fill that gap. What also is not contemplated in those figures right now is the introduction of a new style we are launching this holiday called the Classic Slim and that is a slimmer version of the classic. We are bringing it to market in November, December. It's going to be a big launch in our DTC channels and select wholesalers in North America and Europe. And then on top of that, we think we can continue to chase spring business, do some markdown business at a healthy markdown versus last year that we missed opportunities in some of those key categories in addition to maybe a few more closeouts to fill the gap.
Dave Powers: It's a few things. One of them is FX relative to the year ago, first. FX pressures and other things a year ago, we had some Tsubo and Mozo sales. There are other things. We have got some weaker store contributions this year relative to a year ago. And then finally, our Europe distributor shipments are down and that's consistent with FX pressures they are feeling in their open to buy, so to speak.
Dave Powers: In terms of the HOKA growth, we expect it to grow about 70%, 74%, most of that growth being U.S. wholesale, including some sporting goods as well as international distributors where the gross margins trend more in the low-40s. This shoe expect to make a little bit of money at the operating margin line with HOKA.
Dave Powers: Yes. Great question. We are actually seeing some great traction. As we mentioned in the last couple calls, casual boots, weather, those categories in footwear are very strong for us. In addition to that, we see men's as a sizable opportunity. We have a very healthy slipper business. We are starting to gain traction in the casual shoes and casual boot business. We had a launch of our Treadlite collection this past spring, which has done extremely well, high sell-through and initial look at spring 2016 product from our accounts is very positive. So we see growth in that category. And then loungewear is an emerging category for us as well. It's primarily sold in North American wholesale accounts who keep coming back asking for more assortment and more flow. A little bit in our DTC channel as we figure out how to showcase that product in our stores and online, but still tremendous opportunity internationally for that loungewear category. So long-term, we are looking at evolving the classics business across core and specialty, casual boots and weather as a core competency for the brand grants us tremendous opportunity and then loungewear as an emerging category for us well. And then on a high level, really getting after our spring and summer business with a real heavy focus on creating more upside in that time of the year.
Dave Powers: Yes. And Sam, the other thing that I spoke about when we were last together, we are taking a deeper inventory that in what I would say is our top ten styles for the season. Styles that have sheepskin base, that are very safe bet for us that we think come January, February we can do a lot of volume on those, that initial markdowns, if necessary. But we missed it last year because we were too clean. This year we think there is upside in the pre-book based off on the opportunity in the market to really go after volume at time of the year, healthy volume.
Dave Powers: I think we said you get one follow-up. But we will answer as many of these as we can. With regards to the backlog, so the way to look at it and this is very consistent again, Sam, with what we talked about last call and on some of our trips. The way the backlog is broken up now is, our core classic ends up being about a third of our mix going forward, specialty classics and knit is about third also, up from 25% and then the casual, weather and fashion is about roughly 24% of the mix, up from about 16%, 17% last year. So the makeup of the backlog is very consistent with our strategy to reduce reliance on core and really let the specialty classics and knits and the casual and weather product.
Dave Powers: Okay. So high level, core classics is down roughly 20% or so, specialty classics is up 20% plus and then the fashion boots, casuals roughly 25% to 30%.
Dave Powers: Well, weather is bucketed in there with casual boots and weather, because some of those depend on the styling and the functional detail. So we package those as one category, casual boots and weather.
Dave Powers: Koolaburra, okay. So with regard to your question on Koolaburra. So we are going to run this as part of our business development approach right now. So we have a small team, internal team working on this as we transition the brand from previous ownership into our ownership. We are working on a strategy right now, but we see this as a low overhead operation. It's really a category attack, specific targeted accounts, specific targeted categories and styles. We are going to run this lean to get it off the ground and then we will evaluate as the business grows over next year. But I also don't want to burden the UGG team with this opportunity. They have enough things to get after right now and particularly the new president coming in over the year, I need that team focused on UGG and we will take other people in the organization to get after Koolaburra. That being said, we will leverage the expertise within the UGG brand to make sure we position this product and category distribution correctly. And in terms of the UGG breakdown by channel for the fourth quarter, the total UGG sales were $217 million, $88 million was wholesale, $44 million e-commerce and $85 million retail stores.
Dave Powers: Yes. That's a good question. So the Classic Slim is a quick reaction by the DTC and UGG teams to get that product into market as fast as possible. So when we came through last year Q3, we saw an opportunity to evolve the classics business. And so we quickly worked through the UGG brand to create this new silhouette. They had it in the pipeline for fall 2016, but we fast tracked it into the business so we could launch it in a big way this fall in DTC and with key wholesale partners that we felt we can go back to after the pre-book is done.
Dave Powers: The retail price point is still working through. It will be higher than the core classic and it has some other qualities to it that are improved above the core classics such as some water resistance leather used, it has an arch and some other details to it. But we would like to position it a little bit higher on price, a little bit more special. Over time, this is certainly an incremental business over the core classic. But first thing to do is to get them in front of the consumer and see how they react and we can go from there.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think you are seeing a couple of things going on in the marketplace over there. Obviously the economic challenges are still continuing in that market. Whether the impact of FX on tourism is driving some of that upside you are seeing DTC is hard to quantify. I think there is probably a little bit of that there. But what it really comes down to is getting our DTC teams, particularly in the stores, elevating our leadership there, driving conversion in our stores, getting our merchandising mix correct. And that's the result that you have seen this past quarter. E-commerce in that market continues to grow at very healthy rate across all countries and I think you are seeing the migration from the consumer buying on wholesale into our DTC channels a little bit. Wholesale business, as you know, particularly in the U.K. is a challenge for everybody. We are not immune to that. But I think the changes we are making going into fall and holiday with the assortment mix, partnering with our key retailers is the right strategy and I am confident we will continue to see it provide upside there.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think that's a great opportunity for us. As we continue to evolve our organization and how we go to market as a brand and work with some of our key retailers, I think there is opportunity to better fine tune our marketing to drive sell-through in specific styles and also elevate our point-of-sale presentation in some of these key accounts. So that's a long-term thing that we are working on internally. With regard to this fall, we are very focused on marketing and driving product sell-through. So we have some big launches coming in fall and holiday. And I think the best expression you will see is the Classic Slim. The way our marketing campaign is focused on the launch of that item versus the lifestyle campaign and I think it's a core competency that we are going to continue to build on.
Dave Powers: Yes. Essentially the focus on technology is really around getting close to our consumer and elevating our digital marketing capabilities. We recently brought in a Vice President of marketing orchestration, who has a real strong digital marketing background. We purposely brought that person and his name is Jim Davis. He came from Urban Outfitters. And he is helping to elevate our capabilities in digital marketing, including our CRM. In fact he has introduction of the loyalty program this year. And so the main focus of our investments in that category of CapEx will be around getting closer to the consumer and allowing ourself to connect with them more digitally than we have in the past.
Dave Powers: Yes. Omar, I think you nailed it on that last statement. There is a large number consumers out there that love the fit and the comfort and the style of the regular UGG. And then there is also women out there who love the brand, but haven't necessarily liked that style for whatever reason, most likely from a style perspective. So we see this as an opportunity to leverage the comfort and all the equities that the core classic delivers but into a silhouette that might be looked at as a little more sophisticated, bringing new consumer into the brand and maybe perhaps a style that they can wear all day and at night versus on a more casual basis. So it delivers on all the equities, same comfort, if not better, in some cases, but a little bit more style for it.
Dave Powers: Sure, Erinn. So with regards to pricing globally, it is something we have take a hard look at. Obviously with the pattern changes across the globe from Chinese consumers traveling to North America and Europe, FX challenges in Europe, it's something that the teams are working on right now. I would say we do have an opportunity to address prices in Europe and Japan and China. We are not prepared to talk about any those right now, but it's something we are definitely certainly taking a look at for later in the year.
Dave Powers: Other than some of the other products that we talked about, the Classic Slim, other than the spring product and the closeout product, which normally books out towards the end of the year, as we speak right now, it's pre-booked at pretty much the same level.
Dave Powers: Yes. Our supply chain is a pretty well oiled machine when it comes to classic. We are looking when the David Lafitte's leadership. We are taking a hard look at our supply chain organization and seeing whether our efficiencies in the organization are in the process, I should say. The Classic Slim is a new introduction for us. We are going to leverage, obviously the factory base we have. But we are constantly evaluating opportunities for improvement in margin, improvement in efficiencies and inventory control. And then the other thing that we plan to that is our business transformation that's launching, going live this summer, that will allow us to have better control of our inventory flow, to and from the factories and to and from stores.
Dave Powers: As a percentage of the mix of the total use across the product line, I would say about 25% of them are leveraging the UGG Pure material. And we see that probably maintaining going forward, maybe going up a little bit as we get into new styles and leveraging that opportunity.
Dave Powers: Yes. So the ones that we have implemented over the last 12 to six months really run omni-channel capabilities. So the opportunity to reserve inventory online, to pickup in-store, to order in-store, those have been received very positively by the consumer and we are still working through some the operational impacts of that, what it means for the staff in stores, what it means for our DTC commerce businesses. But it's something that we are very pleased with the results and we see continued opportunities to leverage those capabilities and even more going forward. Some of the digital marketing capabilities that we are testing is geotargeting, more specific use of our database on customers and serving up specific merchandising assortments based off their past purchasing behavior. And then the implementation of our CRM program and a loyalty program launching in a pilot mode this year.
Angel Martinez: Just to maybe clarify that, that might be more the domestic wholesale channel in the December quarter.
Angel Martinez: Yes. This is Angel. First of all, I just want to again acknowledge Connie's contribution which has been extraordinary and big shoes to fill, obviously, for someone. Yes, we course will replace of the position but it will be someone with a different set of skills as well as an ability to sort of take the brand to the next level. It's going to require an experience level of having operated at a bigger scale already and as I said, big shoes to fill, but we have no shortage of interest in the position. So I think we are going to be choosing carefully. We are not going to rush ourselves. It has to be a cultural fit as well. In the meantime, Dave is stepping in to oversee with the UGG team, the UGG brand.
Angel Martinez: Let me comment on the direction of the brand. First of all, the brand is a total running brand. It was never intended to be an oversized brand. Yes, we invented the oversize category. But if you look through the coming product which will show up for spring 2016, we are introducing product that's slightly lower profile, closer to, it's hardly even say a traditional running shoe because that has been all over the map the last couple of years. But what I do know is that the norm for running shoes is looking a lot more like the HOKA product than it looks like a minimalist. So all the other brands are coming in HOKA's direction. HOKA is broadening to include shoes, for example for high school cross-country, for college athletes who are training for track and cross-country, in addition to the mountain product that we have done. So it's a very diversified total running offering. It is not just oversize.
Angel Martinez: And as far as the philosophy, the number one philosophy is to give the consumers as much opportunity with our product line as possible. A lot there for them and core classic has been a very, very stable product over the years. But we know that we can't go forward exclusively on core classic. So the classic derivatives and the casual product have been very strong and we have been migrating toward more of that product in the mix as you know. With that comes a higher level of markdown, because those products are more fashion driven, they are more fashion sensitive and they have a predictable lifestyle, rather a timeline. And we have planned for a slightly higher markdown on as a result of that. And that's all baked in.
Angel Martinez: And let me add on your last point, I don't consider this to be a radical alteration or change in strategy. I think what it is, is an evolution of the product line to further meet the needs of consumers. But keeping in mind that most consumers who love UGG have multiple pairs in their closet and we need to continue to give them reasons to buy more UGG. So yes, we are going to draw new consumers in with the Slim product, I believe but as much as anything else, this is going to appeal very much to the existing UGG customer. So this brand has always adapted. It's always been moving. It's not ever stood still. That's why we have derivatives. That's why we have casual product. That's why we have fashion product. So we are going to stay consistent and aggressive in giving consumers what they want.
Angel Martinez: On the UGG Pure side, based on this sort of let's look at it like a Phase I of the current product line in that, we are pretty fully implemented for UGG Pure in terms of linings and usage.
Angel Martinez: And keep in mind that as we move toward the integration of Koolaburra, you are going to have an opportunity there fully leveraging UGG Pure. In order to meet those price points, UGG Pure is going to become a critical component of that.
Angel Martinez: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call. I also want to acknowledge the hard work and the success that we had this year, because I thought it was a good year. Despite the headwinds and challenges, I think we have delivered very effectively for shareholders. I want to thank the entire staff of Deckers around the world for all their hard work and much appreciate all of your support. Thank you.
