Thomas A. George: Good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin, I would like to remind everyone that we posted a commentary on the quarterly financials under the Investor Information tab on our corporate website. In summary, our sales results were in line with expectations and we beat our EPS estimates, mainly due to timing around operating expenses. Now starting with revenue, on a constant currency basis, for the quarter revenue increased 4.5% to $221 million. On a reported basis, revenue increased by 1% to $213.8 million. Detailing out revenue by brands for the quarter, UGG was in line with our expectations. Sanuk was below last year and lower than expected due to industry headwinds in the core action sport specialty channel, and Teva and HOKA performed above our expectations as both brands continue to expand their reach. Gross margin was 40.5% in the first quarter compared to 41% last year. The change in gross margin can be attributed to FX headwinds from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which was worth 200 basis points. This was partially offset by a higher proportion of DTC sales. SG&A as a percent of sales was 70.3% compared to 64.9% a year ago. The year-over-year increase is due to additional retail stores opened this year versus last, increased marketing expense, Germany operating expenses, and expenses related to transitioning to our new distribution center. These expenses were consistent with our plans and we remain on track to deliver leverage in fiscal 2016 between 10 basis points and 20 basis points. For the quarter, we reported a loss per share of $1.43 versus a loss of $1.70 a year ago, and better than our guidance of a loss of a $1.52 per share. The difference between our actual results and guidance was due to timing around operating expenses that shifted between quarters. Regarding share repurchase, we repurchased approximately 625,000 shares for $45 million at an average purchase price of $72.69. As of June 30, 2015, we had $126.7 million remaining under the $200 million stock repurchase program we announced in January 2015. One additional item before I move on to our outlook. We recently reached an agreement to sell the MOZO brand. The proceeds from the sale will be recorded in our Q2 results. The decision to seek strategic alternatives for MOZO and TSUBO is consistent with our philosophy of selling our shuttering brands within our portfolio that do not meet acceptable financial and operational hurdle rates over time. Now moving to our outlook, based on our first quarter results and current visibility, we still expect fiscal year 2016 constant currencies revenues to increase approximately 10.5% over fiscal 2015 levels. Based on current foreign exchange rates, we still expect reported revenues to increase 8%. For the full year, our forecast is still based on gross margins of approximately 48% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of 35.8%. For the full year, constant currency EPS is projected to be approximately $5.68, which now accounts for the share repurchase in Q1, representing an increase of 22%. On a reported basis, earnings per share is now projected to be approximately $5.15, adjusting for the share repurchase in Q1, representing an increase of 10.5% over fiscal 2015 earnings per share of $4.66. For the second quarter, on a reported basis, we expect revenue to increase approximate 1% and earnings per share of $1.05. This would represent on a constant currency basis revenue growth of 5% and earnings per share growth of 20%. Also as a reminder, last year our Q2 results included shipments originally scheduled for Q3 of approximately $15 million. If you adjust for this early shipments as well as the currency movement, a more equivalent year-over-year comparison would equate to 9% revenue growth. To help put the back half sales in perspective, we currently see reported revenue in Q3 up approximately 9% and Q4 revenue up approximately 18% on a year-over-year basis. One final note in terms of our input costs and the impact on gross margin, we normally provide sheepskin pricing on our Q2 earnings call in October after we have concluded our contract negotiations. But early indications are that sheepskin pricing continues to remain favorable compared to the contracts we entered into last year. We believe our use of our UGGpure continues to play a significant part in reducing demand and stabilizing prices in the sheepskin market. If this trend continues as we expect it to, then we should be in a position to announce continued year-over-year sheepskin unit cost reductions, which would then benefit our fiscal year 2017 margins. We will provide a more detail update on our October call. With that, I will now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comments.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Mitch. This is Tom. Let's focus on the U.S. wholesale for UGG and we're still assuming reorders and cancellations are net-net, but I want to point out we do have the opportunity to chase fill-in business for classics and that would be upside to our numbers.
Thomas A. George: What we've included in our guidance is the share repurchase we had over the last quarter, so that's what the current share count assumes. I think, we really can't get into commenting about when and what price we're going to be repurchasing stock going forward. But we've got $127 million left on that authorization. You can see that we've done a good job repurchasing stock.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. And thanks to everyone for joining us today. We're confident that the infrastructure we've invested in over the past several years puts in place the foundation for us to capitalize on the many near-term and long-term opportunities that we believe exists for our brand portfolio. We're excited about how each brand is evolving and bringing product to market. And we feel good about our ability to achieve the sales and profitability targets we've established for fiscal 2016. With that, operator we're ready now to take questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Yeah, Omar, this is Angel. The other thing I think I'd like to point out is that what we've – the changes in our business that have occurred over really the last two years to three years have been substantial. And I think you know that, you've been following. We were strictly a wholesale company, we had a couple of stores. We didn't have an infrastructure to support the rollout of DTC the way we have now. I think originally there were just a handful of people, about 10 people running our retail business. So it's actually a significant shift. It would take a lot of companies five years or six years to do this, we've managed to do it in a much shorter period of time, very proud of that.
Angel R. Martinez: And the other thing really indicates a lot of strength with the brands from a consumer point of view, the consumer centric approach that we've taken allows us to be more reactive to what's happening in the market. And I think our wholesale customers are seeing that, they appreciate that, they realize that the consumer is moving very fast today, and is not in a mood to wait around for their needs to be met because everyone is a click away as much as anything else. And not to mention the nature of brands today requires that consumers to be in the center. And I think what our wholesale partners are seeing is that our brands are getting stronger, getting more relevant and adapting much quicker to the trends that are emerging in the marketplace.
Angel R. Martinez: It's now a question of how much – which of these are going to be the biggest volume drivers versus having to make some sort of fashion choices and adding another color, et cetera.
Angel R. Martinez: And I'd say from a target perspective, we've never been more confident, more comfortable in our ability to gain more and more leverage as the years go by. So we're very comfortable reiterating our targets relative to a mid-teens operating margin going forward.
Angel R. Martinez: I'd say, just to add generally speaking going forward, we still see some challenging comps in North America, but we're seeing some improvement in Europe going forward and we're seeing some continued improvement in Asia Pacific, driven mainly by our Japan business.
Angel R. Martinez: Also there's a lot of innovation. I mean, it's like every time I turnaround there's a new innovative idea, whether it's molding or it's materials that are allowing us to redefine what that road feel is like for that shoe, for that brand. It's very exciting. But of course, some of these innovations also happen to come at a better price. And so very excited about that. I think one of the things that HOKA does, obviously from the beginning it was visually disruptive. It looked like no other shoe you ever saw. But there was also a lot that is invisible and that is in the design, the engineering, the geometry of the shoe, all of these things are opportunities for us to redefine what a great running shoe is supposed to be. And we're using new technologies in the development of the product like 3D printing for example, which are allowing us to take a lot of the effort and energy out of the development cycle and which also improves our margins and that's a big advantage.
Angel R. Martinez: And we've always said that, our stores must be profitable. We've always driven a business model to run our retail operation that really has, I think a very high bar for profitability as you're seeing with the performance that Dave was talking about earlier. And so when we come across a scenario that we question, at that point you know what, that's probably one we can do without and that's how we'll continue to look at the portfolio of stores.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we'll continue to put a lot of emphasis and focus on digital marketing. We're starting to develop a lot of power around our CRM data. One of the advantages of having a DTC function is that you get to have a direct relationship with your consumer. So that's informing a lot of the product decisions that we're making. This classic slim is a great example. That came right from our consumers, and we learnt this a while ago that there was a significant number of women out there, 23.7% I think the number was, who said that they love UGG, they love the idea of shearling and sheepskin and comfort and luxury, but they couldn't get past the shape of the product. And this UGG Slim is a great answer to that. I think it opens the door to almost 24% of women who now don't have a reason to object to the UGG branding because everybody loves surely what it feels like. There were people objecting to the look of the product. In terms of our overall sort of philosophy about marketing, we're going to continue to drive as best we can not only a higher marketing spend but also a much more efficient marketing spend, which allows us I think to solidify the relation with consumers.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. Just to speak to that real quick. One of the things that we're really focused on is creating leverage in the organization and SG&A savings that we can invest into the brand and a key area of focus for investment into the brand is in marketing. We have opportunity internationally for all of our brands, particularly in China, and we have opportunity to invest more in the brands in North America through some really focused targeted digital campaigns. We have a new Head of Marketing Orchestration who is basically running our digital marketing for all of our brands, Jim Davis came onto the team about six months ago. He is bringing in some incredible capabilities. He is reevaluating our spend by channel and return on investment. He is working with agencies to make sure our spend is more effective and we're launching a loyalty program and a CRM program in the coming months that are going to allow us to better connect and be much more targeted with our consumers. And I think you're going to see the benefits of that and it's a healthy investment for the company.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We're seeing very similar pattern in Europe, because we orchestrated it that way. And so the conversations we've had with wholesalers is based off the learnings from last Q3 where we missed opportunity in casual boots and weather, we've worked with them closely to adjust their open-to-buy to be much heavier into those two categories. But we still have the opportunity to chase classics business and seasons. So we're taking an inventory position on classics and the hope is there that they will have positive sell through in casual boots and weather and some of the non-core categories. And then they will come back for filling in the classics business. But the trend that we're seeing and the timing in Europe is very similar to what we have in North America.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. Great question. So the premium style that is actually launching next Thursday. So you'll see that on our site and in our stores only next Thursday. That is pretty much solely a DTC exclusive, which is great. It's going to bring us higher average price points to our line and also drive traffic to those channels, which we're very excited about. And then the slim collection is a global launch as well in DTC. In North America it will be in select wholesalers such as Dillard's and Nordstrom. And then in European markets it will be in key wholesalers as well.
Angel R. Martinez: I can add a little bit of color to that. If you think about the opportunities that we missed in UGG the last Q3 and into Q4 because we sold out of casual boots and weather product that wholesalers and our own channels were looking for. As we stated in the last call, we've taken a deeper inventory position in some of those key categories, so we can have a stronger fill-in business in the season, but that will also lead into stronger business in Q4. And then across the board, the sell-through for all of our brands this past spring in extended categories beyond core and some of the key franchises in Sanuk, Teva and HOKA are leading to very healthy spring discussions with their key accounts going forward, too. So those two factors are the main drivers for the growth in Q3 and Q4.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, great question. Those are pretty exciting categories for us, especially the lounge category. We've recently, since the success of the initial launch in some of the key wholesalers, we've now put in place a dedicated sales team around that product category, and so we're seeing great reaction in some of our key accounts, again like Nordstrom's and Dillard's. And so we see nothing but momentum in that category. Still small obviously from a total contribution perspective, but the reaction for the consumer, the open-to-buy that's being generated for that business from our key accounts. Also a lot of independents are coming looking for that product, speaks to the opportunity we have within that apparel category, and how it's resonating with the consumer. Internationally, we still are in the early days. We're getting that into some of our DTC channels and a couple key accounts, but our goal is to really nail the success of that category here first. Home, I would say is more of a brand extension that creates excitement for the brand, another touch point for the brand. I don't see that as a major revenue driver, but again it brings UGG to the consumer in a new way that still delivers on the equities of the brand and we're looking at opportunities to bring that into some key accounts as well.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think that's a good point. And I know you didn't specifically ask for marketing, but I think the campaigns you're going to see starting next week with our premium product launch and then specifically going into holiday and our classic launch, we've made the decision to go back to product focused campaigns – still have an emotional connection with the consumer, but are really driving the consumer towards big ideas for the brand, new innovative product that we're bringing to the market. But at the same time, through social and digital and direct marketing opportunities, we're going to be talking to our consumers about replenishing their classics on a more frequent basis as well.
Angel R. Martinez: We're being very selective, as Dave said, and this person is going to have very big shoes to fill with Connie's departure. So it's a very tough act to follow, but the person is out there.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all. I really appreciate your questions and your time today on our call. As you can see, I think we're very excited. We have a lot of great opportunities going forward. And the brands continue to evolve and develop and gain power and momentum in the marketplace. So looking forward to sharing our results with you next quarter. Thank you very much.
David Powers: Yeah. Hey, Omar, it's Dave. Yeah, I think what you're hearing is all the investments that we've made over the last couple of years, we're starting to see those pay off, the work we've done operationally, the work we've done in merchandising, inventory management, building the leadership team globally, I think the fact that our global DTC operating margin is in the mid-20%s, reflects our confidence in this business going forward. We still see upside in e-commerce globally, we still see growth healthy profitability in our store portfolio globally. We're adjusting our mix, as we've spoken about on last calls with regards to outlets versus concept, size of store, et cetera. But a lot of the work that we've done, we're starting to see the positive impact of that. And I think the other thing that you're going to see coming into the third quarter back half of the year is the impact of us being able to take product to market faster with the introduction of some of this premium classics and the Slim Classics, those would be DTC initiatives that we're bringing to market fast and those are capabilities that we're continuing to build into our business model to allow us to react in the marketplace faster.
David Powers: And I think the – we're very focused on profitability. And if you look at the trailing 12 months of our comp store base, the profitability of those four walls profitability of those stores is again is in the mid-20%s. So there is a lot of room for continuing to build in that business. And I have a lot of confidence in the team. The teams are working together as one DTC team. We're getting leverage from those teams and the benefits that we're getting between stores and e-commerce both in merchandising and inventory management and a go to market perspective are pretty impressive and gives me a lot of confidence.
David Powers: Yeah. I think one of things that I've been really focused on in the last year is creating an Omni-channel organization and the DTC team is working very closely with the wholesale team. And that's something that our Deckers culture allows to happen very easily. And so the feedback that we get from our stores is quickly fed into the wholesale channel and fed into the account and we have very strong relationships, as you know, with our wholesale vendors in North America and Europe. And they are jumping to the table with more open to buy for new categories, particularly in spring. We had great sell-through in extensions beyond the core classic into casual shoes and sandals this spring. And so they're seeing a formula for the success that helps diversify our brand in their stores and also give them a more year-round business as well. We've had great success with the lounge category extension in some of our key accounts in North America. When it comes to segmenting our stores versus wholesale locations, we are doing that selectively, we're doing that in partnership with the wholesale locations. And one of things that we're really focused on is better segmenting our line between our DTC channels and our wholesale channels, so there is a reason to shop both.
David Powers: And I also think that they are seeing the benefit of a strong DTC business for all of our brands and how that also benefit our wholesale business.
David Powers: Thanks, Randy. So to just speak about the classics franchise, I'm super excited about the launch of this premium product that's coming out the end of next week, and then the Slim product that's coming out in holiday. I think our consumers are going to be thrilled to see the evolution of our classics style that they've known and loved for years, evolving into a more sophisticated silhouette and also evolving into more premium materials. And I think it just extends that franchise into new consumers and allows us to segment the product differently. The launch of the premium collection next week is a DTC launch, and I think we can do more of those going forward, where we launch new innovative products in our DTC channels first, get a read on them, and test them, and then we'll have a better understanding of how that will work for the consumer in the wholesale marketplace. So, it really allows us to extend, grow and reach that franchise into new channels and new consumers. And it's something that I think is going to be a continued focus for us as we look to take this classics franchise to the next level over the next few years. We are also looking at ways we can evolve the classic style, doing some tests on that with product innovation going into next year. Will there be a little bit of cannibalization? There may be in some of the core styles and when we introduce a product like luxe or the slim, but I think overall it's a plus business for the franchise and for the brand and I'm super excited about those launches. Regarding your question around operating leverage, we are very focused from a DTC perspective on creating efficiencies across our fleet of stores and e-commerce business globally, looking to where we can share resources across those channels, looking for how we can be more efficient in our stores. I think the fact that our trailing 12 months performance in DTC, our contribution actually over the last 12 months, have increased versus the year before despite some of the traffic headwinds we've had, speaks to our diligence around leverage and efficiencies in the business. I can let Tom speak to you, SG&A targets, but I think David Lafitte and his team are very focused on creating efficiencies that he can speak to, but we're partnering very closely with the operations team and supply chain team to find efficiencies in how we bring footwear to market, working closely with our factories, margin opportunities. And I'll let David speak to a couple of those if he could.
David Powers: Yeah. One other point I would add on that, Randy, is working with the brand teams over the last four months, we've been very focused on reduction of SKU count proliferation across the line and really getting the teams focused on developing SKUs that are going to be the most productive for us, bringing big ideas and big initiatives to market and really focusing on franchise items and categories versus assortment that can really drive volume for us and make us much more efficient through the development process as well.
David Powers: Well, just to speak to the DTC comp, so we're speaking to a total DTC comp going forward. I can tell you that in EMEA and Asia Pacific, the DTC comps are low single-digits compared to what we have in North America. But at a high level we said were flat for the quarter, but there is a very positive trend in North America e-commerce and then the European, Asia-Pacific DTC businesses. Still the challenges that we're seeing with regards to the comp are our tourist locations, as we mentioned on the call; that continues to be a headwind of ours that we're dealing with from the FX exchanges, but we see us being able to comp that business and return to a more normalized low single-digit comp for total DTC throughout the year.
David Powers: Yeah. I don't have the specific numbers for total SKUs in the UGG brand. I don't know that it would be that relevant for you anyway, but I would say generally speaking across all of our brands, we're targeting roughly about a 20% reduction in SKU count target. The one caveat within UGG though is we're looking to do more flow more often. So while we'll reduce SKU counts overall, we still need 12 drops of product a month for our DTC business to be able to – sorry a year – to be able to chase some of those trends. But overall, for all the brands we're starting with a target of about 20% reduction in overall SKUs.
David Powers: Just comes down to volume. Now that it's a 100% wholesale business – primarily wholesale business and still in startup phase from a production standpoint, and once we get into more volume, we see a little bit of expansion opportunities there and get into the right factories.
David Powers: Yeah, so good question. The decision to reduce our store count from 16 to 11 this year, really is based on real estate opportunities and some of the learnings we had last year with some pop-up tests that we had. So we'll still have 11 openings of owned stores, but in Japan, we found three great locations that we can do as a pop-up to test the geographics of that location, to see if it's an area that we want to expand into with a full price owned store. So the economics were great. It allows us to test and it gives us great return on sales in Q3 and Q4. So we're going to take three of those stores and turn them into pop-ups. The other decision was to hold up on a Hong Kong store that we had planned this year. We are originally looking at a location in Macau that we decided was too risky in the current environment of Hong Kong and the traffic patterns in Macau. But I'd say the slowdown from 16 to 11 doesn't impede our ability to get to close to that 200 number. We still have an aggressive plan going forward, there's some great store locations next year in the plan that we're working on now and so it really doesn't impede our ability to get to that 200 target.
David Powers: And as a percentage of sales to push marketing it's going to be very similar to the prior year, but to Angel's point, it's reallocation and more efficiency.
David Powers: Yes, and let me also add that, I think last year, and I've said this before – I think last year we made a mistake by focusing on a brand campaign during the holiday season versus the prior year where we were much more product focused during the holiday season. And in doing that, we gave the consumer a new reason to replenish their classic and their core product. This year you're going to see a return to that tried-and-true method. You're going to see a lot of reasons to go out and replenish that UGG core classic that you've got, probably now that it's two years old and our research shows that our consumer replenishes the core product every two years. So we think we're in a good cycle and we think we've got a campaign that's going to give a lot of stimulus to this need to go replace your old pair of UGG Classic.
David Powers: We're actually in the process of doing some focus groups right now with all three of our products and getting direct feedback, so that can influence our inventory position going forward. So it's early days on that. I will tell you that that product, I do believe, will bring a new consumer to the brand. It is, from a wearing occasion perspective, it's the kind of boot that you can wear to work, you can wear it out to dinner and dress it up, but it also has a comfort story to it. We're using our Treadlite technology in the outsole; it has arch support in the footbed liner; it has stain resistant defender on the outside of the boot. So I do believe that it's going to bring a new consumer to the table. It's also an extended wearing occasion. So it might have some cannibalization, but you'll still go home and wear your Classic UGG on a casual wearing occasion too.
David Powers: It varies by region, but essentially mid-November in North America. Yes, and as Angel said, it is at a higher price point so it helps their AURs.
David Powers: Yes. Great question, Bob. I am very, very bullish on our opportunity in the men's business. We actually recently have brought on – he hasn't officially started yet, but a gentlemen by the name Robert Koenen who has great footwear experience at Timberland and Cat and Hush Puppies for the Wolverine brand. He understands the men's business extremely well. He understands footwear. He understands the distribution channels and what it takes to win, and so he is going to start in August. He is already engaged in a couple conversations around redeveloping the focus for the line, building franchise styles, building franchise items. We've had some great success recently with our Treadlite program that we launched in spring and our Twinsole program. Our slippers business continues to be very strong. I think you're going to see some great response to our fall and winter boots this year. So I'd say we're at the tipping point where I think the men's business is going to start to takeoff. It's a healthy business for us, particularly internationally in DTC, and it's going to be a continued focus for us going forward. We think we can add significant growth to that category. With regards to marketing and Tom Brady, we are still in a healthy relationship with Tom. We still think he adds value to the portfolio into the men's business. We're going to be selective I think on how we use him going into the fall campaign, knowing that there is a polarized view of him in the media right now. But we're going through that process right now and watching the news closely, but we'll still use him in a focused way to drive sales to keep product going into fall.
David Powers: No updates since our last call. We're still speaking to candidates. I spoke to one this morning. We are very selective on who comes in to fill that role, both from an experience perspective, somebody who is a strategic visionary leader, but also fits within our culture and can further develop our teams and the business. So no new news, but we're still focused on finding the right person that we think can take that brand to the next level over the coming years.
David Powers: The one thing I would say in addition to that though is that the UGG team, absent Connie's departure, has done a tremendous job of running the business. We have just gone through a restructure of the business where we're developing a product management category – or sorry, function within the business and the team, really shoring up our design and marketing capabilities, bringing in the head of men's. We're looking for a head of women's at the same time. So it's an opportunity for us to restructure the brand for the next phase of growth, and the team has done a tremendous job of doing that along with myself and the key people in HR over the last couple months getting ready for the new brand president.
David Powers: Yes, I can speak to that. So this is Dave, Howard. So a couple things. The results of the last quarter are not indicative of the opportunity for that brand is the first thing I would say. Some of the challenges that we had were focused on the core specialty surf distribution, and in the Texas region we've had difficulty with weather. So, putting that aside, the opportunity based off some of the recent distribution success we've had in some of the new areas of distribution for that brand have been very successful and I think speaks to the opportunity going forward both in that new distribution but also with the female consumer. And the team is really focused on what I would call these franchise items. The Yoga Sling is becoming one of the hottest items in the portfolio actually, and I think there is tremendous upside to extend that franchise item into new distribution, into new iterations, different price points. And in the men's area of the business, focusing on the casual canvas opportunity and reinventing the SIDEWALK SURFERS to expand the reach to a new consumer beyond core surf. I think all of those speak to the success that we've recently had and the opportunity going forward particularly next year.
