Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. Happy to talk about HOKA. So thanks for the question. The first thing I would say is we’re in this sort of long game, and we feel like we have a very special, very, very strong brand with a lot of runway ahead of it. So in some ways, we’re in no rush, right? But we don’t want to flood the market ahead of demand. We want to control our product experiences. We want to segment across doors and consumers appropriately. And so we’re managing doing this the right way with exceptional growth at the same time. And so I think where the teams have done just an exceptional job, as you know, managing this in the marketplace across all of our channels, balancing the inventories, launching segmenting by consumer, and we’re going to continue to do that.  So if you look at the international growth, certainly, yes, there is more opportunity. I would say we’re still – I mean, the whole brand in many ways is in the early innings, but international is in the early innings, meaning that there is still a lot of things we need to do to make sure that we are managing the marketplace correctly. We have segmentation across the right doors. In some cases, we – in certain markets, such as Italy, we’re going to close some doors to have distribution that better represents the brand and working with our distributors to make sure that they have the right presentation of the brand in the marketplace. So if you look at Europe, yes, you’ll probably see some door closures this year, which is strategically done so that we can improve the presentation of the brand and the long-term health of the brand. If you look at a market like China, really early days, right? The COVID pandemic there, it’s set everybody back. It sets our brands back a little bit. I will say they both performed HOKA and UGG better than expected through COVID and some of the investments we’ve made are working well. And particularly to HOKA, we’re seeing solid success and the doors are opening. And we do have a number of partner doors. We have some key partners, some of the best at this in China that work with some of the bigger brands. And I agree with you. I think we can accelerate faster given that we don’t get ahead of demand in the marketplace and that we are improving awareness across these international markets at a better rate. And so that’s really our focus right now is, globally, I think awareness for the HOKA brand is around 24%, certainly lower in EMEA and China, as you can imagine. And so we need to build that demand. We need to build a representation of the brand in front of the consumer and the experience. And we’re really excited about those opportunities, and we see all these markets, including some distributor markets in the Asia Pacific region, as very exceptional growth opportunities for this brand. But as I said at the beginning, we’re going to manage it the right way for the health of the brand, health of the profitability, full price sell-through and consumer experience. So we’re at this for a long time.
Dave Powers: Yes. So we are very focused and we have been, as you know, in our long-term strategy on building up our DTC business. And we’re getting better and better at it. We have exceptional teams doing this in our industry. We’re optimizing our marketing spend across all of our brands. It’s our most profitable channel. We gain all the consumer data information that we can leverage for lifetime value, expand categories for all of our brands. So when our DTC business grows, we all win, right? And so we’re going to continue to invest in that channel. Purposely, as we look across the marketplace, we want to funnel more of our business through DTC because of the things I just mentioned. And with our flexibility in our model and our ability to spend on marketing and our return on marketing spend, it just makes natural sense that we would drive more business to DTC. Now that doesn’t mean we don’t like wholesale and we’re going to pull back from wholesale. We want to be in wholesale in a positive way with the best partners, and that’s what we’re doing, as you know as well. So I think the long-term for this is ultimately get the company to probably around a 50% DTC wholesale mix. We think that’s optimal for our pull model and also for our flywheel of introducing new products to people in wholesale and then having them come into our ecosystem in DTC. That works well for all of our brands. And so you’re going to see both HOKA and UGG growing this year ahead at a faster rate in DTC than wholesale.
Dave Powers: Yes. I don’t think we give specifics on the DTC specific growth by brand. But obviously, if we’re growing 20%, I can tell you that the DTC number is higher than that.
Dave Powers: Yes, yes. So – and again, that’s by design. I think what you’re seeing in net new doors across the chain, part of that is, like I mentioned in Europe. So if you think of that’s a global number. And so we set the marketplace for the long-term, you will have some door closures. And – but net-net, we’re not planning in our guidance any net new doors. Now one of the things we work really hard to do is evaluate our doors. And so we pay very close attention to the customer experience, the in-store presentation and the sell-through and the productivity of our doors that we carry HOKA in. And so as we look at adding new doors, we want to make sure that the doors we are in are performing at a high level. They are taking share. They are profitable for their account and then we can expand to doors after that. So we’re constantly evaluating that. There may be through the year opportunity to open more doors in strategic locations based on consumer demand and how the economy works. But we don’t want to flood the market, as I said. We don’t want to end up having a lot of promotions. We don’t know want to damage the brand from that perspective. We don’t want to take back inventory and sell it off price. We want this to be a premium brand for the long-term. And so I think it’s prudent, especially in this environment where we have some key accounts who are closing doors that we manage this effectively and planned for a year that is net neutral, but an opportunity for more as things progress.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would also say our productivity in the doors we’re in is very healthy, right, especially compared to some of our peer group. And then just one thing to note about run specialty and outdoor specialty, that is still a pinnacle marketplace for us. And so you won’t see door closures in that segment. Those are super healthy for us, really important for our category expansion and our customer and healthy margins, and we’re continuing to take share. And so that strategy has not changed.
Dave Powers: Yes. And the marketing focus, as you have heard from us over the last few quarters right now is really on high level awareness of the brand. So, that’s on an international level. It’s not as quicker turnaround of the return on investment as you see on digital marketing going right to our website. This is out of home. This is higher level connected TV. These things take a little bit more time and need to be consistent and in front of the consumer to get them to then go to purchase. But yes, suffice to say, we are pleased with the direction. We are improving on the initial launch of Fly Human Fly this year, some very exciting updates and focused on a little bit more of the performance athlete in the marketing. And I think it’s going to have a positive impact, and there could be more upside, for sure.
Dave Powers: Yes. I understand the philosophy or the thinking why people would compare the two brands. They are both new. They are both incredibly high growth, exceptional product, but very different in, I think in the makeup of where our brand plays in a very authentic performance space, both in trail and outdoor and road running, and we are committed to that long-term performance. I think certainly, people are wearing our shoes on casual occasions and for comfort and walking. But at the end of the day, we are a hardcore performance brand. When it comes down to distribution, we are operating in a pull model. And I think that has served us incredibly successfully. I think my background, you look at folks like Stefano and our new President coming from Nike and other companies that have done this for many years, we know how to do this. And we know it works, and we are all committed to the long-term success of this brand and Deckers. And so it’s worked well for UGG, it’s working well for HOKA. We love having demand ahead of supply. I think that’s just the healthy way to run a business. And I think that’s good for a company like ours that we have premium brands and premium distribution. I think if you compare it to other brands, you could look at Underarm over the years or other brands that have grown really, really fast. And a push model is – it’s a model because sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t, but it’s an approach. And it’s really around maxing out distribution, putting product in front of consumers. There is a big hope there. You are hoping it sells through and you get the reorders in the next year, and you don’t have inventory left over. But we prefer as a company who is really focused on building emotional connection with our brand and growing premium brands, we prefer the push – the pull model. And we are going to continue with that. Now, it doesn’t mean we are going to hold back too much and not be opportunistic and grow as fast as we can. But Sam, we are going to do it in a quality way.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks Tom. It’s a good question. I think we all realized that last year, we left a little bit of money on the table with UGG. And so all of our accounts, even the mall-based athletic store, could have done more business on UGG last fall. We had a really, really strong success with our Ultra Mini, our Platform Classics, our Tasman, our Tas platform. We left money on the table. The demand is higher than we were able to supply. People still want those products, even though it’s six months later, and it’s a big opportunity for us going into the fall. At the same time, the one thing I would say and maybe a little bit biased, of course, but key accounts, including some of the lifestyle athletic accounts for us want UGG. They need UGG, it’s high price point, it’s high margin, it sells through incredibly well. And so while their overall business may be a little bit more conservative or pulling back a little bit, there is a handful of brands right now that are winning, and UGG is one of them. And you can see it from our metrics around our consumers, our rates of adoption, an acquisition in the 18 to 34 the consumers, the brand heat is stronger than ever. UGG is a very, very healthy brand right now. And because of the work we have done on inventory, it’s a very clean brand in the marketplace. And it’s set up perfectly for fall, where we are going to have inventory in key styles, and that’s one of the things that our new President, Anne and her team have been working on is tailoring the line, making sure that we have a really strong portfolio of heritage classics with modern updates. And the innovation pipeline is really exciting. And so I wouldn’t read into the numbers as there is a challenge out there with distribution. We are worried about the brand. We are going to focus growth into DTC and key accounts, put forward an exceptional product assortment with inventory behind it, and we should have a good season.
Dave Powers: Yes. We haven’t shared how much the run specialty channel is. It’s roughly 1,100 doors in North America, but we haven’t given the mix of business. But it’s meaningful. And strategically, it’s very, very important. And I can tell you that we are continuing to take share. We are not number one yet. And so as long as we are not number one, there is opportunity to take share and we are doing that. And I was at the UGG sales meeting last week that we had was the first one in person in 3 years and talking to a lot of our distributors and some of the accounts that were there. And they are all saying the same thing. They are seeing declines in other brands and increases in HOKA, a little bit less of this case in North America. But that’s how we take share, and we are going to continue to do that and serve that channel with innovation and support.
Dave Powers: But I would say, we are very pleased with the productivity we are seeing in both Dick’s and Foot Locker.
Dave Powers: Yes. Happy to talk about that. We are very pleased with how the HOKA stores are performing. We are in early days of HOKA retail, and we want to make sure that we get the experience right, that our customers are served in a premium way. We have the right assortments. And so when you knew it takes a little bit of time to work those kinks out and create a premium experience. And I think the teams have done a great job on that. We are going to be evolving our store design, which is another important component of store. We want to get that right when we open. And so we are doing a lot of pop-ups in the U.S. to test markets, test appetite, test the experience. We will have our first full-time store soon in New York City. I think some of you guys are going to see that in a few weeks and look forward to your feedback. And then we are looking to do that in certain markets internationally as well. Long-term, we see DTC and stores obviously as an important part of our mix. Retail stores will continue to grow at – not at a rate above the company but in line with the company’s growth and in line with HOKA’s expansion over time. But we do think retail for HOKA in North America, Europe and particularly China as a place to experience the brand, head to toe and get to know the brand better is important in key markets. And it will be a component, but not a major component over time. That may change as we build out apparel and accessories for the long-term. But at this point, we see it as modifier to our DTC business versus the leader of growth.
Dave Powers: Yes. So, I would – the thing I would say is pretty soon, we will be a $2 billion brand. We have line of sight for that over the next couple of years, and I think you can do the math and figure that out. And then when you manage that against the level of awareness we have on a global level, it just shows you how much more opportunity we have with a brand like UGG, who is $2 billion already, but their global awareness is much, much higher than HOKA. So, there is just a tremendous white space for this brand to grow if you look at it from that perspective. When we look at how many people still haven’t heard of the brand and what we know about people who do hear about the brand and try it, what that means from a lifetime value perspective, it’s a numbers game. But we do believe that through our innovation engine, through the repeat purchase of our consumer, word of mouth on this brand, desire from accounts who want the brand at a global level. And then you think about category expansion beyond road running, into trail running, into hike, outdoor lifestyle athletics, kids, apparel, etcetera, this is certainly a multibillion-dollar opportunity. And we have a lot of confidence in the product teams and the marketing teams and the global leadership teams that we have established through our omnichannel marketplace management under Stefano and team over the years. Our partnerships with key accounts, we know how to do this. We just want to make sure we do it right. And – but we certainly see this as a multibillion-dollar opportunity for this brand.
Dave Powers: Sure. I would say no cautiousness we are seeing. So, it’s really – if there is any cautiousness that’s in managing their total open to buy and being smart with – in regards to the economic climate right now. But as far as cautiousness on the HOKA brand, we are not seeing any. And as I mentioned, for our productivity in these doors, our turns or some of the best-in-class, if not the best-in-class in certain run specialty accounts. And so if anything, as we said, there is more opportunity there as we look to expand over the years. But right now, the order book this year, I wouldn’t say there is any cautiousness at all. On apparel, it’s a good question. We have talked about apparel here and there for both UGG and HOKA. I think for UGG, we got off to a good start. And then with new leadership and taking a more critical eye, we want to make sure that we have the right line and the right assortment of products in the marketplace. And so we are taking a little bit of a pause on growing that business to get the assortment right, get the design right, make sure that the lounge collection, has the same DNA as the ready-to-wear collection. If you go into one of our department store partners and look at the lounge product and then you go into our own store, there is a disconnect between lounge and ready-to-wear. So, we want to clean that up. We also are excited about the winter collection that we are launching this year with more cold weather outerwear and product and boots. I think that’s going to be a big part of it. So, what you are seeing now in UGG is really just a reset of the apparel strategy for the long-term. On the HOKA side, as I mentioned, I was at the HOKA sales meeting last week. Our new designer that we hired a little 1.5 years ago, I think in HOKA, this is the first major collection that she has put forward. The response was very, very exciting by the audience there, and it looks really good and there is some innovative pieces in there. So again, this is a long plan for us to think the product that you are going to see starting in fall ‘23 and spring ‘24 and apparel for HOKA is getting better and better, but we are going to start with DTC and a few select accounts and grow and build the demand and then supply the demand as it comes. So, long-term strategy, certainly opportunities in the hundreds of millions for both brands over time, but with new leadership in place and resetting the marketplace, we want to get the product right.
Dave Powers: Yes. No additional comments for us. Thanks for joining everybody and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Steve Fasching: We didn’t give specific numbers, Jon, but we did increase number of doors throughout FY ‘23. So we will be anniversary in some of that in FY ‘24. So we will be getting the full year benefit in the wholesale channel related to those stores. So – but we haven’t given specific numbers. But yes, there was some door growth in ‘23 that will be anniversaried and is shown through wholesale growth in ‘24.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So you’re right, Jon. What we’ve said on Q1 is similar to the full year. Some of that improvement that you’re talking about in the quarter, so Q1 is going to be driven by as we’ve talked about kind of a channel mix and a brand mix with HOKA being the contributor of growth there. So we’re going to get really some benefit there. And then as opposed to last year, we will get some ocean freight benefit in the quarter as well. And then just in terms of further opportunity, I think there it will be kind of how things play out from an economic standpoint, what we have factored in are the improvements from a freight standpoint and the benefit of ocean freight. I think the levers that we will be closely monitoring throughout the year will be levels of promotion. So if promotions are not at a level that we expect, there could be some potential there.
Steve Fasching: Yes, marketplace promotions, and then foreign currency, right? So we’re assuming kind of foreign currency levels at current rates. So those will be the two that we’re kind of watching in the marketplace.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I’ll give you and we won’t give kind of numbers by brands, but I’ll give you kind of direction. So significant improvement in the UGG inventory as we did close out some seasonal non-carryover styles within the UGG brand in Q4 that helped drive some revenue, a little bit of pressure on the margin as we closed that out, but really positioned us much better. HOKA, some growth and as you would expect, with the growing brand that we do have with HOKA. So overall, I think the composition of inventory, we are very pleased with. So, given our sales rate growth, supporting a high-growth brand in HOKA, I think our inventory levels look really good for where we stand.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I will start. This is Steve. So Sam, I think the way we are looking at it is the growth that we saw with HOKA, clearly, the marketing we did drove demand. And so clearly, we benefited from that. Also, we were coming out of FY ‘22, where we had a large unmet demand with HOKA brand. So, that was driving a lot of the early in the year increases. I think what we saw throughout the year is continued productivity of our marketing spend. That’s where we were able to tailor some of our marketing spend to still achieve that 18% operating margin. So, even in the face of the currency headwinds, looking at the productivity of our marketing, we were able to drive some leverage in that respect. That’s not necessarily how we are looking at it in the same way for FY ‘24. We are looking to continue, as Dave mentioned earlier, to drive international global awareness around the HOKA brand. So, we are looking at increasing. We will see how productive that marketing spend is. Last year was also really the first year we benefited from a global campaign. So, probably experienced improved productivity over that. So, I just want to be careful on assumptions going into next year. But we will continue to invest in marketing. We continue to see high productivity of those dollars spend. We are increasing brand awareness, but we still, as Dave said, early innings and a long way to go here.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Chris, this is Steve. I will take that one. The – what we have said, right, we have not named kind of specific partners in the space in terms of number of doors. And so when we say on a global basis, as Dave was talking about before, we are looking across the globe in terms of there will be some accounts that have door expansions, there will have some accounts that may have door contraction. And as Dave mentioned, we are going to look at productivity of doors. So, that doesn’t mean that we aren’t going to open new doors. What it means is we may open some doors with some accounts, and we are going to close doors with other accounts. But we haven’t talked specifically about which accounts or which partners, and we haven’t given door accounts by those accounts.
