Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, in light of the many challenges we faced, I'm pleased with how our teams executed during the first quarter. We're managing this business for the long term, and I'm very confident that the growth strategies we've developed for our brand portfolio are intact and will continue to deliver consistent sales and earnings improvement over the years ahead. Operator, we're now ready to open the call up for questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, the bulk of the product is -- product that, as Tom said, has been committed to for fall. It is in-line inventory. Our sell-through of that product was impacted most by cold weather, the cold-weather product, some Classic product. Those products don't see seasonal changes in fashion. Those products are consistent year-on-year and we've sold all those products and adjusted our incoming orders accordingly.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, the biggest negative is weather, obviously. No one expected that we would take such a swing from 2010 winter to 2011 winter. The 2 things were at opposite extremes. So if you had retailers buying to a sell-through level in 2010 when a -- way until spring, it was still cold and snowing in some places, all the way to the opposite of that. So that's a real swing. The positive has been the way the brand has held its own. Particularly as you look at the sell-through of our spring line, the spring product has been checking extremely well, the men's business has been performing well, the kids business has been performing well. So the only places that we've struggled is really where there's a real seasonal impact to the weather. And if you look at overall, our sales were up 5% without Sanuk, so that's a really good performance company-wide in this environment.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, those stores performed well. Weather was an impact in Asia. The same way it was in Europe and the U.S. But generally speaking, our stores in Asia performed quite well. The brand continues to evolve very nicely. The consumer environment for this kind of product continues to develop and we're quite bullish on, as you can see from the acquisition of our -- the JV, that we feel that there's significant growth opportunity in Asia.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we're pretty happy with the order book as it stands now. We're just about done with the pre-book, maybe 95% of the way there. All indications are very good and particularly new product. Especially men's, kids, some of the new fashion product has been very well received. So it's an evolving brand. We can see the pattern continuing, less dependence on what we call a traditional Classic product and more evolution of that product. I think we've done a really good job of mitigating the sheepskin impact with the diversity of design and that should allow us to make sure that we're operating at the right price points. So retailers seem to be very satisfied with the price points that we're putting out there for the fashion product. So I'm feeling pretty bullish on the response that we've had to the fall sell-in at this point.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think it is primarily macro. As Tom mentioned, so we're facing some headwinds in Europe, the U.K. being our biggest market and that market is struggling from a consumer perspective. So we're going to battle very hard in that market. We think that we've gotten ahead of the issues that weather created in the last, this past quarter. We think inventories, as we said earlier, are going to be in fine shape by the end of the year. And we're getting great response to the fall assortment. So it's just managing the business effectively and I think we've proven that we can do that. It's when you get thrown these nature's curveballs that things have a way of going south on you.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as I said, the macro environment we can't do much about. So we are looking at, as I think was mentioned in the -- as I mentioned in the script, the Queen's Jubilee and the Olympics should provide a boost to the U.K. economy. And getting consumers into more of a consumption mode, as well as an influx of a million tourists or more, so that should help. Benelux, as compared to the U.K., has been very good at managing the development of the brand. So we see that when the brand was evolved truly across multiple categories of product versus it being more one-dimensional as the U.K. brand evolved, through the recent distributor relationship, that brand has a stronger foundation and can move in a variety of different directions, depending on weather, depending on fashion. The brand is more flexible. The brand is more pliable. So we're aggressively moving toward the evolution of the brand in the U.K. We have rightsized the distribution matrix. And in those retailers that are continuing to do business with us, the goal is to expand the assortment, very consistent with the way you've seen us do that here in the United States, so that we're not as one-dimensional a brand as we've been and so that cold weather, if and when it does or does not occur, is not the primary factor in whether the brand performs at the expected rate. So it's really a function of brand evolution and focused category development in both of those markets.
Angel R. Martinez: I see it as a neutral environment with the positive -- with a potential upside based on the Olympics and the Queen's Jubilee. And if we get an improvement in macro environment influences, we're going to benefit even more.
Angel R. Martinez: It will be up probably slightly, and that's primarily due to the price increases that we've taken on product that's primarily sheepskin. So you'll see probably some higher ASPs. We have tried to counterbalance that with, as I mentioned, earlier, some evolution of non-sheepskin and sheepskin that's engineered to be less of the total percentage of the upper on some of the fashion product. But generally speaking, my guess is it'll be up a few ticks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, that's been evolving rapidly, as you know, in the last few years. Let me -- I'm going to take a guess at it, 40% would be spring new product -- I mean 60% will be spring new product, 40% would be carryover, just a rough ballpark guess. And I think as time goes on, you're going to see that move more toward spring-only assortment versus carryover styles.
Angel R. Martinez: No, we're really not, not seeing any indication and we've been doing some consumer research on that front as well. So in addition to any input we're getting from retailers. So no, we've not seen any price resistance from consumers.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we have. The fashion line has continued to evolve. For many years now, at least the last 4 years, we've been consciously keeping our Classic assortment pretty flat as a percentage of total because that forces us to develop more aggressively some of the fashion products, some of the product that is not as sheepskin-dependent, especially last year when we saw that there'd be a significant potential impact in sheepskin pricing. As you know, last year was 30% increase and followed by 40%. So we've been very aggressive about the evolution of the fashion component of our -- we call it fashion. It's really non-Classic styles for fall. Still some sheepskin, but how we use the sheepskin varies, and that continues to develop. And as I said, the fall '12 assortment for fashion has been very well received.
Angel R. Martinez: All I can say or will say is, we are satisfied with the way the order book's coming in, meeting our expectations. So that's all I can say.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think the most important thing in going direct is that we have control over the way the brand evolves, not only from the product perspective and the placement of the different categories of product, but also the way in which it's distributed, where you find our product, the mix of shop-in-shop, the mix of our own stores, the shop-in-shop, as well as within key retailers, a much better presentation of the assortment. In addition to that, the marketing. I mean, it's really a brand-building exercise that we've launched in the U.K. and it's working. Keep in mind that we have shed some distribution. And so we're shedding distribution where we didn't feel it was taking the brand where we needed be in the long run and making up for that by getting increased spread and assortment where we do need to be, including our own stores. So it's really the only way in which we can assure the long-term success of the brand is to really take control of where it's placed, how it looks and how it's marketed to consumers.
Angel R. Martinez: What I was referring to was that given the warm winter, open-to-buy based on sell-through is down for most retailers, for those categories of product. UGG's proportion of that open-to-buy pool has remained constant from everything we can gather. It might even be up a little bit because what people do is they tend to go to those brands that are proven performers and they tend to be more reticent to bring in brands that are not as proven. So...
Angel R. Martinez: No. Let me -- I don't believe for a minute that we need to go backwards. I think we've been progressing at a fairly modest rate actually. We've not grown our retail base outside of the United States, anywhere near as aggressively as we could have. We've been building a foundation of operating excellence in each of these regions, and our -- our performance across the board in Asia and in Europe has been extremely consistent and evolving very nicely with the exception of the impact of weather and, as we've mentioned, the macroeconomic impact in Europe. So we, generally speaking, feel very good about the growth in our performance outside the United States.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all, for your attention and participation on the call. Clearly, this quarter was not what we wanted. However, as I mentioned earlier, I'm very confident in our management team's ability to continue to develop our brands and continue to drive sales and earnings growth in the remainder of the year. So that's really our focus and our effort and we're extremely committed to ongoing delivery of high shareholder value for this company. Thank you, all.
Thomas A. George: Yes, it was sort of split fairly equally between Teva and the other brands being down versus UGG. So the 200 basis points decline, it's fairly, fairly evenly. One subset of the UGG gross margin number is that we had a negative impact on margin due to the channel mix. Our eCommerce sales, to a lesser extent, our retail sales, didn't perform relative to expectations, so that had a negative impact on margin as well.
Thomas A. George: It sort of evolves over the course of the quarter, right? You look at your inventory levels, you see sort of, as a matter of standard practice, you're in discussions relative to closeouts over the course of the quarter and many of those discussions conclude towards the back half, the third month of the quarter. So this is sort of how that progresses. And we felt given our inventory levels and the manner we were going to close out some of that, it was non-Classics product for the most part. We felt it was appropriate to go ahead and make that decision.
Thomas A. George: We normally, in terms of reporting backlog, at the end of the first quarter, there's going to be still, obviously, some spring product in there. It's going to have fall product in there as well. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. It has Sanuk this year, it didn't have Sanuk last year. So we're sort of going to stick to our policy of reporting total backlog just on an annual basis.
Thomas A. George: No. We're already starting to expand some of our disclosures relative to retail, but we really don't want to get back into the prior quarter and get into the detailed prior quarters right now.
Thomas A. George: In the second quarter, we've -- consistent with the total year, we've got some pressures from our European business, and included in that it's pressures from our European distributor business. So those expectations now in the second quarter are lower than originally expected. So that's having some impact on the growth. And on the margin, it is approximately the same as the prior year. But there is less of an impact on the -- from the sheepskin on cost increases in the second quarter than there is in the back half of the year. And there's a little bit of positive impact from Sanuk as well in the second quarter.
Thomas A. George: The comp assumption, really, for the total year is still really unchanged. It's sort of the mid- to highest single-digit comp for the total year and we really didn't give breakout of domestic versus international. And on the eCommerce side of the business, we're still pretty consistent with our expectations there. In spite of the first quarter, the total year announced a global number. We still think our earlier guidance of roughly 20% to 21% still holds for that.
Thomas A. George: It's not just international wholesale, there's also the international distributor business, and that had a big impact on the second quarter given the distributor sales are a second, third quarter item. So it's both distributor and wholesale, and it was international and it was Europe.
Thomas A. George: Some of the similar things that we've talked about before in the U.K., we've got the Jubilee, as well as the Olympics. In Asia, we've got some more marketing investment there, and some more management infrastructure investment to drive those sales. We've got a broader product assortment that early indications are it's going to do very, very well. We've mentioned earlier about the new IT system to be able to track our inventory levels. We feel really good about that. In Japan, they had a tough comparison with the earthquake, the tsunami and the nuclear meltdown. And we feel really -- still really strong where we're headed with our retail business and where that's going to end up for the year.
Thomas A. George: [indiscernible] piece has come down and the domestic piece has come up some, relative to the prior guidance.
Thomas A. George: On the international in total, it's more of a mid-teens now versus the 20% before. And on the domestic side, domestic business should be up sort of in the mid-teens as well, a little bit higher rate than the total international business.
Thomas A. George: Look at that $40 million, whereas at the end of the year, it was more of an equal split. Now as we're bringing in more of the fall '12 inventory at a higher cost, more of that $40 million now is related to product cost increases versus the carryover now.
Thomas A. George: In terms of -- relative to the back half of the year, there's really, in terms of our guidance, we really haven't seen -- assumed much of a change at all in the current weather. That being said, at the same time, we're managing our inventory to be able to have some opportunity to be able to chase some business in season, and we feel pretty pleased about that. And obviously, if we get better retail comps our eCommerce business picks up, we'll obviously get a mix through reallocated that fall inventory levels to those 2 channels.
Thomas A. George: Well, I think I can say relative to third and fourth quarter, I mean, comparing those 2 quarters, there's more growth in the fourth quarter assumed than there is in the third quarter because there's a lot more retail stores in place then. That eCommerce content there in the fourth quarter. The third quarter got hurt by some of the European distributor business, so as we lowered those expectations.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Chris, I mean in the United States, Teva, good amount of its distribution is through channels that also carries cold-weather product. With the unseasonably warm weather, those retailers were carrying a bigger inventory investment than originally thought of. And as a result of that, they had less money available to have reorders in the first quarter. So that's primarily what -- how weather impacted the first quarter Teva.
Thomas A. George: It's coming from -- or really just, as we've all virtually completed the fall order book, and our confidence level where the order book stands relative to where we were when we reported, the third week of February. It's our increased confidence relative to the wholesale business. Sanuk, we held our total guidance for the year on Sanuk, albeit we feel pretty bullish to where that's headed. But it's just increased confidence relative to the third quarter and the fourth quarter on our domestic UGG wholesale business that drives us to more comfort to elevate that number.
Thomas A. George: I think we're really -- we talked about that on an earlier question. It's tough to predict the weather. We've obviously had a lot of good discussions with our retailers when we formulated the order book. I think if we get some colder weather, relative to what we've -- what the normal weather and pattern would be, there's an opportunity for some upside and we'd have the inventory, especially in our retail and eCommerce business to be able to chase that.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think that's a very good question. You all know we're not giving guidance for the individual quarters. But in the back half, there's going to be strong growth in the fourth quarter and relative to the prior year. And because of the cost pressures in the third quarter with sheepskin and then that's a quarter, there's not as much offset from a retail perspective and now those pressures in Europe in the third quarter and international wholesale has better margins than domestic, then you could see the third quarter could be a down quarter relative to the prior year.
Thomas A. George: We were previously consolidating those results and then we had a minority interest at the bottom that we would take away from net income, so there's really no change in our sales and COGS and operating expenses.
Thomas A. George: Well, we've got some good visibility now. They've got a good portion of their third quarter at this point in time pre-booked. The fourth quarter has always been sort of highly dependent on reorders. We had another year under our belt in terms of developing that market. So we took it down a pretty reasonable amount. But at this point in time, we think it's down to a level that we can meet the numbers.
Thomas A. George: Yes, looking, Scott, back to the script, we did comment on all of our spring styles. Just look at spring styles what's identified as a spring style, which is an expanding category and those were up close to 20% and we gained some important shelf space. Again, the first quarter is highly dependent on boot product as well. So that strong growth in spring styles was offset by the pressure relative to the colder weather product.
Thomas A. George: Yes, the Sanuk business is, historically, has been primarily a spring business, which normally is going to be more than 50% of business. Closer to 60% of their business is going to be in the first half, so we've seen good growth. We can't report out a prior year first quarter number or second quarter number because we didn't own the company at that point in time. So there's some requirements we can't get into that. But the back half, with the new initiatives we have there, we're expecting some strong growth in the back half of the year as well this year.
Thomas A. George: The UGG business in the second quarter is more of a -- sort of a reorder, a little bit of sell-in of some spring product. It's about in June, the Nordstrom anniversary sale. So it normally is not that big in the scheme of things. And then on Sanuk, we do have some good growth for sales for Sanuk in the second quarter. And I think one thing to keep in mind is, as I talked about it earlier, our international distributor sales in Europe are down pretty significantly relative to the prior year.
Thomas A. George: I mean, no, we don't need to get into any -- we've given you guys a decent amount of where we're headed for the second quarter and some of the sort of salient details in terms, from a modeling perspective.
Christopher Svezia: I guess, first, I just want to clarify, just on the Teva brand, can you just maybe walk through why the softness in Q1 at U.S. wholesale, just assuming the weather and initial sell-in, et cetera, would've been better? I'm just curious why -- remind me, why was it so soft.
Christopher Svezia: Okay. I see. I got you. And then just on when you were looking at the domestic, when you look at domestic revenues for the year and it seemed like an answer to your prior question, a slight uptick in your thought process sort of in a mid-teens sort of growth rate from the sort of 11%, 12% growth previously. What's the change? Where is that it coming from? Is it coming from Sanuk? Is it coming from something in UGG? I'm just curious.
Christopher Svezia: Okay, that's I guess -- that's pretty good to hear. And then just when you're thinking about sort of the back half and what you're anticipating from, and no one can predict the weather, but are you anticipating that you have a normalized winter season? Are you anticipating a continued uncertainty and kind of somewhat an unusually warm winter as you go into the back half? I know it's hard to predict here, but just sort of your thoughts about how you might be thinking about that.
Christopher Svezia: Okay. And the very last question I have, I guess for you, Tom, here is just, when you think about the back half and your comment about, obviously, it seems like most of the growth is going to be fourth-quarter-weighted, can we think from an earnings perspective the majority of the growth is going to be fourth-quarter-weighted, just given the cost, given probably some softness on the international side in Q3? Just kind of your -- any thoughts around maybe what the earnings bias could be Q3, Q4, would be helpful.
Zohar Ziv: Scott, this is Zohar. The flat comps, I mean, came from our own stores. Our distributors in -- the bulk of our Asia business is done through direct, which is China and Japan. Our business over there, it's not that big at all in the rest of the countries. So I wouldn't say that they have any different capitalization than our distributors in Europe.
Zohar Ziv: In China, there is no wholesale business. It's all direct. When we talk about the comps, all of our China business is through the UGG retail stores. In Japan, the bulk of the business or a good split is retail and wholesale.
Zohar Ziv: No, you can lock sooner, but you might be at a disadvantage because the biggest killing season is in Australia and that starts in Q3. So until then, you don't really know what the prices are going to be. So you're better off waiting and see what the prices, and that's how the suppliers are placing their prices upon.
