Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer; and Stefano Caroti, Chief Commercial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, anticipated impacts from our brand and marketplace management strategies, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product and channel distribution strategies, including direct to consumer, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, the impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ability to achieve our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Erinn Kohler: Sam. So what I'll provide for you, I think you're asking about the full year -- I'll give you a full year --.
Erinn Kohler: Sure, I can give you fourth quarter. So fourth quarter fiscal '24 that we just completed. So this is going to be a global wholesale and distributor combined by brand. For UGG was about $139 million. For HOKA was about $350 million. For Teva, $46 million, Sanuk about $5 million that you get the other.
Stefano Caroti: Yes, Laurent, to build on what Dave just said, sales has been strong. Our key innovation stories for the season have performed very well. [indiscernible] not huge volumes there, but has performed super, super well beyond our expectations. And Mach 6, has performed -- and is performing very, very well, and it's now a top three style not just for HOKA for Deckers. In Skyward X, which we just launched a couple of weeks ago, the early read is also very, very, very encouraging across the globe.
Stefano Caroti: Yes, of course, John. Our business currently is two-thirds US and one-third international, as you know. And the one-third of international, 50% comes from Europe, roughly 35% comes from Asia Pacific and the balance is Canada and Latin America. Clearly, we see a lot of opportunity internationally. And while we expect the US to continue to grow, long term, we would want international to grow faster. We are -- as you heard from Dave, in terms of brand awareness, we are well behind where we are in the US for Hoka and roughly 20 points behind. So we've been investing more, we've been investing faster internationally to accelerate that growth. And also in terms of distribution, we intend to selectively expand our distribution with key partners while carefully monitoring the productivity of the doors we expanded. So there's definitely a lot of upside for us internationally, both in terms of top line as well as margin.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. And two new products, John, we have a couple of big programs hitting the market same fall and early next year. Speedgoat is our biggest trail franchise, a new Speedgoat 6 with the market in June. Skyflow is a new run specialty exclusive and DTC exclusive that it's going to hit the market in July. That's a sizable program for us. And Bondi, which is our second biggest show, we'll hit Q4 next year, an updated Bondi and the shoe looks fantastic. I'm very excited about how it's been received by our partners.
Dave Powers: Yes, you're right. It's roughly around 30%. We do see that creeping up over time. We haven't given hard targets on that, but we are going to be focusing more energy on building awareness. As I said, door expansion, bolstering up our DTC engines in those markets. From a volume perspective, you'll definitely see upside in Europe. China is still a small market for us with tremendous upside and a lot of exciting things going on there. But from a dollar percentage increase, it's still going to be led by Europe in the short-term. I was in Asia last week together with Rob and Anne and the two leadership teams, there's definitely significant potential for both brands in China and the rest of Asia.
Dave Powers: Yes. I've been here now coming up on 12 years. And this is the healthy effect seen the UGG brand. The demand with the consumer, the 18 to 24 year-old consumer, the broad-based health of all of our channels, retail stores, e-commerce sites, wholesale partners globally. And essentially, what you're seeing is the marketplace pull model that we put in place in North America a few years ago. Now that's activated in our international regions. So you're seeing brand heat and consideration among consumers in new international markets, increasing and very strong, and our pull model is still working. So we like to keep things a little bit scarce. And that led to some of the success we saw in this past Q4 where people were still looking for some of our reimagined icons like the Taaz and the Ultra Mini. Normally, we would see those tail-off at the beginning of January and February, but those are still strong and starting to become year-round styles. The other significant thing last year, we -- we sold low single-digits growth in units, but 18% revenue sales on top of that. So we are seeing a very healthy full price business. There is less markdown, there is less assortment in the channel. So we have the right styles for the right consumer in the right locations. And then we are also seeing great success in new franchises like the Goldenstar and venture days. And so that, combined with just the brand heat, the health of the marketplace, the way that the consumer is reacting to our localized marketing activations and our store elevation, we see a lot of optimism for the UGG brand going forward. But you are going to see continued growth in DTC and a real focus on upside in international.
Dave Powers: Yes. Classics, it is funny to ask that because it used to be all of our conversations and the majority of our business. And we've been able to just maintain that as a steady, healthy premium well-positioned part of our business, roughly around 25%, 30%, steady sell-through steady margin, good handle on inventory and flow -- where we're seeing the exciting thing -- the excitement come from is all these reimagine classics that we're talking about. So iteration of the Tasman, iterations of the Lowmel, the Ultra Mini the Ultra platform. Those styles are broad-based. They are resonating extremely well with younger consumers. They're showing up on influencers in a very powerful way. And then we have a men's business that is starting to show some signs of excitement as well in similar styles. So -- that's really where the growth is being driven from. And we have an incredible pipeline of product that evolves these styles over the next 18, 24 months that I think is just a phenomenal assortment, some of the most exciting product in the market. And then we're also innovating around hybrid slipper-sandal models with increased comfort under foot that I think are going to be really well received. So I think, Anne and the team have done a great job on editing the assortment, getting us out of styles that are met to really focusing on our UGG DNA across any styles that we do. And then a really powerful PR and social media engine to drive it all. And so this is a brand that's in a great place right now. It's very healthy. And we believe that this brand has room to grow and continue at this pace.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think what we're experiencing now and you start in fourth quarter is a lot of that demand that we missed in December came to us in Q4. And so when we got back in stock in some of those styles, people still wanted them. And so they were buying them in January, February, March and still are. So I wouldn't say that we missed whatever opportunity we missed in December, it's all lost. We did fulfill some of that demand over the last three to four months. That being said yes, there's opportunity this year. We are excited about the assortment. And I also mentioned, we think we can maintain high levels of full price sales. But it is still going to be a challenging environment out there. I think, that the way we are pegging the business with the assortment, we don't have any necessarily any new price increases this year. And I think, maintaining a tight rein on wholesale and driving it to DTC, I think that's about right, the way we pegged it and the way we're looking at the business going into it now.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Janine. On the consumer breadth of HOKA, it is pretty exciting, right? And one thing I can guarantee you that we will always prioritize our performance business first. And so we are – there is no doubt, we are a performance innovation-driven company. And that's going to be our priority. We'll always prioritize the specialty run accounts. We will always prioritize that -- the hard core running and trail-running consumer. But we obviously have been adopted in a pretty substantial way from a lifestyle perspective. And that's because of the performance that's built into the product. It's not just that they look good, but they feel good. And now they become something that these consumers they not only want the product, they need the product. They need the next color. They need the next version of the Bondi or the Clifton, the Arahi and now the Mach. So that will just expand over time. As we segment the line over time. I mean, as you know, we've been doing this from day one is innovation that's appropriate to the channel segmenting by channel and consumer, particularly as we get into DICK's and JD and Foot Locker and [broader doors] (ph). And there is -- I also believe there's just a generalized trend out there that running is kind of becoming the new streetwear. Those looks are adopted by more consumers now than they ever have been, and we see that continuing. And we welcome those consumers into the brand, but they will be buying performance product from us not lifestyle design product.
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll tackle with Steve, the DTC versus wholesale. Generally, yes, we will see a slight increase in the rate of DTC growth the way we are looking at it, and that contemplates a little bit lower wholesale, but it is not dramatic on one end or the other. But as we -- as our awareness increases, as we have more international distribution, opening select retail stores, that does drive more traffic and a healthy business to our DTC channel. We convert at a very high rate when people come to our website. And then we have just a growing repeat business from our existing customer base, and the new launch cadence, as you mentioned, brings eyeballs to the site as well. So we are -- and that's by design, we're strategically trying to grow DTC a little bit faster over time because we know that's good for us long term, good for margins, good for health of the marketplace, and that pull model is working extremely well. So you'll see this year that we've modeled it out a little bit better in DTC than wholesale, but on a regional basis, wholesale will be very strong, too.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think that's a really good point to keep in mind. We are not in a consistent model of new introductions of products and drops, right? It's been changing a little bit year-over-year. We're starting to formalize that a little bit more. But sometimes when you see a drop in sales, say, credit card data, you got to look at what's in the market, when do we drop things? What were we selling last year full price versus markdown? And -- that's why I think if you look at the long view of the year when we have multiple drops over the year, our innovation engine and the pipeline hits the marketplace, it's best to look at that over a 12 months to 18 months period versus three months because there's so many puts and takes from new introductions this year, last year, markdowns, et cetera. So I think Steve is spot on that point.
Steve Fasching: Yes, Jay, this is Steve. Just to kind of add on to that. And I think it's important and Dave touched on it here. But what we saw in FY '24 was fairly significant dollar increase and not so much on the unit side. So because we benefited from full price selling, less close out some of our channel mix, that drove a big proportion of the dollar increase. And while we had some unit increases, what gives us confidence going forward in that mid-single-digit guidance is that we're continuing to see more and more consumers engage in the brand. So demand continues to increase. And so we won't necessarily -- in the guidance we gave, we are expecting that kind of same level of gross margin. But what we do see is with the demand that's out there right, and some of what we delivered in Q4, the consumer response to the product that Dave mentioned, just be continued to see in the marketplace around the UGG brand. And that's what's giving us confidence going forward.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then, John, just -- this is Steve. On the margin question, we really -- we look at the business and clearly, what we experienced in FY'24 was extraordinary with gross margin expansion. And as you've seen in what we have guided, we don't necessarily expect all of that same benefit in FY '25. So on a comparable basis, as we look at it, continued performance of strong margins, likely moving back to a more normalized level, as we've indicated in our guidance. But generally, no significant change in margins that we're achieving as we're kind of moving into a more normalized environment.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Again, we benefited in all channels with what we saw in FY '24. And so clearly, with some normalization, a bit of a setback. But again, it's still delivering even in a normalized mode exceptional levels of profitability. So the way we're seeing the profile or the framework, not significant change again as we normalize. But as Stefano indicated and Dave has indicated, we're always looking at how we can drive a higher proportion of our DTC business, which overall does have a positive accretive impact on the business. Now it doesn't happen overnight, right? And so with some of the wholesale expansion that we our forecasting in FY '25, that does take some of the growth. So the other thing that we benefited from was a bit of a step-up in our proportion of DTC business in '24 versus '23, and that's because we were running the scarcity model in wholesale. And so we were able to fuel more of that demand over into the DTC channel. That fueled some of our gross margin expansion as we open up a little bit more wholesale in FY '25, again being very strategic and thoughtful about it. That will put some pressure on the DTC growth. But as Dave said, we're still looking to move a higher proportion to DTC, but it won't necessarily be the same step function that you saw in FY '24.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think also, Sam, this is Steve. Just on that, too, the other consideration is we did expedite product in Q3, and that sold through on DTC, so through e-commerce. This year, we are going to be expanding some of the amount that wholesale is ordering. Again we'll be very careful and strategic about it. But that will put some of the pressure on the DTC growth right? And so again, going back to my earlier answer to one of the previous questions, a big piece of the revenue beat on UGG was this full price selling channel mix shift. And so you're not necessarily going to have that same benefit in FY '25 that we had in '24.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Sam, I think the way we are looking at it is we're not going to get the same benefits in FY '25 that we got in '24. Again so that -- the difference between the revenue change and the unit change is 1 that's really important to understand because what we benefited from in '24 was full-price selling, combined with price increases combined with running a scarcity model that drove more traffic into DTC. So we won't have the same level of benefit on price increases in FY '25 that we had in '24. We'll see what the promotional environment looks like that's always a hard one to determine, especially in the current environment, a lot of uncertainty you are hearing what some other companies are saying. So that's one that we will continue to carefully watch. We're being served well with kind of a controlled marketplace. So we'll continue to look at it. But I don't think the setup to your point, is the same. I think there were more factors that we knew we could benefit from in '24 than in '25, but again we'll manage through '25 and we'll see how it turns on.
Steve Fasching: And then, Janine, just on the SG&A. So I think in terms of where we landed FY '24, the 34% spend to revenue and the guide equivalent for FY '25, we think that kind of the appropriate level, we'll see. It is increasing from where we have been in the past couple of years as we've made investments and continue to make investments, and I called it out in the script in terms of building talent, infrastructure, distribution. So as we are growing and continue to grow at a slightly faster pace than what we anticipated, there is still a bit of a catch-up that you're seeing. I think as we continue to look at the year, we'll manage accordingly. I think that has served us well. We haven't gotten ahead of the growth, but we're carefully monitoring to keep pace with it. And that's some of the increases that you've seen really over the last couple of years.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And what I would add, John, just to that is just to be careful about kind of relying too much on a quarter performance. We are managing this for the long run. So again when you have depleted inventory in the channel, that might impact your wholesale growth in one quarter as you're refilling that. It's not necessarily indicative of the longer-term views, back to Dave's point, as we look at growth, clearly, our focus is on trying to grow DTC faster, which is kind of what we are doing and growing the proportion of that. I wouldn't rely too much just on one quarter, or a dynamic in that quarter because there are other factors that affect the short-term, but we're looking at the long-term.
