Thomas A. George: All right. Thanks, Dave. As Linda mentioned -- as Linda reminded everyone at the beginning of the call, we posted the quarterly financials on our website under the Investor Information tab, so my comments on the call are going to be brief and focused primarily on guidance. For the third fiscal quarter, revenue increased 6.6% to a record $784.7 million. On a constant dollar basis, sales increased 8.2%. We missed our revenue guidance by approximately $22 million. $7 million of which was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the yen and the euro during the quarter. The remaining shortfall was from a combination of higher wholesale order cancellations and negative same-store sales, which Angel and Dave discussed earlier. EPS for the third quarter was $4.50 compared to $4.04 last year and our guidance of approximately $4.46. We exceeded EPS guidance despite the shortfall in revenue and FX pressures due to lower incentive compensation expense accruals and a lower-than-expected effective tax rate. Based on our third quarter -- third fiscal quarter performance, we are revising our full year outlook. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, we now anticipate revenue to increase approximately 13.5% to $1.8 billion versus our previous projection of approximately $1.825 billion. UGG brand revenue is now projected to increase approximately 11% versus our prior expectation of approximately 14%. As a result of our lower revenue projection, diluted earnings per share is now expected to increase approximately 12.6% to $4.58 compared to our previous guidance of approximately $4.71. And we are expecting operating margins of approximately 12.5% versus our earlier guidance of approximately 13%. We are still assuming gross profit margins for the year of close to 49%. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance now assumes that the company's effective tax rate will be approximately 27%. Wholesale and distributor sales for all brands are now projected to be up low double digits in fiscal 2015 driven by our Germany conversion, a low single-digit increase in UGG domestic sales and continued growth of the HOKA brand. For our DTC channel, our overall sales projection has not changed as stronger E-Commerce trends for the UGG brand are offsetting lower store comp sales, which are now expected to be down in the high single-digits range for the year. We will end fiscal 2015 with approximately 30 new stores, as we shifted some of our planned concept stores in China to partner stores. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 or 3 months ending March 31, 2015, we still expect revenues to increase approximately 10% compared to the same period in the prior year. However, due to FX headwinds putting pressure on gross margins, we now expect diluted earnings per share to be approximately breakeven compared to our previous expectation of approximately $0.15 per share. Now that we have completed our largest quarter, we'd like to share some preliminary thoughts about our fiscal year 2016 outlook. Keep in mind that we are in the early stages of reassessing our store opening strategy, and in light of the recent FX trends, we are also evaluating our hedging and international pricing strategy. And as we've discussed today, we are incorporating our learnings from our holiday performance into our product, marketing and merchandising strategies. With this background, at current foreign currency exchange rates, we expect revenues to grow approximately high single digits and gross margins in total to be down approximately 30 basis points due to FX pressures, which will more than offset sheepskin and UGG Pure cost improvements. With respect to operating expenses, as we've said previously, we do expect to begin achieving leverage next year. This is still the case, and we believe it will initially be in the neighborhood of approximately 40 basis points. With respect to profitability, we expect earnings per share to grow at a slightly faster rate than revenue at or near 10% based on our current thinking. Finally, we are pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has authorized a new $200 million stock repurchase program, which is in addition to the $66 million we still have left under the previous $200 million authorization that was approved in July 2012. I'll now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comments.
Thomas A. George: The comment on the gross margins, I know, the E-Commerce business, we're really pleased this quarter with what the gross margin performance, and the retail store margins for this quarter were actually in aggregate on a global basis and a little bit higher than a year ago. And to round that out for the quarter at an operating margin level, when you combine retail and E-Commerce together, like you total DTC, we had improved operating margins year-over-year. So you'll see that in our filings. So we're pleased with that. And I mean, one thing to keep in mind for the guidance for fiscal year '16 is that I don't know what exchange rates you all had in your models, but if they were the ones from October, the euro has moved 10%. The yen's moved 10%, so that, everything else being equal, has some pressure on growth rates for next year. But that said, we're -- it is early. Like we mentioned, we're early in our planning process, but we feel very good that we're talking about high single-digit growth rates for next year. Feel really good reinforcing, that we expect to get operating leverage next year and feel really good that we'll have a year that we grow earnings per share at a faster rate than sales.
Thomas A. George: It's about $7 million of sales that was in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it's a similar number and has about a close to a 200-basis-point impact on the margin relative to our prior guidance.
Thomas A. George: All right. Good question, Erinn, and it's almost entirely FX. So on the last call, we gave you the element that on margins relative to improve sheepskin cost and UGG Pure and now with the change in FX and what we thought we'd have a benefit on the gross margins has now gone negative.
Thomas A. George: Yes. Relative to the prior guidance, we see some -- a little bit improvement from the E-Commerce businesses as well. That's -- that sort of balances out relative to the currency pressure.
Thomas A. George: Our -- yes, our international business is about 33% to 35% of our business. 2/3 of Europe probably is in local currency. A good amount of the business is in the pound, and a faster growing amount of business is in the euro, not only our Benelux business, but now that we're directing Germany, that's had a big impact. And then our -- another big region of the world is Asia, and obviously, China is big, but Japan's even bigger, and Japanese currency has moved significantly. And Japan and China are sort of neck and neck in terms of equal size for the -- within the market. And those are -- and all of Asia other than some of the distributor sales, which are pretty modest, are in local currencies.
Thomas A. George: Well, it's certainly everything else being equal, the bigger authorization, that certainly could happen. We really can't comment on the timing and price and whatnot of share repurchases. But obviously, we're very pleased that the board did authorize an additional $200 million.
Thomas A. George: No, it's not in marketing. We are going to evaluate our marketing, and as we talked about on the call, we'll consider doing some shifting around and reallocation. But it's not in marketing. It's directionally fewer company-owned retail stores and partner stores. There's really not much G&A associated with that. This year, there was some onetime items that won't recur next year, i.e., some reorganization cost and the transaction cost related to the Germany conversion. The only good thing about FX is it does reduce your operating expenses in those local currencies, so that will help next year. And we're gaining some operating -- more operating efficiencies around the supply chain as well as others we're seeing and anticipating for our business transformation efforts. So that's what's going to be driving leverage next year.
Thomas A. George: Yes. I would say the results of impact of having more Direct-to-Consumer relative to a year ago, as well. So really, the FX impact pretty much offset the improvement we saw because of sheepskin cost and the higher penetration of UGG Pure, so that was close to a wash. We had lower -- we had a positive impact on margins relative to fewer closeouts than a year ago, so that helped fewer closeouts not only in volume but improved margins in our closeouts. Germany, there -- that was a lift as well. And then we talked about the Direct-to-Consumer, that was about 50 basis points of improvement because we had the higher content to Direct-to-Consumer at better margins, so a lot of puts and takes, but we did end up with 180 basis points of improvement.
Thomas A. George: So there are -- you're right. Additionally, for the -- our guidance for the March quarter because of FX roughly is at the same sales impact number, around $7 million, that has a direct negative margin impact. That's going to reduce our gross margin expectations by about 200 basis points in that quarter.
Thomas A. George: A couple of things going on there. First, they pre-booked their spring business at a higher rate than they did a year ago, so they're bringing their inventory sooner. There was some concerns with the port strike that was going on that they wouldn't get inventory in time for reorders, so they brought that in earlier as well. They're expected to have a good March quarter, so they need inventory to service that sales increase. And they do have a much broader product assortment now that they're broadening their offering for women as well as broader distribution as well.
David Powers: Yes, Mitch. We're continuing to see the similar trends we've had through the past quarter in our retail stores and again, contributed primarily to some of the challenges in China and the migration of classics to the online business. So with the total DTC levels, we still feel confident, but the store comps themselves will continue to be negative high single digits.
David Powers: Yes. We reacted pretty early in the quarter when we saw challenges in the comp trends, and we made a conscious decision to focus on profitability versus comp total revenue spend. So we aggressively looked at reducing SG&A and expenses in our store base globally, and then we made decisions to maximize margin opportunity in our outlets and concept stores to make up that difference. So we feel pretty good about the progress we made on profitability despite the traffic headwinds we had.
David Powers: Yes. We're still in the process of evaluating that. Coming out of the last months, we have relooked at our merchandising assortment and inventory mix for fall. But I would say it's safe to bet that we'll see an increase of at least 10% across the board in retail AURs. It's a combination of selective price point increase due to styling changes and also inventory mix into higher price-point product.
David Powers: Well, we still think there's opportunity in our Classics business. So while the core classic customer's replenishing online, and that seems to be a global trend at the moment, we still believe that there's opportunity in the specialty classics business and more unique product to the DTC and retail channel. So we're not going to go down fighting on that one -- without a fight on that one. We're going to continue to be aggressive in that classics category while at the same time shifting our inventory and assortments into more of a casual boots and winter boots in fashion to take advantage of that opportunity as well. So I think it's just, again, we're continuing to read the shopping patterns of the consumer. And when they want to replenish online, that's great for us, but we still have an opportunity to drive people to the stores at the same time.
David Powers: Yes. And I would add on to that, I think the -- in the month of October and the first weeks of November is where we saw -- if I were to quantify an impact from weather anywhere, it would have been those 2 months. And that was a global issue. Europe was warm. China was warm. And compounded on top of that, we got into November, people were also starting to wait for Black Friday weekend. That was a dramatic effect on the European business where retail kind of came to a halt a couple weeks leading up to Black Friday weekend. So the October-November time frame was challenging partly because of warm weather, partly because of the shift in shopping behavior. But it came back when the weather got cold, and we got into the busy season of December. This wasn't enough to make up for that gap in October.
David Powers: Yes. I think, I'm starting to look at this classics business similar to my early days at the GAP, similar to the denim business there, where your core classic is your basic fit jeans. Every season you're doing specialty versions of that, but you're still keeping the heat and energy on the core basic. And similar to what we're going through with the core classic here, back in the day at the GAP, and I'm sure it's still a focus there, denim was such an important part of that business, and it became the foundation for a lot of the advertising and marketing that was done for that brand. And it kept the heat and energy on that business, but also at the same time, we were growing the fashion component. And I think that's where our opportunity is here.
David Powers: Yes. Sam, we're still learning what is most appealing to the Chinese consumer, and I think what we have learned is they like things that are a little bit more -- what's the right word for it? They like sparkles. They like more color, things of that sort, and we had come in with the corduroy bow collection, which was material play but didn't have a lot of excitement and novelty in material. We had a grunge collection, which didn't resonate well. So they -- they're -- and they like things that are a little bit more colorful and sparkles and novel, and we just didn't have enough of that. And so that was a miss for them. The adjustments that we made in going into December is we actually started allocation help from the U.S. We had some issues with people leaving in the middle of the season over there, so we were down a person. And we had some systems issues. We had some delays in product getting into stores. So we dug in really quick from the U.S. team in helping out with that team and fixing the store presentation. We sent people over there to help with the visuals, presentations in the stores, got a little bit promotional but definitely not a lot to hurt the business. And we started turnaround in December from those efforts. In addition to that, Sam, we are heading over there in 2 weeks. My whole management team meeting with the Asia-Pacific team and the China team and really getting under the covers of that business. It's going to be a major focus of ours for the next 6 months.
David Powers: I'd say probably 1/3 of it. The thing about our flagship stores, Madison Avenue, Hawaii, Woodbury, those are still a large portion of our total revenue and traffic numbers. And when those get hit in a situation like that, particularly in a store like Hawaii, they have a big impact on the total. So it's probably about 1/3 of our total decline is coming out of those major stores, including Las Vegas as well.
David Powers: Yes. We haven't gotten to that point. We model things out going forward at a store level, but it's a dynamic that we're going to have to deal with. And so it's hard to say at this point, but we are being conservative with our estimates going forward for next year with regards to our larger flagship stores. We are seeing that some of those locations are hurt by traffic but also shopping patterns in the street. And so we're modeling that into our efforts for '16. We haven't gotten to that level yet.
David Powers: Yes. To segment it by market, what happened in North America is that comp shifted to online from a replenishment perspective. So when the winter weather started getting colder, classics business shifted to online, but we made up that business online. Where we really got hurt was in China, which we didn't precede those challenges coming at the time we made that assumption into the business.
David Powers: Yes, I mean, well, the couple of non-UGG stores. Couple of non-UGG stores that were in the mix right now. So at the moment, we're going through a little bit of a retail rationalization exercise by market and by channel. I don't foresee us closing any at this moment, but it's still early in our assumptions. But we are going through the exercise of making sure that each one of these from a lease perspective, from a return on profit perspective still fit our threshold for acceptable profit.
David Powers: Yes. If you think about -- so take Europe, for example, we've been cautious and conservative in that market, so we haven't had a lot of growth planned in. We do have an outlet store planned for opening next fiscal year in that market, but that's it. Asia Pacific, Japan is still healthy, strong positive growth market with a lot of upside there, so both concepts and outlets have pretty significant opportunities for us. China is the one where we're taking a deeper look, and what we're looking at right now is potentially shifting some of our own store opening plans to partner stores. We opened 18 partner stores last year, and those have been off to a very solid start. And our partners are actually coming back looking for more stores for next year, so that's the healthy opportunity for us to shift some of the owners of that business to the partners. In North America, it's -- there's still tremendous opportunity in outlets. What's exciting about our outlets is we are selling a lot of what we would call full-price product now in our outlets. We have a high demand for product in those outlets, and we don't have a lot of price resistance. And so it's a very healthy business from a margin perspective. We see pretty significant opportunity in that channel to continue to drive positive sales growth and profit. So I don't have an exact number yet, but there's a number of still A locations and top B locations throughout the country that we're taking a significant look at.
David Powers: Yes. I -- this all goes back to our high-level Omni-Channel strategy. And so if you think about the channels that we do business in, the brick and mortar, E-Commerce and wholesale, they all play an important and significant role in the consumer's experience and shopping behavior. And so our goal is to give them the most flexibility to shop between those channels based off their preference. And we still think it's very important based on the tactile nature of UGG and the diversification focus that we're putting into this brand to be able to have stores that showcase that, and people can still go to the stores to experience the full breadth and experience of that brand. If they choose to then shop online, that's fine. If they choose to then shop in wholesale, that's fine. And we're setting up our systems and our teams and our product assortments to be ready for that. With regards to continuing to open stores, it is still a significant growth driver for us. We don't see the majority of that business shifting online. We still think people are going to want to go to a store, and we still think that it's important to have that experience. And particularly, with some of the Omni-Channel capabilities we're putting in place with Infinite UGG, research -- retail inventory online, click and collect, the stores are just changing in their strategic role in the business. And so it's not a place where you go to just purchase your classics anymore. You can do that online. But if you want to see the breadth of the line, you want to talk to a sales representative and interact with the full product and brand experience, that's where you're going to go, and we still think that's an important part of our Omni-Channel strategy.
David Powers: Yes. And I would just add further to that, we are, obviously, looking at the mix going forward of the business coming out of E-Com versus stores. And I think that was one -- if you didn't understand in the script, that is something that we got surprised by this past quarter, is how dramatic some of the consumers are shifting to online. We're addressing that in our plans going forward for sure.
David Powers: Yes. The Q3 reduction in OpEx earnings was just tightening our belts and being ready in the stores for the continued traffic declines, so making sure that we're more efficient in our stores. But going forward from an SG&A trends perspective, we're going to continue to do that. We've done that in our new store model with regards to capital expenditure and operating model. But also, I think you're going to see that impact in a place like China where we think we can save on SG&A and capital and have some of the partners do the business for us.
David Powers: Yes. The outlets had a better comp than concepts, generally speaking, and the other important piece of that was that our margins were better in outlets than they've been in the past. And that's directly associated to our SMU strategy and putting some of our core classic traditional product in those at full price.
David Powers: Yes. It's -- well, what we're planning for fall '15 in -- is elevated price points in specialty classics through some SMUs that we're developing for our DTC channel and then a higher mix of the casual boots in the fashion and weather product that will impact the total AUR.
David Powers: No, no, but yes, there's more to do -- those have more to do with mix. Specialty classics, we'll be increasing prices on it but build -- but that will build demand on design.
Constance X. Rishwain: Right. And I also wanted to add, when people come into the store, they want to see the new products and the new fashion products in casual boots, so we really want to wow them with that product in the stores.
Constance X. Rishwain: Well, our retailers, our wholesale customers are happy with the results of the quarter and their inventory levels. They're very excited about our strategy of buying into more casual boots and more weather products for next fall, and so we see an increase in pre-book in those categories.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes. We're not actually seeing that. Overall for the total fall season, Classics are up. It was up in second quarter. It's just slightly down in third quarter. So no, we're not seeing any competitive problem there.
Constance X. Rishwain: Okay, sorry. We see shifting approximately 10% of our core business into these categories. Classics will still remain our #1 category, and it still performed extremely well at retail, double-digit sell-through every week in November, December with our customers. So it's just a shift into newer products. But again, classics and slippers will still be our 2 biggest category.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes, we think so because we have accounts that this year for fall '14 had converted a lot of their classic dollars into casual boots and weather, and they were the most successful. They had the most successful year end of all of our customers. So the performance of non-classic product in sneakers, in casual boots, weather, slippers was good across the board and fashion as well. So our retailers are seeing the consumers are voting, that they're buying into these new categories. So they're happy to shift -- they're open to [ph] dollars to this.
Constance X. Rishwain: No, I mean, we had a really healthy increase in our weather business this year, and we could have probably sold a lot more if we had, had more inventory. We had aggressively stocked it, and we ended up chasing it, and we're still chasing it in January. So we see that weather category being more important than ever before for next year. And then there's a lot of casual boots that are within the weather category that have weather features, but they just look like everyday casual boots that women can wear to work. And we see a lot of growth and opportunity there, and that performed extremely well this year.
Constance X. Rishwain: Well, we're planning many of these new categories up across the board, Sam. So we're planning sneakers up, slippers up, not double digits but up. And we're just trying to convert our open-to-buy dollars to have a much more diversified assortment and a healthier business with all of our retailers. We have a lot of retailers that have done that already and really believe -- and they believe as well that this is the best future for the UGG brand, is to diversify our assortments further.
Constance X. Rishwain: Right. For most of our retail partners, the stores that were hit the hardest were the West Coast and Hawaii, which doesn't affect some of our retailers like Dillard's but does affect some of our other retailers. And that trend was throughout the fall. And it was similar, as Dave was saying, for our own stores. Hawaii and the West Coast was probably the softest, and then the Northeast and Upper Midwest was very strong.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes. I would say men's was very strong. Women's was definitely strong. Kids was a little soft. Overall, internet was very strong, a lot of conversion from our stores, from our customers that have brick and mortar and an internet site, a lot of conversion from their brick-and-mortar stores to the internet.
Constance X. Rishwain: Right. And with our wholesale partners, the store business is still very, very critical, and we're really excited about opportunities with presentation and cross merchandising between loungewear. We had a lot of that this year especially at Nordstrom, where he had started the [ph] loungewear department and kiosks throughout the store. So our presence in our wholesale partner stores is very critical. They are seeing a shift to online as well, but that doesn't diminish the importance of our business in-store.
Constance X. Rishwain: No, no, it actually would affect wholesale as well as they convert more and more. The mix will affect wholesale as well.
Constance X. Rishwain: So we historically do -- yes, we historically do stock classics for our retailers in the core colors, and we historically stock slippers as well. I think, really, they were happy overall with the performance of classics. They did sell double digits. It was really tough to make up, as we were saying, the Black Friday week, and the first couple of weeks of December were just softer than last year, but they still performed at retail. But we couldn't -- they couldn't necessarily make up the dollars in those last 3 weeks of December. But overall, for the year, classics were up. It was just for the quarter they were down, and that was really due to some few soft weeks compared to the prior year. But still, I must emphasize it really performed at double digits every week in retail sell-through.
Constance X. Rishwain: There could be more, yes, there could be more -- yes, I believe you were talking-- there could be more at-once business next year based if they plan their pre-book down in the core, and we'll have inventory for those at-once orders.
Constance X. Rishwain: We've been moving people in -- from core to specialties for the last few years, and we saw a shift for core to specialty. We'll continue to do that. So the core pre-book may go down. We think specialty will go up, and then, of course, casual boots and weather will go up.
Angel R. Martinez: I think one of the things that we're learning, Camilo, one of the things that we're learning is having a better understanding of the replenishment cycle by our core classic consumer and all of the various factors that impact the replenishment cycle. Generally speaking, it's the consumer, every 2 years replaces their classic. Many years ago or 5 or 6 years ago, our job was to get them to buy more UGG product beyond classics. We've succeeded at that obviously. But now getting back to that replenishment cycle, it can be disruptive -- a bit disrupted. So for example -- and this is speculation. I don't know the answer to this, but it's just one of the things that we have to consider in understanding this. The polar vortex of early 2014 and February and March, people were out buying classic, and they were buying a lot of product that normally would have been postponed until the fall season. And there could have been some impact from that. That's, again, one of the many things that we're starting to better understand so that we really make a science out of this classic business and the replenishment cycle that impacted.
Angel R. Martinez: Let me -- I just want to underscore, again, basically, the Classic business has emerged as an incredibly powerful foundation stone for this brand obviously. And it's the kind of foundation stone that if you're properly managing it, you have to manage it as separate and distinct from the brand. It has its own needs. It has its own marketing requirements. It has its seasonality, and as I mentioned, it has replenishment. And those are all things that we will now be focusing on far more aggressively to fully maximize what classic is as a foundation of our UGG brand. I think, as I said on my comments, it kind of feels like we took it for granted a little bit. The consumer would predictably show up on a certain cycle, in a certain quarter every single year, and we know that we have to drive that demand aggressively in order to give her awareness that there's always something new and fresh and a new reason to buy a new pair of classic.
Angel R. Martinez: And Camilo, we're also seeing the same reaction from our key accounts in Europe as well. It's been very positive Fall line.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as I mentioned earlier, Omar, the -- it altered the repurchase or the replenishment cycle. That's a reasonable theory. There are a lot of moving parts to understanding the impact of weather. We have been responding, as you've heard, very aggressively with cold weather product, with waterproof product, and that has made a big difference because it seems from my sort of layman's perspective, it seems that winter comes later and lasts longer. And we're -- look at the storms of this last week back east, more intensity. So we're really beginning to understand that impact across our business. And keep in mind that there are regional differences as well. So Europe, for example, does not have the same weather impact at the same time that we get in North America.
Angel R. Martinez: And last year, we did lose opportunity because we ran out cold weather product. We didn't have all the extensions of casual, waterproof product that Connie mentioned, and that was one of the adjustments we made as we went into this year. So I think we're in a better shape from a product assortment perspective this year than we were last year. And so I think the comparison is not as difficult as one might think.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, this -- I can use an example from my past, and I think Dave has got examples, too, from his past. And when I was at Reebok, for example, it was many years ago now, our classic business had grown to be $650 million, which is a very big business. And what was very interesting is that we found ourselves suddenly realizing that we have been putting all the marketing effort toward Shaquille O'Neal and various other things at the expense of that classic business. So we broke the classic business up. We gave it its own marketing plan, its own marketing budget, its own strategy separate and distinct from everything we were doing with performance product, and it became -- it grew significantly after that. So it then got the attention that it deserved, and it got the focus that it deserved. This is what we're talking about here. We're saying that if what -- x percentage of our business is represented by core classic, then we need to make sure that we at least devote that percentage or close to it of our marketing spend against core classic and not to the broader idea of lifestyle marketing for the total brand because people sometimes then take their eye off the classic ball. You might want to talk about your experience at the GAP.
Angel R. Martinez: I'd say to you it's probably around 10% to 15%, and that's about where we want it to be given where we are. Just so you understand, over the last year, the mix of classics has really changed. We've continued to drive our core classic business down from roughly 1/3 to below 30%, and that drop in core classics, we've made up for by the growth of specialty classics. And certainly, when you look at the total boot business, we now have to talk about casual boots and weather and fashion. Total women's -- total classics -- all classics for womens in 2014 is up over 6%.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all, for joining us. Let me just reiterate that it was a record quarter for this company and very proud of the adjustments that we've made, particularly in this very dynamic consumer environment with all the parts all moving, including FX now which is a whole other conversation. I'd say another thing. As we look at our UGG business, we have more consumers than ever accessing more product in more channels with more diversity than ever. And the brand continues to grow because now we see the consumers want to have their UGG in a variety of different tastes, if you will, and that bodes well for the future. That kind of gives us a much more multi-dimensional foundation around which to grow the business. The other piece of this was that it was a business that was done at primarily full margin, which is very important for our retailers. And let me underscore the flexibility of our Omni-Channel strategy, which allows us to analyze trends in the marketplace in a consumer retail brick-and-mortar environment, an E-Com environment and a wholesale environment and move the pieces around to allow us to maximize revenue and maximize profit. And that's a very important thing going forward, and I think that kind of flexibility is pretty important. So thank you, all. Much appreciate your time, and we look forward to talking to you on the next call.
