Dave Powers: Jon, this is Dave. I'll give you some context and I'll let Steve get into the specifics on that. But I think if you go back to the way that our team has been managing the brand in the marketplace with clean distribution and quality distribution and the diversification of product away from classics and we've said this before, we believe we're becoming less weather reliant. That said we did have pockets of upside based on weather throughout the quarter. But just I think what we've seen is the diversification of the product and how we're engaging with the consumers to drive that beyond this weather related products that we've had to struggle within the past. And are also seeing healthy margins, because full price sell-throughs were strong, particularly in North American market, we didn't chase top-line but promotional activity, and you're seeing some of us carry over into Q4. So while the marketplace was challenged and the department stores struggled in places, the strength of the brand and the diversification of the product and then just focusing on full price quality sales for the health of the brand's short and long-term versus chasing the top-line, those all contributed to it. We started off January a little bit soft in the North American wholesale channel and DDC as well just based on consumer trends. But we've helped clear on not promoting the brand at the expense of top-line, you're seeing that in results.
Dave Powers: And then the last thing on Q3 is, was also helped by the strength of UGG men's at 10% growth, as well as kids augmenting some of the diversification efforts.
Dave Powers: You know, as we mentioned in the script, there's a couple of franchises that are emerging within UGG brand that are really resonating within younger consumer and providing what we think is healthy long term opportunity, and the first is the new male franchise. We've been building that in the men's the business over the last couple of years and we had a major campaign, called new male nation this fall, which helped tremendously to drive that business, as well as iterations in men's. We've also expanded that now into women's, and it's become a top five style in the women's business and into kids. So it's resonating with the younger more diverse consumer and that's creating some excitement in the brand, and that's a franchise that we will definitely continue to build on, both domestically and internationally. The other one, which you talked a lot about this year, is the Fluff franchise. And that showed continued strengths this past quarter. It's a big part of our focus going into Q4 and Q1 of next year. We have a lot of innovation in the pipeline that we think is going to be really exciting in expanding that franchise beyond just the current use occasion and also eventually getting some traction in the men's business as well. We actually had a lot of demand from our male consumer for Fluff Yeah product and extending that into kids as well. So those would be the two lead franchises. In addition to that, we are going aggressively after the sneaker opportunity as we have been in key markets. We just had an exciting launch in Paris, just recently with the Japanese retail partner and really continuing to ignite some excitement for the brand at the high end PR level and with exciting collaborations and influencers. With regards to EMEA, we've talked about this for a couple quarters now. We're in the midst of a multiyear reset there. I'd say we're probably just getting through year one of that reset. It's very similar to what we went through with the U.S., three or four years ago, cleaning up inventory, cleaning up distribution, focusing on controlling full-price sale through, the classics, it's a little bit more challenging there, because we can influence prices in the market like we can in the U.S. But we're working through that. There's also some macro issues happening in the UK, particularly in the Europe business right now with the retail and then Brexit et cetera. So we're taking it slow. We're looking over this, looking at this from a long-term perspective, controlling the marketplace. And as I said, we're not chasing discounting to keep the top line going. And so that's what's great about the strength in domestic businesses as we can afford to make some of those resets in EMEA for the help of the long-term, and we will continue to focus on elevating that and maintaining the strength of the classics business through the next couple of years.
Dave Powers: With regards to HOKA, this is an exciting story, not only for Deckers but also for the marketplace internationally. And as we said in the call, in the script, we had success in the quarter in all regions and all channels. The momentum of the brand is exceptional. And we think things are going to continue to accelerate. From a distribution standpoint, I think one of the things that is working very well is to take control of distribution. So we don't have really broad based distribution expansion plan. In the short term, we are exploring a couple of smaller options that we'll test in the short term but really, really focused on maintaining our positioning and taking more share in the run specialty channel globally and enhancing our outdoor distribution. RAI is a critical key partner of ours and we're having great success with them and others. And that playbook is being implemented also in Europe and our APAC region and then really driving replenishment and new acquisition opportunities to our own e-commerce site. And this in the growth and that channel, as you're seeing the business but also in the margin is very strong as well. So we're going to continue down this path. We're calling it the HOKA ecosystem where we showcase the brand in a tight elevated distribution at wholesale and drive additional purchases to our Web site. And we're going to stay the course in that for a while.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would say overall, we have an excellent handle on the SG&A across the organization and the teams have done an incredible job of making sure we're tight in areas that we can leverage, but also identifying our key growth drivers across the organization, which we talked about in HOKA and UGG men's, ultimately getting to apparel, Koolaburra. And I think we're just in a unique position where we've right sized the organization, we have very healthy mid-teen operating margins. And we're allowed the opportunity to further invest in the growth of these brands, which we need to do. It's a very competitive environment. We're fighting for sharing in all of our channels. We have some challenges in EMEA that we need to work through. And Steve and I and the teams are managing this very tightly, shifting expenses from fixed to variable and being able to adjust based on the growth of the brand, and the results we're seeing in revenue, but also the return on marketing expense. So we're very happy with how things are going there. We're confident that we're making investments in the right places, and we're seeing those returns. And as long as that's the case, we're going to continue to fuel it.
Dave Powers: And with regards to the European business, and just to clarify that is an UGG specific challenge that we're having in the EMEA region. I would say, Dana, we're coming out of year one of a three year reset. Obviously, some declines that we had planned for and some challenges that I mentioned. But I would expect to see really the real indicator of brand consideration in that marketplace. We track that on a regular basis, and we'll do our best to keep everyone updated through our quarterly calls. We have a lot of internal conversations around marketing, using local influencers versus global influencers for ramping up our digital marketing tools in that region, to really drive excitement and brand consideration. And then I would say probably in FY21, you'll start to see the business level out with return to growth in FY22, at this point.
Dave Powers: Yes, I don't really have much more to add on to that. I think it's kind of a wait and see, not just for us in the marketplace, what this does to the global Chinese consumer and impacts in other regions and retail business as a result of that. We do have teams in Shanghai, we have team in Guangzhou. They are challenged. But as Steve said to the rest of the business right now, we think we've got quantified. There may be a little bit impact on internal kind of development work over the next few months. But we don't see that as a significant impact to the business going forward. But we're obviously going to continue to monitor it closely and also keeping a close eye on the health and the well being of our teams.
Dave Powers: And as we also mentioned, this is the first time that we saw unit sales in the Europe or the international business eclipse that in the U.S. So keep in mind there it's largely a much bigger portion of wholesale business and a large distributor business. So the average price on a product there is lower because of that. But we're excited about the unit growth, which means more shoes on more feet across the globe, which means adoption is increasing. It just gives us more excitement around the opportunity internationally.
Dave Powers: I think to answer the question, two areas that we're seeing work well is new product introduction, so the Carbon X and Rincon. Those are resonating with the younger consumer, consumers who want to go faster but still want the overall benefits from the cushion experience that HOKA provides. So we're going to continue to do that. And we're going to continue the formula we're using real consumer experiences in HOKA product to tell that. So leveraging the time-to campaign, making sure that we're reaching diverse consumers as we have been and really cultivating younger consumers through some of the efforts that the field marketing reps are doing across the region, continuing to show up in the right events globally, staying authentic to the channel, continuing to innovate at a fast pace. And what's great now about the breadth of the brand is it is being adopted by a large diverse consumer across the board. And we are seeing growth and excitement and penetration into the younger consumer. So we're just going to continue to cultivate that and you'll see that in increased marketing spend and the approach that we're taking. In the product pipeline, we'll continue to build on the successes that we've had in our core franchises of Bondai and Clifton and speed go. The Carbon X product is going to continue to evolve. And we're looking at great opportunities to expand that across the board. And we're very pleased with the introduction of the Rincon product and see that as a key evolution going forward as well.
Dave Powers: And in addition to that, keep in mind that we have been leveraging the development of UGGpure and materials as an alternative to pure sheepskin, that's growing as a proportion for the line as we get into more diverse product and more fashionable product and different price points that balances out the demand for twin phase sheepskin and it's also helping margin and retail opportunities as well.
Dave Powers: I'll answer the second question first and I'll let Steve answer the first one. Currently, HOKA is part of about 99% footwear. And when you look at the long range opportunity in the brand and we've talked about getting two and beyond the $500 million point, there's a lot of runway still within just footwear. We're for incubating apparels. There is going to be a launch that's coming out in the next quarter, which is a GDC only launch in the U.S. to see what the appetite is for apparel and test. But the teams are 100% focused on evolving the footwear business, continuing to take market share. But we do see longer term, three to five years down the road that this can be a much bigger brand beyond just footwear. And we think apparel and gear is an opportunity within that as well.
Dave Powers: And the mix of online business as a percentage of the total, if that increases, obviously, the margin gets exponentially better, and we're able to capture that consumer for the long-term lifetime value of that sale. And then our digital marketing efforts and our return on digital marketing spend against our Web site is exceptional, so we're going to continue to fuel that at the pace of the growth that we're seeing.
Dave Powers: Right now, where we're at with sourcing coming from China is it's about 10%, maybe a little bit less, and so we've factored that into the -- what we spoke about earlier with the risk and then the long range view of the company and margin opportunity [Multiple Speakers] 10% of shipments that are at risk coming out of that market. And as you know, the teams have done a fantastic job. I have to give them credit for migrating out of China over the last three years. Not only have we quickly migrated to new markets in Vietnam and beyond, but the quality of our product has improved overtime and the margins have improved as results.
Dave Powers: So on the capacity, it's a great question. And first I would say I give the teams a lot of credit. This explosive growth is a lot more than we had anticipated or planned for. So the teams have been able to quickly chase not only production capacity but materials and be able to keep the fuel -- the flow of inventory in those core products to the extent that we're not really missing sales, but we are capitalizing on the opportunity. And we've had great discussions internally on making sure that we are preparing for continued acceleration of that brand, working closely with our partners, the teams have been over in China within the last month and a half, working closely with our factory partners, both on machinery to be able to produce the shoes but also the capacity. And we feel really good about our opportunity to continue this rate of growth. With regards to Koolaburra, we're very excited about the reaction to the brand by the consumer, how they are -- how that brand is performing at retail and at the retail prices that consumers are paying for it. We've had a great, obviously, initial launch over the last couple years with Kohl's. Footwear business is strong. We actually just launched, if you guys haven’t noticed. This fall we had a home launch with them through our license partner, which was also very successful at Kohl's. We're looking at ways to expand that as well. We're not really looking to expand distribution for Kohl's. It’s really around penetration and existing partners. And then there's opportunity to expand the business in Europe. We had a soft launch this fall, things went well. We had some little bit of late deliveries on products, so we didn't capitalize on the full opportunity. But it is going to be something that we're going to continue to go after. And we're looking at this longer term as not just a footwear brand but really a lifestyle brand. And we're incubating business opportunities to be able to capture that now.
Steve Fasching: Jon, this is Steve. As Dave said, I think what we saw was compelling product in the marketplace. We didn't have a nice setup so that definitely helped. Having clean marketplace also helped. So going into the quarter cleaner in the wholesale channel was a good setup for us. And then we did have a nice start into the quarter. So from what we implied in our guidance or what we have in our guidance, we did better on the promotion side that was largely driven in the domestic component of the business. We did have some promotions related to the international. But from what we were thinking would happen, we did 60 basis points to 80 basis points, probably a little bit better in the quarter than what we had thought related to the promotion. And then just a note on Q4, with kind of strong clean sell-through, we've increased our margin on Q4. So we removed some of that conservative promotional that we have factored into Q4.
Steve Fasching: I'll take care of the channel inventory, still good. It's up a little bit from where we were a year ago, but comfortable with the levels really that we're seeing. And the feedback that we've gotten really good strong sell through in Q3. So I think we're -- we feel good about where the inventory fit coming out of the quarter.
Steve Fasching: I think I'll take this one and Dave can jump in. I think one of the things that we have seen, especially as a lot of the work that we've done, we've taken as part of our profit improvement plan. We've taken a lot of expense out. As we're rebuilding brand heat, as we're moving into some of the new initiatives, we are investing in those initiatives and that's where you're seeing the increase in the current year, and it's delivering results. So we think the spend is appropriate this year, we'll give guidance on kind of how we're looking at next year. But we're investing more in marketing so we're increasing that variable component of our spend, and it's something that we're going to be able to watch closely. But it's an important part with the brands growing as rapidly as they are that we continue to feel that through marketing and investment.
Steve Fasching: I'll take the first one. Our DTC comp was up 4.7%. As you know, we don't break out retail and e-com. But clearly e-com performed very strongly. I think retail for the most part was kind of within our expectations but down. And so you know it's something that we're constantly looking at. It's something that we talked about really for the last couple of years of how we're shaping our fleet and how we're improving performance. So something that we're going to continue to monitor, clearly, retail plays an important strategic element in how we go to market. And so that's going to be a continued area that we're going to look at. And it's something that we are working on and improving in some of the stores that have been underperforming. And for those that have underperformed, we've closed. So that's something that we'll continue to monitor and work as we progressed along.
Steve Fasching: So I'll start with that and Dave can jump in. I think, as we said, we do have a factor in there, a little bit on more of the demand side. From a supply side, most of our product is coming out of Vietnam, so we haven't seen at this point any disruption from a supply side issue. As I said, we have put in an element around the demand related to China and restrictions in China. As I also said, it's still very early. So it's really hard to know where this is going to go and how it's going to end up. But at this point, with the majority of our supply coming out of Vietnam from a supply issue, we're in good shape but we'll see how things develop.
Steve Fasching: On the HOKA breakout and we haven't given specific numbers. But from a dollar perspective, I think it's -- we're about two-thirds little less on domestic and one-third kind of international.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I'm nothing to share there right now. We're continuing to evaluate opportunities for that long-term in all regions. And so, right now we're staying the course and building brand helping our subsidiary market, supporting the distributors. We have actually done that with our Canadian market. So this will be the first year in FY21 that is fully owned and run by us. We did that in Japan about three or four years ago, and it proved very successful. So it's something we're considering as we look at the long-term strategic outlook of this, and making sure that operationally we are ready to do that if we get to that point.
Steve Fasching: Yes, normally we give that update but I can give you just a little bit of clarity. So we're covered into 2022 so we're fully covered for 2021 and we're comfortably covered for 2022, and we'll be able to provide more of an update. But the supply that we have locked in we feel comfortable with the position that we have really definitely over the next year and well into 2022.
Steve Fasching: So total women's classics, you know we've been hovering in the last few years below 50%. We're now turning closer to 40%, just seen above 40%. So part of that is on purpose with how we're controlling distribution allocation of the women's classics franchise. And some of that is also bolstered by the fact that you are seeing success in men's in other areas, such as the Fluff Yeah, and that strategy's working. We have more progress that we need to make in the international markets. Those are still a little bit more heavily penetrated, some of the in the core classics. But as the adoption of the Neumel and the Fluff, you know the categories increased in those markets and we finished out the segmentation and allocation work, we hope to see the same results in those international markets and being less reliant overall.
Steve Fasching: And then, Paul, the way we're thinking about the margin, it depends on a number of factors. But clearly, on the domestic business where we have opportunity for margin improvement is with migration of more customers online. And we have seen that happening and that's helping drive some upside on the margin. So as we've talked about before, as consumers are introduced to the brand through the wholesale channel, there is a migration online as they get further down into repeat purchases. So we're continuing to see that trend, probably a little bit stronger than what we earlier identified. And then to the question earlier that we got, as we look at international markets, the further opportunity there is how we capture sales, both from our own market in the wholesale distributor markets, conversion to online business. So a lot more opportunity to drive the higher margin business, but we're still growing the brand. So we're bringing customers in, it's about how we're bringing customers in through all channels. And as they further engage with the brand, our opportunity is how we engage with them online and drive that margin for them.
Steve Fasching: Yes, what we've said specifically to that is one kind of in the current quarter what we factored in and still relatively small. In terms of international markets, we've said about half of that is Europe, 40-ish percent of that is APAC. And when you look at APAC, it's now kind of split between China and Japan largely.
Steve Fasching: Right now, men's is tracking as we planned it. As you know, we've been talking about this for the last few years now and migrating men to younger, more fashion oriented consumer with different distribution away from the traditional slipper and classic business. We're now at about 15% of the total penetration. We think the potential there is closer to 20% over time. But it's really being driven by the Neumel franchise and some of the winter boots in that business. So the Neumel has continued to resonate, both their core distribution but also at new distribution like the Footlocker and Footaction, real strength in journeys. We've opened up some sport lifestyle distribution in the EMEA market, which is starting to perform well. It hasn't resonated to the same extent in Europe and Asia that it has in the U.S. yet, but it's an early days of introduction at that consumer. So we're leveraging the marketing playbook that has worked well in the U.S., which is collaborations and high level influencers and ambassadors for the brand, showing the product in a new and exciting way and we're going to continue down that path. At the same time, we're seeing success in derivatives of that, the Harkland boot which is little bit slimmer and more appropriate to an international consumer, leveraging the Butte franchise, which is our leading winter boot and then leveraging existing styles like the Tasman slipper, which is also being worn by younger high school, college age students. So we feel good about the reach of the consumer and the diversity of the product, and the teams are working very fast to iterate as much as we can and to take advantage of the opportunity. And as I mentioned earlier on, there is also opportunity we think in the Fluff franchise to translate that to the male consumer as well.
Steve Fasching: So one thing we did this year is we've pulled forward our closet event. So last year, we had it in January. This year we pulled it into the last week of December. And we saw two things; one, we saw it perform but we saw it perform better than what we expected; and we did see a corresponding low to the start of January. So you know that was the case where we saw products selling stronger in that last week where we thought some of that might trickle really into the first part of January. And so capturing that sale late in December and the low, we put the timing as people were buying the product earlier.
