Steve Fasching: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans and strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Jon, just to go back a little bit, we talked about in the call that you just heard, on the 2017 to 2018 improvement, largely driven by supply chain initiatives that we talked about last year. And some of – as Dave mentioned, accelerating a little bit about forward into 2018. So, 2018 coming in a little bit better than what we had initially expected, but kind of guided to on our last call. We also had, with favorable weather conditions, a better promotion and close-out environment. So, some of that anticipated in terms of the closeout environment, also a little bit better with weather. Those were kind of the – really the big drivers. There was the component of FX in there, about 40 basis points in the year. And then, going forward, as you look at our guide for 2019, as we indicated, there's a little bit of improvement, a little more on the supply chain initiatives that's going to help us out. A little – we'll lose a little bit on the promotion environment, as we've assumed a more normalized winter season. So, we'll lose a little bit of ground there. Overall, we should pick up a little bit.
Steve Fasching: And then, Camilo, just how we tie that into kind of an assumption around cancellations versus net reorders, so as Dave mentioned, as we are allocating our classic product, what we're actually selling into wholesale is more men's and spring/summer. So, with kind of a relatively flattish to down a little bit on the UGG business, we just thought it was conservative to assume that there would be some cancellations of that other product. So, that's kind of how that fits into that strategy.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Well, I think the other factor that you have to consider is weather too. So, we're factoring a more normalized winter season. So, that's going to be a part of it too. So, coming out of a very strong year where we had net positive reorders, kind of assuming with the change in wholesale, what we're selling in, we just think it's right and conservative to take a – and it's not a big number. It's a small cancellation number.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Jim. Just to give you a little bit more color on the domestic versus wholesale, so the strategic decisions that we've been talking about, Dave just mentioned, that's largely a dynamic in the North America/US market. So, that's where we're seeing kind of a year-over-year decline. So, as we guided UGG down a little bit on the year, that's really being driven by that domestic component. The international wholesale distributor business is up year-on-year in the guidance that we've given for the year. So, we expect Europe to be a grower in the UGG business.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Chris, this is Tom. I think you hit it. In terms of SG&A guidance for the back half of the year, it's more flattish to down. And in terms of gross margin expansion, you hit it. It's more the front half of the year. I think something to point out in the fourth quarter on the first quarter on the gross margin. That's where we don't expect as favorable a promotional environment. So, you could see some decline in the fourth quarter gross margin.
Steve Fasching: Yes. What I can do is I'll give you on the year-on-year. So, we finished 2017 at 46.7. We finished 2018 at 48.9. Roughly 220 basis point improvement year-on-year. 120 basis points of that really came from supply chain initiatives that we drove. And as I mentioned, some of that was an acceleration of things that we had initially planned happening later, happening in FY 2018. So, that's why it's a little bit higher than what we had originally guided to. The promotions and the closeouts were worth about 80 basis points. We got a lift from FX of about 40 basis points in the year. So, that's pretty much your 220.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I was going to say, for 2019, so kind of starting at that 48.9 gross margin percent, getting to something around 49-ish or better, coming from additional supply chain initiative, call it roughly 30 basis points. FX, we think will be another 30 basis points. And then, that will get offset by assumptions around a more normalized winter. So, we'll lose probably – we're fidgeting around 20 basis points. And then, we'll lose a little bit with channel mix. So, as we increase our wholesale business in proportion, we'll lose a little bit on the gross margin there. So, netting a little better than 10 basis points on the year.
David Powers: Yeah. Jonathan, that's the right way to think about it. I think as we came off a really strong year and we saw success across all channels, particularly some of the help we got through a cold winter and positive weather for the brands, we think that there is opportunity there, but we're in this for the long term and we want to make sure we set the UGG brand on the right path with regards to our transformation of the distribution in the marketplace, elevating the brand and the right accounts, continuing to rationalize the stores that we distribute the brand in and segmenting based on consumer and where they shop by channel. So, we feel that this is the right time to make sure that we reset that distribution, that we get a better handle and control on the classics franchise, and maintain a clean and healthy inventory in the marketplace. So, that, combined with the rationalization of the retail fleet, which we've already spoken about, from my perspective, is a very healthy strategy to maintain the health and integrity of the brand and to really set us up for profitable growth in the right channels with new consumers going forward. So, it doesn't get in the way of us delivering on our 2020 targets. We still think we can exceed the 2020 targets of $2 billion and 13% and we're tracking towards that. But we've taken this opportunity this year to be realistic and smart about the distribution of the inventory.
David Powers: Yeah. So, with regard to the segmentation, and I like the way you frame it, what does that mean for the consumer. From my perspective what that means for the consumer going into the individual channels is a more tailored assortment, specifically for that store and that consumer. So, we've done a lot of work over the last couple of years to segment the line beyond the classics franchise, making sure that we have the tiers covered between core and premium and pinnacle and across kind of core department stores and new emerging use distribution. And we felt, this year, it was right time to do the same with our classics franchise. So, we have gone through every account in North America and allocated what we think is the right assortment based off of that channel. So, when the consumer comes in, they'll have a more tailored assortment specific to their style preference and also price, et cetera. We think this is the right thing to do, obviously, as I said earlier, going forward for the continued premium positioning of the brand, to make sure that the accounts that we are in business with for the long-term are successful and all have a point of differentiation between each other and that we're using styles beyond the core classics franchise to excite that consumer. What this also does is it gives us an opportunity to show a broader assortment of product and we've been talking about diversification within the product line for some time. And I think this is also a part of our ability now to go forward and really rely less on the core classic as a driver every season and allow ourselves to get more assortment of product out to the consumer and a broader base, more balanced assortment going forward for the business.
David Powers: We want them to have a healthy inventory going into the season, high sellthrough throughout the season and there's opportunity for us with their inventory position to be able to help them through, but really finishing the season clean as a result – similar to what we saw this year because we think that's the right approach going forward. Starting strong, high sellthrough, and then finishing clean, which also gives us an opportunity to present more spring and summer product in the marketplace because a clean situation on classics allows for more investment in new emerging categories.
David Powers: I think in a lot of ways, this is part of the segmentation strategy and the elevation of the UGG brand. But I'm very encouraged by the success of Koolaburra. It's early days. It's our second season. Second year with some of our key accounts has been very strong. What our customers are telling us is they appreciate the price points and they appreciate the margins and the full price sellthrough of the brand. It's resonating well with that consumer, both on a style and a value perspective. And we're going to continue to expand distribution. You see we're doubling the business this year. And looking forward, further category extensions, beyond just kind of core cold-weather product into spring and summer. But I think the tight focus on distribution, key accounts that we can get a lot of reach through with, quite frankly, little effort on our part, with healthy product high sellthrough is a formula that we're learning a lot about, we're very excited about. And it's the first foray in a meaningful way into this, what we call, the kind of the family value channel. And we're seeing great success so far with a lot of optimism for where that can go in the future.
David Powers: Yeah, good question. So, we're encouraged by the markets that we've been focusing on over the last 12, 18 months, which are really Germany and Europe and China as we continue to roll out our partner program there. So, we will continue to focus on those as the key growth drivers. What's nice about those markets because they are relatively new in the maturity of the brand is that it's a more balanced assortment, an elevated new distribution, particularly in Germany. And so, we're going to continue to drive investments and focused on growing those two markets. Tons of opportunity, obviously, in both of them, doing it in a quality way, doing it in a balanced way, healthy inventories, healthy sellthrough, healthy brand presentation and we'll continue to do that. We don't have the similar issues with rationalization of accounts across the international markets. A little bit perhaps in the UK, but we're also opening up new accounts to reach younger consumers, having great success with accounts like ASOS, which is an online retail over there which has proved a great vehicle for us to bring new product to the market and again reach new consumers in a consolidated way. Little bit of clean up between – as you know, we're closing stores, but some of that in Japan, kind of rightsizing some of the wholesale distribution there. But none of it to the extent of what we've been going through in North America. A much healthier position from, particularly, the new markets, as I said, in Germany and China and we'll continue to focus on that.
David Powers: Yeah. As you know, we started a couple years ago with testing some new accounts as we're transforming and kind of repositioning the marketplace. But we did some initial accounts with Footaction and SIX:02, part of the Foot Locker Group, Urban Outfitters, ASOS, as I mentioned in Europe, Zalando, those are good examples of brand new distribution that is a younger consumer that I don't really feel crosses over too much with our core department store distribution, particularly through a fashion sensibility perspective and price point. So, those have been very successful so far. I don't want to ahead of myself, but I think there is a lot of opportunity there going forward. And the way that the team has repositioned the UGG brand with a little bit more of a fashion edge, leveraging the California lifestyle positioning, the new product is resonating. And I think that, as I said, or as you heard in the script, we talked about the brand heat in the YouGov tracking. It's starting to resonate. And the younger consumer is reaching out to the brand online. We're driving traffic to our social channels and e-commerce channels and we're working closely with those new accounts to give them the assortment that is right for their channel and their consumer. And so far, that's working and we see significant opportunity there going forward.
David Powers: Yeah. It's an evolving marketplace. And so, I think you'll see the majority of the cleanup happen this year. But as things evolve and consumer patterns shift, we'll continue to evaluate that. I think we are very focused on the long term goal of elevating the brand and maintaining that kind of premium positioning. What it does though is it also allows us as I said to better diversify the distribution through channels and consumer. And I think we're starting to see early success of that, protecting our core heritage distribution with key partners like Nordstroms and Dillard's, but opening up some of these new accounts, which I think over time can be meaningful. And so, we will end up with a more elevated presentation across the marketplace for that kind of core heritage business as well as a kind of, call it, youth lifestyle distribution in a quality way. And I think what you'll end up seeing starting in FY 2020 is a return to healthier growth in 2021 for the UGG brand, particularly in North America as a result of that.
David Powers: Yeah. We didn't get into specifics on sellthrough, but the sell-in was received well, so meaning that what we show the customers, they bought a broader assortment and deeper than they have in the past. And part of that had to do with helping them with inventory and freeing up some open to buy [ph] spring and summer. But the reports so far on what we're seeing in the key categories of sneakers and sandals and fashion slippers, the sellthroughs are strong both across men's and women's. And we think that's going to lead to further growth and investment in those categories going forward.
David Powers: Yeah. So, the way we've looked at the kind of the year and the weather impact, it's always difficult to figure out exactly how much is weather. I think what you heard us talk about on the call last quarter with our beat in 3Q, roughly we got about $30 million of additional wholesale reorders that we attributed largely to weather. We think there was also about a $10 million pick up in DTC business. We think there was about a $10 million pickup in Q4 in DTC due to continuation of favorable weather conditions. So, hard to gauge, but in the ballpark of, call it, 50-ish or more million.
David Powers: Yeah. So there is a plan. Yeah, as we've assumed in the guide, a more normalized winter, we are not making those assumptions. So, to Camilo's question about kind of cancellations and so forth, we have assumed in the guide a more normalized, whatever that means, winter, right, and we will give some of that back.
David Powers: In closing, I'd like to thank the entire Deckers organization for their tireless efforts and their execution on our plan, their ongoing focus to optimize our brands in the marketplace and their work to position the organization for growth. I'm exceptionally proud of the entire team and the accomplishments achieved last year in a challenging environment. I'd also like to thank our board of directors for their support and contributions over the past fiscal year. And lastly, as we drive the business forward, thanks to our shareholders for their continued support as well.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Just going back to the 2019 guidance. I guess a couple of questions. Dave, if you could just maybe articulate a little bit more about what you're talking about with respect to the [cost of] [ph] segmentation and what that should look like at the consumer level? And then, if you can provide some context around the expectation of cancellations being greater than reorders in a scenario where it appears that the channel is very clean and you've clearly talked about implicitly that being the case and how that kind of marries with one another. It seems that the classics segmentation strategy and the ability to further focus on your distribution channels should make those channels actually healthier. So, I'm just trying to understand and to put the pieces altogether as to why we should expect to see such a big headwind of that $50 million on the UGG brand.
Camilo Lyon: I can't remember the last time you actually embedded greater cancellations versus reorders when you're anticipating a normalized weather pattern. Do I have my memory correct, in that industry…
Camilo Lyon: All right. So, it seems like you're just making sure that all your wholesale channel partners, especially with the [indiscernible] really tied on the inventory that they're presuming [indiscernible].
