Tom George: In the third quarter of 2010, net sales increased 21.7% to $277.9 million compared to $228.4 million in the third quarter of last year. Net sales of UGG products increased 20.2% to $255.8 million versus $212.8 million in the third quarter last year. Net sales of Teva products increased 51.7% to $13.7 million in the third quarter compared to $9 million in the same period of 2009. Combined net sales to the companies other brands increased 26.5% to $8.4 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared to $6.6 million a year ago. Included in these numbers of global retail store sales of $20.2 million, up 63.3% from $12.3 million in the third quarter of 2009, driven by eight new stores and a same store sales increases to 17.9%, for those stores that were opened for the full three-month period end in September 30, 2009 and 2010.
Tom George: Yes, Sam, I can do that for you. We had strong operating income for the quarter, so UGG is obviously the biggest driver there and then Teva and other brands are lower numbers more at the break even kind of level for the third quarter in the retail stores. Keep in mind on the retail stores, we charge them you know cost of goods sold at wholesale. They have lower operating margins compared to total vertical margin when you include the brand margin, which is included in UGG.
Tom George: I will go ahead and so for UGG wholesale which includes the brand margin on the retail store was approximately $96 million, Teva and the other brands is close to a break-even, e-commerce was approximately $1 million of operating income, retail stores close to $2 million, and then there is an unallocated corporate type overhead cost that go the other direction of approximately $30 million and $66 million of operating income.
Tom George: This is Tom. I will go ahead and respond to the 2009 and 2010 comparison. We are up 420 basis point. The lion’s share of that was really almost 200 basis points. That was just improved initial margins on the UGG brand, especially on the UGG brand as well as the other brands including Teva and some of the other items that I mentioned reduced closeouts and marked downs was about 40 basis point improvement year-over-year. We had a small amount rather residual amount that duty drawback, duty refund that only about 30 basis points, so higher content at retail. Retail sales this year compared to a year ago at about 50 basis points and the fact that we’re direct in Europe with Teva it’s a smaller Teva quarter but that is about 10 to 20 basis points of improvement.
Tom George: One thing Chris that we refuse to do, we won’t do is to lower the quality of the sheepskin that we select for our production. Almost without exception, you will see the people doing a knock off brand and obviously the counterfeit folks they’re buying the lower they reports buying the lower end of the sheep skin available and probably getting that a little bit cheaper price than what we were paying but we just refused to go there. We think our customer deserves a lot more than that.
Tom George: Omar, this is Tom. I’ll go ahead and give you the growth and our UGG US wholesale business. For the quarter, it is up around 10% year-to-date it’s up round 10% as well. We are pleased with that. I’ll turn it back over to Angel.
Angel Martinez: There is a lot to be exited about as we approach the holiday selling season and look forward the next year. We believe that we are developing great products and compelling lifestyle messaging to create strong global momentum from the UGG brand and now the Teva as well. We are seeing in our markets worldwide retailers are hungry for our brands. Zohar and I recently returned from Asia and it was clear during our visit to Japan that consumers have developed a true affinity for the UGG brand. Our new team has done a great job of re-igniting interest in the brand and they are making great headway building the right wholesale distribution and searching out potential new store locations. We saw similar trends in China, which is now the second largest luxury market, thanks to a growing population of consumers who want the brand name like UGG and Teva, now cheap imitations are knock offs. The sell through results from our four UGG stores in China speaks to this new wave of demand, which we believe will continue to grow for sometime. As I mentioned earlier, our European business is doing very well as awareness of our expanded product assortment continues to spread across the continent. We are very excited about bringing all our distribution in the UK and Benelux in-house and we’re confident that the UGG and Teva brands are ideally positioned to attract new consumers in these region as well as other key countries suggest France, Germany, Russia and Italy to name a few. Here in the US, newness is driving our business and so we believe that this will continue in spring 2011 as we further diversity the UGG line with additional non-boot style such as sneaker and sandals. Next month, we will begin pre-lining fall 2011 with our major accounts and we’re confident that we can build on the positive story line from this season. This is also true for the Teva brand as a light hikers and multi-sport collection become more meaningful to the spring line. In fact, more multi sport product is sold in spring versus fall. There is a true opportunity for us to increase our share of the key outdoor category. For 2011, the financial benefit we expect from our upcoming conversion to subsidiary models in Europe is very timely. In that for 2011, we now anticipate input cost increases will be toward the high end of the 5 to 10% range that we discussed in our second quarter callback in July due mainly to rise in commodity prices. In addition, based on the global trends our businesses are experiencing and our growing cash position, we believe 2011 is the opportunity time to make select strategic investments in our business that will accelerate market share gains in 2012 and beyond. Areas that we are looking at include an accelerated retail expansion, increasing the number of annual store openings beyond the nine planned additions that we have this year. New marketing and sales initiatives to accelerate the Teva brand’s growth and increasing awareness for our TSUBO brand. On a larger scale, we believe there are significant growth opportunities to the UGG men’s line, and our recent market research for UGG product indicates that we still has significant growth opportunities with women. Therefore, we plan to increase our investment in UGG brand to bring our brand’s spend as a percentage of sales up to be more in line with premium global brands. This should help us capitalize on the global opportunities we believe this for the UGG brand in both men’s and women’s category. Lastly, we will be investing in additional advertising and point of sale materials to support our transition of the wholesale sales in the UK and Benelux. We are still in the planning process for the next year and continue to evaluate the most effective ways to deploy our capital. We will lay out our investments and the benefits when we discuss our 2011 guidance in our next call in February 2011. In addition, we continue to evaluate potential acquisition opportunities and we remained very optimistic about the long-term potential of the UGG and, Teva brands and are becoming more excited about the prospects of the Simple, Tsubo and Ahnu brand. Everyone at Deckers is energized about the business, and our global organization is focused on successfully executing our growth strategies to return significant long-term value to our shareholders. Operator, we are now ready to open the call up for questions.
Angel Martinez: We anticipate gross margin remain consistent with what they’ve been. Our fundamental focus is to drive the business in those markets where we feel we have market share gain opportunities. Certainly in UK and Benelux where we put together very strong sales force, we have established the brand across a wholesale spectrum as well as our retail operations. It is to that point now where the brand would benefit from more aggressive competitive approach to the market for us meaning that more rollout of our shop-and-shop program, more spread and assortment of across wholesale channels, we’ll be developing our e-commerce platform to really grow up to the market and we anticipate as we roll forward that the Benelux will be moving in similar directions.
Angel Martinez: Todd, as far as retail goes, it is a very difficult thing to ignore the consumer’s love for the brand when they are exposed to the total breadth and assortment of the brand and in an environment that reflects the brand vision. We have been seeing that as we have been refining our approach around the world. As I have mentioned, Zohar and I were just in Asia and compared to what we see in Europe, we see the same thing happening in Asia with consumers responding in exactly the same way. The opportunity that exists around the world for us to solidify the category leadership of is very important and one that retail does better than anything else. Particularly in markets like Asia rather like China was there is no wholesale business. Brands are built on a retail foundation and so for us to dawdle too slowly into that market, it puts at risk the category of leadership opportunity that the brand is known for and the brand has established. We are going to keep moving on that front and will move aggressively for us. It doesn’t mean we’re just not going to open retail doors willy nilly but we take this seriously. I have said from day one that our stores need to make money; they are not marketing expenses, and we are running very profitable stores. When it comes to the apparel and accessories, we have been refining that approach. As you know, we’ve had cold weather accessories through our licensees at hats and gloves and scarves. That is doing very, very well. We have now begun the process of developing our own handbags and our own outerwear. By the way, we are doing knitwear for the fall as well. That business is very important as we round out a retail assortment. It is critical to have a complete brand story at retail. We are now developing to a base number of stores that allow us to be small runs of outwear, small runs of knitwear, small runs of handbag, and that creates a well rounded assortment of retail, which when our wholesale customers see that, it creates demand for that product in the wholesale environment. We are building it, in that sense, very methodically obviously tying in the shop-and-shops as we have developed them around the curious retailers as well as the Internet. That is really the approach we take.
Angel Martinez: Yes, for example, I mentioned the female consumers and 77% of them reports between the ages of 18 and 54. There is a very large percentage of population that we call prospect. These are people who have expressed an interest and an affinity for the brand and have just not have the exposure to it or not had the opportunity to purchase it having the purchase intent. That is an opportunity for us to add to the following we have for the brand in the core audience of female consumer. The men’s market is the market that we feel we have a very good opportunity in given the success we’ve had traditionally with cold weather products and our success with slippers and recent success with some casual products we’ve made in sneakers. From a brand perspective, if you really sort of look at us historically the UGG brand has spent about 2 to 2.5% of sales on marketing. Other brands of this caliber, for example, a Ralph Lauren, brands that you know world wide or very successful lifestyle brands and fashion brands spend 3.5 to 4%. The delta between the 2% and the 4% is an opportunity for us to very selectively and very methodically put marketing dollar at work to grow our brand franchise and solidify a larger consumer share. You’ll see us doing that. You’ll see a mix of marketing activities from social networking base to more conventional media to certainly in-store presence and a variety of things like that.
Angel Martinez: (inaudible) time is still coming together as you know, and we will be able to talk more about that in the February call. Lastly, sounds like Teva, lot of gains being made there; it sounds very promising. Can you remind us just how big you think that business could ultimately be just based on what your expectation is right now and when you could hope to achieve your long-term goals or near long-term goals with that brand? Thanks
Angel Martinez: Sure. It is not unreasonable to see the Teva brand doubling size over the next few years, particularly with the momentum that we’re gaining outside the United States. The brand is actually very famous and authentic in Asia especially in China. We are really just scratching the surface of what we could do in China. Without getting too far out on the horizon, if you look at a Teva brand of $100 million, could you see a $200 million Teva brand in the next three or four years, it is very, very reasonable, it is very durable and now that the product line comes together as a year round brand, male and female and kids that makes that potential much more realistic and everybody’s pretty excited about that.
Angel Martinez: Chris, the main impact for the increase of the cost towards the upper end of the five to the ten is really from the commodity which is really the sheepskin for us. As you said, we have moved the operation from southern China to northern China to Vietnam. You do get some benefits but the driving force was really the commodity cost. Vietnam, even the pricing is a little but lower than China. What you do get is the productivity is lower. You are not getting a significant benefit but what you are getting is your holding increases because of the pricing crisis in China. Also you are getting a stable labor force where the challenge in southern China has been the labor force with the migrant type of lever force. In Vietnam, the people live around the factories.
Angel Martinez: It is obviously difficult to talk about the spring at this point. Put it this way, we are not disappointed. We feel that the brand memorandum continues across all channels for distribution and there has been a lot of excitement as we have seen it for the new line. A lot of excitement, I am sure, will also merge for the follow line that will begin queue line in the next three to four weeks.
Angel Martinez: One of the things we’re seeing is that e-commerce were they may have started out of the selling vehicle, if you will. In other words, brands almost by default found themselves developing an e-commerce platform just to do complete a transaction perhaps enhance some customer service that consumer is going to make it easier to get to that. We think now that e-commerce is an intrinsic part of the brand experience. We feel that e-commerce is by some consumers the way they educate themselves about products and then they of to a retail environment or in many ways e-commerce completes a relationship with consumers. They feel that they are being invited in to the brand itself and are able to have a special relationship with the brand.  E-commerce is evolving as a very core component of the marketing strategy. Social networking is another core component of the marketing strategy. When all of it is looked at you cannot separate what is happening at retail environment with a shop-and-shop environment with an e-commerce, the social network environment and the media environment. Our platform what we are developing is going to allow that kind of flexibility, that kind of technical capability to allow a consistent message and a timely message almost a real time message for consumers who value the brand and want to be a part of the brand experience. Obviously, that is not easy but that’s the future. Certainly, the future of marketing and certainly the future of brand developing.
Angel Martinez: Yes, we’re looking at all of those things. Right now, if you look at the fan base. UGG has 440,000 Facebook fans, which is a crazy number with especially when you consider that we really have not done much to enhance that list building capacity or fan building capacity. We have so many fans coming to the brand just out of enthusiasm. What we do with those fans and how we react with them, that’s what is emerging. I wish I could be more specific than that. Those plans of developing and we’re doing quite a bit of research right now and we have employed very capable outside resources to help us refine this strategy. By the way, it’s a moving target. It is something at the emerging as we speak with new platforms like the iPad, with the new technologies that allow from a barcode scanning and instant messaging on your iPhone, on and on. It is something you must get plugged in to and stay on top of and that’s what we are doing.
Angel Martinez: In august n September generally speaking especially when you have heat waves in various parts of the country, our business obviously kicks off when the weather cools off in terms of classics. Every year around this time we hear lots of comments about the classic business slowing down and every year round this time about a week or two from now you have a little cold snap and suddenly there is a rush to retail for the product. We feel that and what we have seen, seen strong evidence of this, that HUG has created a category and the category is led by our sheep skin foot wear in one form or other as seen in every brand from Prada and Gucci, all the way through the line is here to say. It’s such a comfort component of foot wear. We feel that we interpret this idea better than any one. We intent to continue the love affair that consumers have with the brand as the authentic and mostly legitimate brand out there. That said the market any market will always grow, mature, develop and evolve. We have to stay ahead of it with innovation, with technology, with great design and that’s where we’re making investments into. We have been doing that since I came here and before. It is just an ongoing part of trying to lead a market and every year the challenge is to be our own best competitor.
Angel Martinez: Yes. We do. We feel that certainly with our retail distribution and the quality stores we work very closer with them to keep developing UGG brand in those stores. You can see the penetration of spread and assortment. We plan very aggressively the increases in the classic business, we have every year and what’s happening what you are seeing is classic is not very narrowly defined by us any more. The classic category is a fairly large category is a fairly large category includes a lot of difference types of products. When you talk to your retailer about how is classic doing, it is their defining classic as chestnut sand and black Classic Short and not including in the definition of classic all the other products that are emerging from we’ve done the Cardy boots and variety of other things I mean those are all classic and those have been accelerating very nicely.
Angel Martinez: Yes, we would not call those classic. That is more new product. That’s some of the diversified product line that you’re now seeing, which you mentioned it and that is growing significantly and it is dimensionalizing the brand at retail, it’s very exciting to see that happen. The consumer is seeing much more than what they originally came in to the brand experience and that is a good thing for everyone.
Angel Martinez: As far as our distribution, there are still segments of the country sections of the country where we can develop a brand further in south east primarily just open a store in Miami which is doing quite well in first two weeks of operation. The market has continued to evolve, as I mentioned, from original chestnut sand black and classic tall and short and ultra and in some markets now to the very diverse product assortment. We feel that we have a broad enough diversity of quality retailer that can take the brand through growth by category, in other words, category growth of brand in women’s, men’s and kids for the very near term. Beyond the current core of customers, we see obviously opportunity with our e-commerce platform, we see opportunity with expansion of doors by our current customers and also for example opening more doors key independents who may open doors and of course our own store retail operations. We also feel it’s very important for retailers to be profitable with our brand. They have been and will continue to be because We are very careful in how we manage our distribution and we intend to continue that.
Angel Martinez: Well, marketing is one of those things that it has to keep revolving; you have to talk to the consumer in a language they understand in each market. When I say the language, I mean the marketing language. The platform we have been using which have been more traditional, the more traditional lifestyle and fashion orientation. We’ve been building the brand through very important fashion magazines, we’ve used outdoor signage, billboards etcetera in key cities, we’ve used retail presence and what we call VSM which is the in-store presentation. We will augment all of that stuff. We have just talked about social network, social networking as a vehicle. That has been a ramp up. You will see the brands showing up in what I would consider more opportunistic environments like events that may be happening in key cities. We’ve done some things around that world that have been very exciting over the years. We will continue to do those in key markets around the world. When you have a retail platform that allows you to bring consumers into a location that creates buzz and opportunity for your PR efforts. It is really a total mix of marketing. Our job is to figure out what the return on investment is with each of these categories of spending and marketing and drive obviously more money for those things that have proven to work. The good news is that you now have the capability to measure that our way, whereas in the past, as the old adage, on in 50% of advertising work, but just do not know which 50%. Here in this case we have gotten an opportunity to be much more precise with how we are spending our money.
Angel Martinez: Well, what’s great about the sneaker business, well, I am using that term loosely, because in a sense these are casual shoes that are designed to look like sneaker. You’re not going to go out and play any sports in them. The opportunity of color is fantastic. When you start developing sneakers, you can mix and match materials and fabrications in ways that you traditionally do not do and more contemporary, classic styles of casual shoes. It obviously appeals to younger consumer. It allows you to freshen up the brand presentation with a lot of color and materials differentiation by channel of distribution because obviously some of your retailers might have an older consumer, might have, some might have a younger. It offers a lot of opportunity to keep that consumer, that consumer excited about coming in to retail. It is just fun, it is fun product, fun to wear and fun to buy.
Angel Martinez: I have a very good idea of how meaningfully contributory sneakers can be, having participated in that world for a long time. Yes, this is a big opportunity for us. We are trying to look at it with a different eye. It is, it is, you kind of ask yourself the what if question, if I wear a sneaker, what kind of sneaker would it be. We have been asking ourselves and we keep coming up with surprising answers that consumer keep validating. We’ll keep doing that exercise.
Angel Martinez: My enthusiasm is always really taken from the retailers enthusiasm and my measure of success for an upstart brand is how willing are retailers to give you more real estate broad and spread and assortment, may be push something off the shelves and replace with one of your items from a small brand. That is a very difficult to do today. I mean if I could snap my fingers and say, we’ll we just, we are just going to use the power we have in the market to force product into the distribution. We do not operate that way. We feel every brand has to stand on its own merits and excite the consumer. Retailers seemed to be agreeing that these brands are gaining momentum. There is some great styles and great designs, great price points and we are gaining markets share, we are gaining shelf space. That is where my enthusiasm comes from and it’s coming from when I am seeing all over the world. It is not just the US, of course these are still small brands, but we really do have to start somewhere. We had a lot of fixing to do across the board with these brands and to get them properly defined and envision and really build that brand platform for growth. We are getting there very quickly. I’m looking forward to significant things in the next few years in the smaller brands.
Angel Martinez: You are asking me which of my kids is the best looking. It’s really a tough question to answer. I do not think I can answer. I’m not going to get myself in huge trouble. It just, part of it depends on how you want to define. Like for example if you take the Simple brand and the product that made Simple famous for so many years a shoe called the old school and the woman’s shoe called the sugar. Those items were in a sense of backburner for a few years and now they are being brought back to the front. What we are finding out is retailers love those items. Those are great items. They just wanted more color, more excitement, more assortment, more freshness. When we are showing Simple in the more, what I would say the back to basic Simple that we have been talking about with retailers in the last few months, there is a heck of a lot of excitement about that and guess what that is a very big category of product, so, and was a very big pipeline to fill. Vans sells a lot of shoes, Converse sells a lot of shoes. I would not mind being the number three brand in vulcanized canvas products of Vans and Converse. That is a big opportunity. Maybe Simple could be of all of them, but when it gets to the bigger number quicker because it has got a bigger pipeline opportunity. That said Tsubo is a brand almost at the other end of the spectrum which is very exciting from a design point of view, the leadership brand and design. It breaks a lot of moulds if you will in terms of what is contemporary and how do you find that intersection of style and comfort. We do not expect that brand has a giant pipeline to fill, but if we could be with Tsubo in every key footwear boutique that we need to being in the US and the rest of the world. That is actually a pretty significant objective and a very important thing to do. It is kind of a different brand for a different purpose, you know what I mean
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean if it’s 85 degrees on January 15 in New York City that could be a problem. In the end, obviously the weather is pretty cyclical. If you look at California as an example, middle of winter here in Southern California it’s about 70 degrees, and 65 on a cold day and we saw a lot of in that environment. Is there a chill in the morning, is there a chill in the evening, it’s weather. It is about a time of the year as much as it is the actual temperature outside now is functionally staying warm? Sure. That is very important and when the weather gets cold, the UGG product does not come off the feet at all. I mean, so, it is almost like at the time of year that has emerged for UGG as much as it is they are an actual temperature. Every year there are different cycles. A few years ago it was pretty warm all the way through October, all the way through the beginning of November and then what happens is that we got pretty crunch for demand and the weather just got a little colder; it did not get really cold. It just depends. It is a brand that consumers have a love affair with for a whole lot of reasons; cold weather is just one of the reasons.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you very much for all of your questions and for participating on this call. Clearly it has been an excellent quarter. We anticipate that we continue on our trend. We are very much looking forward to the February call where we can give you more detail on what we are planning. It is important for us to really thank our entire team around the world, specifically our newly emerging team in Japan, our new emerging team in the UK, in Benelux as well as all of our retailers around the world. We really appreciate your support and look forward of being able to continue to develop your the businesses together. Thank you.
