Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. So we're close to completing our fall pre-book, and orders have come in as expected, which is down compared to 2012. We saw a good response to our new transitional product highlighted by driving mocks, slippers and ballerinas, as well as specialty classics, slippers, casual boots and fashion boots. Retailers remain cautious on fall-winter deliveries, following back-to-back mild winters. We've seen this in our more weather-sensitive collections, namely cold-weather specific products. On a positive note, the cold first quarter helped further clear carryover inventory in the channel, improving the opportunities for reorders in Q4, should we experience a more normalized winter. Now before moving to questions, we want to expand on our discussion about Pure. As we discussed in our last earnings call, our innovation team has delivered on a challenge that's been underway for some time, namely, to develop additional materials that would allow us to deliver the comfort for which the UGG brand is known, while helping to mitigate the unpredictability of material costs. The material is called UGG Pure, which is a wool pile textile, created by crafting wool fibers and weaving them into a durable backing that allows us to deliver a plush and consistent sensory experience. We're introducing UGG Pure into the footbeds and linings of some of our products beginning in April in our own concept stores, and in late May, in our wholesale channels. With UGG Pure, we believe that we'll be able to lower our product cost and pursue profitable new growth opportunities, some of which were previously not economically viable. As I said on the last call, UGG Pure gives us another important key to further unlock the lifestyle nature of the UGG brand well beyond footwear. While we're excited about the flexibility we believe UGG Pure can potentially provide, I think it's important to keep this development in context. We will expand UGG Pure into other products in our line over time. As a reminder, our classic collection is currently constructed using mostly premium twin-faced sheepskin, not tailor-grade sheepskin. So while UGG Pure will offer some near-term cost savings, we'll still be heavily dependent on sheepskin for the near term. We'll be able to update you on our expected sheepskin cost basis for fiscal year '14 when we report third quarter results in October. So thank you for your continued interest in Deckers, and we'll now be happy to take your questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, fundamentally, nothing has changed. We're getting better at refining our supply chain. Everyone is now growing more familiar and more comfortable with the processes involved in producing the material. We have said from the beginning that it would be infused into the product line slowly. Now some of these transitional product that you're going to see in stores beginning in this -- this April was a good opportunity for it to be introduced in the footbeds and some lining materials. So that's what we're doing. So no real change from what we originally said. You'll still see it at wholesale as we had planned in May and June.
Angel R. Martinez: I don't think anything has come as a surprise. I think people have just been generally speaking cautious. I think that they have been a couple of things. It's not just a warm winter that's the impact of all the eCommerce that's going on across all channels, across really all consumer industries. So we're seeing that across the board. That's why a couple of years ago, we really started to diversify our classic assortments, so it was not so monolithic, if you will. Some of the updated classics, some of the new classic derivative product that we've done has added a lot of new interest. It allows us to do more marketing driven around product that's only available for a short amount of time as we did last holiday season. So no, I'd say generally, there's no surprise. People -- the cautiousness is pretty consistent. Interestingly, I think you'll see as a result of the cooler weather this spring, it should -- people may look at their order book and realize that perhaps if we start to trend toward a more normalized winter that they may be a little short on even-core classic product and core colors, but it's too early to tell that. We'll find that out as the season progresses.
Angel R. Martinez: We've had tremendous positive response to Pure. I think in the end, the consumer is really being offered a product that's improved and better. So it actually enhances the UGG experience at retail. So the retail as we've had in and showed them the material. And, a, they blind test, they say, "Well, I like this one. It feels better to me." And they find it's UGG Pure. So in many cases that we've shown it to people, that's been the response.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Bob, that -- I even commented that on the script. A significant amount of that already has orders. And we also -- that inventory also supports our direct-to-consumer business as well. So we feel like we've made good progress in getting the inventory levels more in line and feel really comfortable looking at that inventory and the quality of that inventory on a very detailed basis relative to what we've pre-booked.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we do. We feel that we're in a good situation there. One of the things that helped us even get more and more comfortable is that with that colder winter that we experienced the first quarter of the strong sell-through we saw at the classic products in the first quarter with our major customers, that even reinforced further that we feel really good we're at from a pricing point of view.
Angel R. Martinez: And as far as your other -- the other part of your question, we're very excited about opportunities in Asia with our brand. One of the things that we've learned is to be much better merchants. So the merchandising of products of Dave Powers and his team has brought forward is going to make significant impact, already has been making an impact. UGG Pure is going to allow us to evolve and develop product that is a little bit more attainable for a broader percentage of the population in China. Because right now, we're really looking at products that's only available to the top 2% or 3% of the population from a price point of view. It's leaving too big a gap below us that knockoff brands are exploiting. So this is going to be an opportunity for us to really exploit that opportunity, that potential in our brand, and we're pretty excited about that.
Angel R. Martinez: I think we're seeing a slide more toward Q4. I think we're seeing people are willing to roll the dice on inventory availability in Q3 if they haven't stepped up and ordered as aggressively as they had in the past. If the winter season kicks off aggressively, they'll be chasing inventory. And we'll be fulfilling a lot of orders on our eCommerce and our own stores. So we're just seeing a shift now with retailers wanting to be much closer to market, which is a little ironic because it wasn't that long ago that you'd see a fall product in full bloom in July. Lots of merchandise. I think you're going to see that big shift away from that at retail.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we do have some transitional products shipping this year, and we've really began that last year. It's really about the weight of the material, the components of the material that make it more winter-appropriate versus fall-appropriate. Driving mocs are important as a transitional product. The ballerinas are important as a transitional product. Sandals, still obviously, important in the first half of Q2. So we've got more diversity of product, more colors, more materials. Wedges are important. All of that stuff is something we're been building, and it's been well received and selling through quite well. So we'll be doing more of that.
Angel R. Martinez: I think anywhere we've had cold weather this spring, which is Europe, U.K. particularly, the U.S. and Asia as well. Japan had cold weather in the first part of spring. So in all of those markets where we had carryover product from Q4, that will have a positive impact. I mean, certainly, it was inventory that a lot of retailers already own, but it bodes well for what we have in terms of their needs for Q4. So they're much less concerned about that aspect of their UGG business, given what happened with the weather in the first quarter in those key regions.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, what we think we've done around classic, I think, are very exciting. And classic is almost -- you sort of have to think of it as a design theme versus specific product assortment. It is a classic-inspired product. So it's really kind of takes what people love so much about classic, and evolves it with material upgrades, and colorways and treatments. The whole variety of things that make it very unique and unusual compared to what people have seen in the past. So that's pretty important. The casual boots are very important. There's a lot of excitement about that. We've got good price points on those products. I think we've done a good job with the right style and assortment. Our men's product for fall is quite strong, especially the boots. So it's -- and by the way in the fall, we've sold a lot of sneakers. I mean, the beginning of the fall, that's been -- continues to be pretty strong. So it's a much more diversified product line. Now, given the last 2 years of mild weather, we really haven't been doing a lot of aggressive development of more cold weather product, what we'd call cold weather product, because obviously there, you got a one-shot deal there. And our core styles in cold weather have performed well. It's just that there hasn't been enough cold weather to go around. So we've just evolved those appropriately but haven't evolved the amount of SKUs in those assortments.
Angel R. Martinez: Sam, we feel good where the prebook came in and it is down, really, in line with our expectations, and it gives us a lot of comfort in terms of how we're guiding for the back half of the year.
Angel R. Martinez: Good question. A year ago, what eventually happened in the back half of the year, especially the fourth quarter, we did experience some significant cancellations. And we also commented on the call, we've seen that the inventory in the channel is a lot cleaner. And all that being said, this early in the year before the key selling season, we still think it's prudent to maintain a similar percentage level of cancellations to last year in our guidance.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think one thing to point out on inventory is, there's been a lot of moving dynamics. The business is changing. A lot more direct to consumer business that needs to support. There's more transitional products, more stores. There's higher sheepskin cost. The factories are after us to take more product earlier. That said, at the second quarter, we still expect the inventory to be down compared to the prior year and flattish to that year-end $300 million number.
Angel R. Martinez: As we've said, we're -- because of the evolution of the supply chain, we're going to be introducing it in footbeds and some lining materials in 2013. We have sheepskin lining material that we own from prior years. So I wouldn't expect it to be much more than 10% of what we're using. It will formally be a conventional lining material. Over time, I would say that our near-term goal is 25% of the lining material to be replaced by UGG Pure, I mean 25% of our sheepskin used to be replaced by UGG Pure, which would represent about most of the lining material that we're using.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, first of all, over time, yes. The new product, where we have an opportunity to utilize more UGG Pure in the design of the product and what it delivers to the consumer, you'll see a higher percentage of the new product in the UGG Pure material. As I said before, it is superior. And so that's important to understand. Classic will remain, for the near-term, prime twin face. It's still, I think, a little bit early to sort of discuss what the ultimate impact is on margin, but we're going to be driving as aggressively as we feel appropriate to use UGG Pure as an essential part of what makes UGG feel like UGG, feel like nothing else. And that in and of itself, the consumer is going to vote. The consumer is going to vote. Do they like it better? As we think they do, they will. They'll demand more of this feeling and more consistency of product and it's going to give us opportunity to introduce new product at better margin and even at lower introductory price points, so that we can go get back some of that core customer that we lost due to price increases over the last few years on the raw material.
Angel R. Martinez: I think, theoretically, that you could see that happening. Yes, I think so. But we're always going to be in the market for a prime twin face. It's important, we feel that there are some products that consumers just want them the way they are, and we're not going to go changing them. But this is really about product evolution and the new opportunities it creates. And as we evolve some of the new categories that we haven't been in, such as home products and apparel, et cetera, you'll see more use of this material. And over time, it should have a positive impact on price of the conventional table grade material for sure.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Eric. I mean, and some of that, the things we talked about, improved productivity and what's going to drive that, some better merchandising, better flow of product and some more marketing, getting the consumer more and more aware of the value of a real UGG versus a down market product, and some changes from a store management point of view and sort of a more senior retail management point of view in China. And I think those are going to really -- they'll just give us more and more comfort in the continued learnings we have there, that we're going to be able to turn that around and continue to gain some improvement. We did mention, we've been seeing some steady improvements on our retail store operations in China. And we're still just scratching the surface of the total opportunity there. When you look at second, third tier cities, you look at outlet concept opportunities. That is still a great opportunity. In terms of productivity, they are smaller stores. They still generate 1 year kind of paybacks, which has very strong returns on invested capital, but they are smaller stores compared to some of the U.S. and European stores.
Angel R. Martinez: I think you'll see us remain pretty consistent with where we are today. Actually perhaps even slightly down in terms of our distribution. Outside the U.S., obviously, China is a retail-only market, so you'll see us be able to talk to more consumers. As I said earlier, 2% to 3% of consumers in China have access to the UGG brand because of the price points. So it'd be great to get another 3% or 4% of the population able to buy UGG. So that's important. The other thing about China is that there is much known about 170 cities, a population over 1 million people, and we haven't even begun to penetrate those markets. So there's opportunity there. I think what we are really looking at is the revolution going on called Omni-channel, which really begins to create a different mindset, if you will, for our consumers. They want to access brands, how they want, when they want. And many of them either do their initial shopping online and go buy in a store or they just only buy online. Yes, in footwear, we're all very fortunate that -- it's an experiential kind of purchase. So you got to go try something on, which brings people out in the stores, is very important. But the impact of Omni-channel over the next few years is going to continue to be a factor in distribution decisions. So my guess is that when the customer realizes they can buy a product online 24/7, a product they know and are comfortable with and they prefer to shop that way, it probably means you don't need that many more points of physical distribution than you currently have. So that's just sort of my theory. And I think so far, it's been validated by what we're seeing.
Angel R. Martinez: I think the latter is true. I think what people are doing is just feeling, breathing a little easier with the amount of inventory they have on hand. Rolling the dice and saying, you know, if I need inventory, more inventory than I have planned, I'm just going to -- I'm going to hope UGG has it and I'm going to hope to get that from UGG when I need it. That may or may not be true. And if we see a cold snap early, that may not be the case and they may be chasing inventory. So I think it's this cautiousness, yes, it's weather-dependent to a large extent, but it's also, as I mentioned, it's dependent on Omni-channel. I think people are just very cautious as to what's happening with all this stuff. How much inventory do we really need? And they're saying to themselves, do we have to carry all this inventory? Can't the brands carry this inventory for us? And obviously, that's not my preference. We're not a warehouse for people. So our priorities will be to service those customers that step up in the pre-book, certainly, service our own stores and our own eCommerce business. And if there's any product left over, we can ship it to other people.
Angel R. Martinez: I think that's a fair assessment. I mean I'm comfortable being conservative when it comes to the weather. No one has a very good crystal ball on this stuff yet. We don't know if there's a pattern. No one does.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, it's-- I don't know that I would use the word reposition. I think what we've really done is a couple of things. Number one, we cleaned up the distribution, which allowed us to more effectively control the assortment and the mix that's available at retail. We broadened the product assortment, so that with the distribution partners that we have now, we're able to make a much better statement of what the brand is and what it is on a year-round basis, what it is for men and women and kids. So I think we were pretty one-dimensional before. It was pretty much driven by classic a couple of years ago, and I think we've been making wonderful progress along these other dimensions. So it's created for the consumer a much better understanding of what UGG is and a much more -- a sense of the appropriateness of the brand for a much broader, much bigger part of the year. So I really think that, that's been the fundamental strategy, and it's working quite well.
Angel R. Martinez: We really don't see a significant cannibalization risk. We feel that the product that we're currently selling, what people know as UGG classic and what people know as extension to the classic line and those price points, that is all very stable, very solid. The new product that we're talking about allows us to compete where we got pushed out of those segments of the market. In some cases, we really were never effectively able to go into the market with any consistency because of the last few years, the increase of the sheepskin pricing. Young consumers and I'm talking about teen consumers, for who $200 is a lot of money. Just a few years ago, classic was available at $120. So really what this does, it allows us to gain traction, once again, in that target core customer that just had to move past UGG and move to maybe a knockoff brand or just out of the category or put off the purchase for a year or 2, just because the product got pretty expensive. The other thing I'd add is there's a lot of consumers out there. We call them prospect consumers. It represents about 23% or 24% of consumers who, among the reasons they didn't purchase UGG was, it was just a little bit -- it was just too expensive. So our goal is to bring new consumers into the mix with new categories, new products, to really broaden the opportunity for the brand.
Angel R. Martinez: The differences are pretty significant because they are -- we're able to engineer the product to precisely the spec we want. So to give you an example, at the current level of classic product, we're known for the density of the material. The wool inside is quite dense. It lasts a long time. It's very thick and plush. And that will continue. One of the problems with making product that is thinner in the sense that it's a lighter way for, say, warmer weather, is that when you shave the wool down, it loses its durability. It compacts over time, and this new technology allows us to engineer density and not have to have the thickness, which allows us to make -- diversify the number of styles we can make. We can make styles that are closer to the foot. We can also engineer different densities of material for different seasons, different weights, et cetera. So all of this was a very big limitation when you're just dealing with conventional sheepskin, which comes only one way, and you're very limited in what you can do to create differentiation. So we're going to be able to, now, differentiate the product line much more completely than we ever had in the past.
Angel R. Martinez: We have tested it extensively with consumers. And as I said, it is preferred, actually, and when it's a blind test, we think that the consistency of the material -- by the way, twin face sheepskin is not a very consistent material. It actually -- there's a tremendous amount of variation from both regions of the world where the hive come from and the seasons in which -- the winter that the animal has lived through. So that's been an issue and it's a natural product. So it's created a lot of this type of a challenge for our product development teams, and I think we may be able, now, to overcome a lot of that.
Angel R. Martinez: We're moving as aggressively as we can. Again, we're building a supply chain around this material from scratch. I don't want to overstress the supply chain and create serious problems on our end. So we're going to be -- we're moving very aggressively. I would say 2 to 3 years would be a reasonable window in which to expect that 25% number. But if we can move faster, we will.
Angel R. Martinez: That's an ongoing conversation. It's a season-to-season conversation. We're pretty happy with our stable of retailers, I'd say. The vast majority value of the UGG brand for them, it's sort of an irreplaceable part of their revenue and profit picture on a year-round basis. So it's a very, very important brand for them. We don't see that many violators out there of our [indiscernible] policy. And when we do, we take appropriate action. Retailers have been very cooperative in offering the spread and assortment of product that we've asked them to, given that, in fact, some retailers just don't have the room, they don't have the type of store that is appropriate for all of our -- we understand that. So we're very flexible in working with people. And I'd say that, so far, the response has been extremely positive. Yet, there are still fringe players out there who are opportunistic and just want to use the brand as a loss leader or in some cases as a way of messing up a market, I suppose. Some people will constantly try to get the brand so that they can just claim they have UGG and they will not be undersold and violate everyone's -- sort of the integrity of our distribution. We're a lot more aggressive, and we come down on that behavior quite hard. So we'll continue to do that. It's an ongoing management year-round and it's also the distribution management globally now as well. It's not just the U.S., it's all over the world.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call, and I think we have made significant progress in this year. We'll continue to drive the opportunities that we feel we have for this company across all of our brands, and we look forward to the next call.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we experienced no price resistance with core product in the first quarter. We really feel that -- and just sort of validates what we've been saying about the brand. The brand has tremendous power in the consumer environment. And normalized winter creates significant demand increases as we have seen just in the example of this colder spring.
Thomas A. George: Yes. We were pleased with how the comps performed during the first quarter. I mean, we talked about there's still some challenges in China. I think we've made great progress in identifying what we need to do there in China from a store operation point of view, and in inventory management within the stores. In addition to -- from a merchandising and marketing point of view on the stores, we experienced good traffic increases in the stores during the first quarter. But one thing to keep in mind on the comps is there's still -- we're still relatively new to retail and the comp base is still relatively small in the scheme of things. So it is subject to some volatility, especially in the regions that have a smaller number of stores, and that being Japan. So I think net-net, because it is still very early, and really the results for the year are really fourth quarter driven and they're very direct-to-consumer oriented kind of results, we're still assuming some caution in the comps. And until we get to the fourth quarter and still then, we're even looking at trying to be cautious at this early stage of the game.
Thomas A. George: Right. I mean, second quarter is sort of the most insignificant quarter, really. It's -- most of the spring product is really sold into the first quarter, so that remains. The second quarter is some closeouts are involved in the second quarter. And retail is very low in the second quarter as well. So we -- that I have given you a little bit more flavor not only with Teva and Sanuk, but Teva and Sanuk are sort of flattish at best that the UGG domestic wholesale is planned to be a little bit down from a comp perspective. Any gains from a channel perspective, we expect comps to be sort of flattish, maybe slightly up. We have seen some improved productivity on the new stores. But the declines I described in the wholesale and the distribution channel, that's going to put some pressure. So net-net-net, it all boils down to sort of flattish, a flattish quarter from a top line point of view, and so that's that.
Thomas A. George: Yes, that's right. I mean, there's a lot of different dynamics gone. More retail stores, and we also talked about there's more and more of a shift with our major wholesalers to order more product for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. I think and another dynamic there is we are moving to try to get more of our retail stores opened in the third quarter, not have them all piled into the fourth quarter. So -- and given the third quarter is not that strong of a retail quarter, you get some more SG&A that you need to absorb in the third quarter. And I think one other thing, pretty important thing, is from a margin perspective, there's really no benefit we're seeing in the third quarter relative to the sheepskin and the Pure savings we're going to experience this year. That's really a fourth quarter phenomenon. So that puts -- that really skews the back-half earnings numbers.
Thomas A. George: I think the best way we can comment on that right now is just refer to the current authorization. We do have $79 million remaining on that authorization, and we will look to continue to be opportunistic. And you're right, the company, the business model does generate a significant amount of free cash flow. And that being said, we've got a significant amount of opportunities that we want to reinvest in the business. So can't comment on any -- well, that's all about I can comment on, relative to share repurchases.
Thomas A. George: Yes, they do. I think that's a good way to look at it. I mean, we have really no change to the outlook in the back half of the year for the UGG brand.
Thomas A. George: I think that -- what I'd like to comment on there is, I think, by the third quarter, it's a big quarter, we're going to need the inventory to support that and I think I'd like to push it to the fourth quarter. I think we're comfortable that by the end of the year, we expect the inventory levels to be down relative to where they were a year ago. So at the end of December 2013, that inventory you'll be looking at will be down relative to what the inventory was at the end of December 2012.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think another thing to point out, Chris, is, last year, not only do we have a fair amount of cancellations in the third quarter, we had a fair amount in the fourth quarter too, when the weather got sort of inconsistent. So let's keep that in mind from your thinking perspective. And if everything else being equal, we have less cancellations and we've assumed in our guidance, everything else being equal, that we should have some upside in our wholesale number.
