Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. Dana, so we think the strategic decisions we made, which include the allocation, which include segmentation, we also included some retail store closures. We think that's worth about $50 million of revenue. So, by putting that strategic decision in place, so segmentation allocation and reduced retail stores, we think we've given up kind of $50 million of revenue in the current year.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah, I think also, Camilo, as you look at the revenue numbers, so you'll see with the range that we guided revenue of $805 million to $825 million, which is above last year's $810 million, that's where – kind of underlying to that, we've got to decrease low single-digits in UGG with the strategic decisions that we were kind of just talking about. So that is actually – we're assuming slightly lower year-on-year UGG revenue. And then that's getting offset with increases in HOKA and Koolaburra. So that's kind of how you get to that range with a little bit of that UGG pull forward into Q3.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. And then, the DTC comp within that is at this point low single-digits, again, contemplating the increased demand we had last year due to the weather in the last few weeks of the quarter.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. So I think – maybe if we kind of take a step back in terms of what happened in Q2 and how we're flowing that through that, I think that kind of helps set up how we're looking at the year. So, with the strong beat, which was largely driven by gross profit dollars, which a little less than half of that was the airfreight, and that was just kind of strategic planning that helped really drive that improvement. So, not always to say that we can achieve that same level, but we flowed that through in terms of gross profit lift. On the full year, so the 49% moving to 50%, that's basically the flow-through of the $20 million that we're seeing in gross profit. What we're then doing is taking a portion of that to reinvest in marketing. So that's what you're seeing kind of the lift in the SG&A in the back half, which is the 30% we've guided to.
Steven J. Fasching: Right. So, the SG&A savings that you're seeing in Q2 is largely timing, and that's moving to back half.
Steven J. Fasching: And I think, the other thing is, as we look at that strategic reinvestment, it's in variable expenses. So everything we've talked about, the shift of moving fixed expense to variable, is playing out and it's playing out kind of ahead of schedule. So we have levers in place to protect the profitability of the business. So that's what gives us comfort around that 13% this year.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. I think from my standpoint as I look at, we've got most of it now kind of under our belt. So, there is not too much more. You're not going to see a similar cadence of improvement on the gross profit. Kind of when we laid out our plan, we said that the gross profit improvement was largely going to be what comes first. Kind of from an upside where it would come from would be depending on the promotional environment. So, this year, we've assumed a higher level of promotion this year versus last year. If that plays out where we are less promotional, there's probably a little bit of upside on the gross profit. But in terms of the work around the plan that we have in place in terms of material optimization moving production outside of China, a lot of that heavy lifting. And then this quarter benefiting probably a little more than we will usually from airfreight is really what's driving that improvement in the quarter that we're able to flow through to the full year then.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah, we pulled that lever this quarter. I mean, the air was a big piece and, again, not to say that we can do that every quarter. It was again, to your point, much better planning on our part to be able to flow product in and get it out, but you'll always have to airfreight some product in.
Steven J. Fasching: More flattish in Q3 so not so much upside because of the favorability that we experienced last year. So that would give a little more room on Q4.
Steven J. Fasching: Yes. So that's more of a Q4 event. Because as Dave said, that's more around strategic initiatives to drive long-term health so we're not necessarily seeing that driving kind of near-term sales.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. I think we're pleased with the progress we've made obviously in the first half of this year ahead of expectations and trending well. When you lay that into a full year mix of business, it's not as significant, but we do think there is continued upside in Q1 and Q2 going forward with the success of HOKA spring and summer product. We're shooting to get to that mid-single-digit growth rate starting in FY 2020. We're not putting any of that out there yet. But that's where our sights are set. That's where we're making some of the reinvestments here now into the business. And so, I'd say, you can start to see that in the early days of 2021.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. And I think, again, just to be clear on that, our expectation on weather is more conservative than what we saw last year. So we're not expecting a repeat of last year.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. I guess – yeah, it will be probably about $30-ish-million of less reorders, a little more conservative stance in terms of retail and e-commerce with combination of fewer retail stores.
Steven J. Fasching: Yes, good question. Since we've been on this path, we've spent a lot of time with the retail teams optimizing profitability at a store level across the fleet. And I'm pleased to say they've made great progress on that front. On the original target of $125 million we put out there a little over 18 months ago was a target to kind of wind down to. As we're getting further along in the process and of the cost savings initiatives, we're finding that there is some improvement in some of these stores. And we're basically looking at store level evaluating them if they can get above the internal threshold for four wall profitability, which we've set at about 20%. We're going to put those on the re-evaluation list versus closure list. So, we continue to drive improvements into the fleet. We're continuing to evaluate to see what we think from a long-term perspective some of these growth drivers in men's and spring and summer can do to the profitability of the stores. But suffice to say, we will be closing more stores than we'll be opening over the next foreseeable future.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. It's great to see as we continue to develop that market. And Asia-Pacific, the region was a good performer for us in the quarter. So we're continuing to see growth in those areas.
Steven J. Fasching: Yeah. And then, just on the tariffs, Erinn. So, right now, anything that's been imposed, we have not been impacted by. And then just to give you a rough idea of where we're at, by the end of this calendar year, about 20% of the product from the product that we have will come out of China. And we expect to continue to reduce that going forward. So, we feel good about kind of our current level of exposure, and it's improving.
Steven J. Fasching: Yes. I think as we look at it and I'll kind of answer your question in context of Q2, we feel we've made some pretty significant improvement in Q2. So, inventory down 7% year-over-year. When you lay that into the context of the brand with the growth of HOKA and Koolaburra, we've got inventory increasing their. So the improvement within the UGG brand is even more impressive than the 7%. So we think we've made good progress with inventory. I wouldn't factor this same level of improvements kind of in the next two quarters. It's something we were going to continue to work on. But with a big inventory being brought in and movement in this quarter and next quarter, we're pretty pleased with this result. I wouldn't kind of extrapolate these result yet on to the next two quarters. Yeah.
David Powers: And I would also add on to that, you've got to remember, there's less points of distribution in the marketplace than there has been in the past, and we have some pretty key new strategic accounts in the Sports Lifestyle and UGG sector that are emerging for us as well.
David Powers: I think – right now, I think they're mostly incremental to our top five or 10 wholesale retail accounts. It's the younger consumer that we're targeting. We're getting new distinct products specific for those channels into the marketplace. As you heard from the call, the commentary styles like the Fluff Yeah and the Neutra Sneaker are resonating well. There are a little bit more accessible price points but still have the UGG DNA. So, I think, over time they can be meaningful, whether some of those are top 10 are not remains to be seen. But I do think that they're mostly incremental to our core distribution today.
David Powers: Yeah. One of the things that we've been working on for a little while, Camilo, is setting up – we used to be called the resort collection drop in the last couple of weeks of December. Traditionally there'll be kind of a drop between holiday and then spring. And we've been working closely with our key accounts and also DTC to develop products that we think can sell in that last two to three weeks of Christmas heading into the New Year. So, some of that shift is accounts thing, yes, they want to sign up for some of that additional sales. We're also fast-tracking opportunity based off early success of the Fluff Yeah, and that's business that we're chasing into Q3. So that's really the main driver. It's not hugely significant to the total quarter, but it is a good indication that there is additional opportunity there.
David Powers: So, again, just to kind of talk about that, what we said is, we're taking a more conservative approach this year given the impact that weather had last year both on kind of a promotional cadence as well as revenue. So, as we talked about last year, we thought the weather contributed about $30 million of wholesale additional reorders and about $10 million in DTC. So we're not picking that same level up again kind of this year as we're a little more conservative around weather until we see how it plays out.
David Powers: Yeah. This is Dave. I think, longer-term, we're not prepared to kind of put those kind of targets out there yet. But we do think there is a little bit more opportunity, safe to say. I think it's also important though, and this is one of the reasons that we are reinvesting some of the operating profit dollars now since we are ahead of plan, is we do have growth drivers that we have been incubating that are showing signs of promise. And so, I think it's very important that we take the opportunity to invest in marketing, particularly in the UGG Men's business and the UGG Women's spring and summer and transitional business, and then particularly in HOKA. HOKA, as you can see from the results, it's still continuing to take off. We think this has tremendous upside, but it's still relatively low awareness. And so, we want to take the opportunity now to invest in that business to create the awareness that will help fuel growth for the company back up to mid-single digit starting in FY 2020.
David Powers: Yeah. And I also think on top of that, just a better handle on inventory control, moving that inventory through the pipeline into the marketplace, and you should see less volatility in the margin going forward. We have a pretty firm handle on the cost savings going forward. We've been migrating production out of China into Vietnam, and that is going well. So we feel pretty good about – really good about the progress and then good about how things play out going forward.
David Powers: Yeah. I think, the first thing we've been focused on the last couple of years is just better visibility across the organization and holding the teams and ourselves accountable for top and bottom line. We've also spent a lot of time on the supply chain process and pre-season planning so that we are efficient how we bring and when we bring product into the DC and to the consumer. So that's going to play out in better turns. As we're starting to see in the business, but I really think the planning teams and the work that they've been with the factories and flowing product differently has and will have a big impact on that going forward, continuity planning, level loading at the factories and just-in-time inventory into the DCs.
David Powers: And that was the strategic decision we made towards the tail end of the quarter to not spend that money on airfreight knowing that we were still able to deliver the sales for the quarter and then create an opportunity to reinvest some of that back into the business what you're seeing.
David Powers: Yeah. So, I think one of the things that we benefited from and I can walk through, so clearly airfreight was the big one. Some of our vendors support marketing that we typically have in Q2 moved into Q3, so that's a bit of a headwind in Q3. And that's largely around our UGG 40th anniversary event. So to put more marketing dollars that flow through our gross margin into Q3 versus Q4, so that's a switch. So you're seeing a benefit in Q2 as we move some of the dollars in this year into Q3 as we support that 40th anniversary. Some of the other things that you saw DTC mix helped us in Q2. We did get a little bit of benefit from favorable foreign currency, so that came in a little bit better than what we were planning, and then our product cost came in. And while we have that factored into our guidance, we did see a little bit more of that in Q2 than what we anticipated. So that gave us kind of a bit of a lift. I think, as you begin to look at the back half, a lot of that is baked into our guidance. So when you think about Q3 and you think about rates and kind of our ability of kind of where the guidance is versus where we can go. Last year, we benefited largely from very favorable weather conditions that helped drive a strong wholesale reorder, which held full-price margins in place. We also benefited from stronger DTC sales. As wholesale ran out of product, they came to DTC. So, with a more conservative approach this year around Q3, we're seeing kind of headwinds that we're facing in that respect. That's partially being offset by continued improvements in our supply chain that we have factored in. And so, that's kind of how we get to what's in the guidance for the margin.
David Powers: Yeah. I think we're pleased with how the quarter has started off. We have – like I said, we have clean inventory in this channel. We've got great segmentation out there. And where there is some colder weather, we are seeing a little bit of impact on the sales, which is great to see, which means the product is right and is resonating for the consumer. Always cautious to comment on weather expectations. I do know that last year was kind of a perfect storm, so to speak, just in terms of weather and timing, particularly in the back half of December going into January. So, I guess, best to say that we feel good about how we're positioned with the clean inventory channel, the allocation, segmentation, new accounts, product resonating. And if the cold weather comes, I think we're in really good shape for that.
David Powers: Yes. So, I have to give the teams a lot of credit for the way they're managing that account. That was a major decision that we made a couple of years ago to sell directly through Amazon channel. And so far, it's been working well. There have been very straightforward with the rest of our accounts and the expectations for Amazon. We've identified them as I believe the core account versus premium, so they're not getting the full breadth of the line or saving that for DTC and some of our premium accounts. And we're controlling the inventory there in a really very positive way, I would say. I think it's interesting to see that despite opening up Amazon, we're still seeing healthy business in some of our key accounts, e-commerce business at the same time. So, I think there is a channel opportunity there, but it's not massive. We want to make sure that we monitor that within the mix of our key partners, and we're servicing that consumer correctly for their consumer. But so far, I would say, we're pleased with how it's managed. We are tightly monitoring that. We have teams on it every day as we are with our top strategic accounts across the board. So – so far so good, but we're – the sanctity and the premiumness brand is first and foremost versus driving massive upside growth within the Amazon channel.
David Powers: Yeah. So, what I would say is, Mitch, if you kind of look at the $20 million, right, roughly about $3 million to $4 million kind of the lift, it's kind of $19 million to $20 million. $3 million to $4 million of that is really volume, so that's kind of the higher sales that we expected. So when you get kind of beyond volume, then you're at a rate of, call it, kind of $15 million to $16 million. We're seeing a little less than half of that is really kind of related to that not using airfreight this year compared to, say, what we used last year or anticipated for this year. And then, you get into kind of a couple of the other items that I talked about. So we have vendor support marketing, which is a part of gross margin. That's couple of million dollars that moves into Q3 out of Q2. And again, that's really related to the 40th anniversary, and then similar amounts with DTC mix product costs beneficial in Q2 and then some on the FX upside that we saw in Q2 but didn't plan.
David Powers: Yeah, it does. So, basically I think what we're seeing, last year we kind of – or the difference, I would say, that we're looking at, say, this year versus last year, is probably around 50 bps hit as being more conservative around weather. Probably a similar type offset with the continued improvements in supply chain initiatives, so there's two kind of offset.
David Powers: Yeah. Europe is – there is obviously macro and economic challenges over there. The brand remained strong (00:52:39) that we're seeing particularly in the UK, is a macro level issue. So, we're remaining a little bit conservative there. We do feel good about similar setups that we have in North America with regards to segmentation in some of the new accounts that we've been fostering over there. But the softness is really a macro level issue and we're just taking a conservative look at Europe right now.
David Powers: That's really related to UGG. The HOKA brand is still seeing strength and growth opportunity at this point. So it's really an UGG issue with the mature business, particularly in the UK.
David Powers: Right. So basically – so, the guidance assumes current rates. We do put hedging in place at the beginning of the year. We don't hedge 100%, but we do hedge a large majority of our FX exposure. So, we will have – always have a little bit of FX exposure, but we hedge kind of for the year at the beginning of the year.
David Powers: Yeah, so our fiscal year. So, going into our fiscal year, we have our budget where we're basically hedging large majority of our exposure, but again not 100%. So we'll always get some fluctuation. And then, every quarter we'll be updating to current rates. But that will also take into account some of the hedge exposure too.
David Powers: Yes. So, the China market for us had a good quarter. I think, again, similar to what's happening in the U.S., some of the new products that's more seasonally relevant, again, like the Fluff Yeah and the Neutra Sneaker, seasonal slippers are trending and performing well, which is a good sign that they're resonating on a global level. We are seeing a little bit of impact from the Chinese consumer on other markets, particularly in Japan. There is a lot of Chinese tourism happening in Japan right now, and the Japan business seems to be turning around versus last year. So, it's something that for the UGG brand, things are still trending well with that consumer. I do know at a macro level, there is potential concerns about what the trade wars are going to have for an impact on the Chinese consumer globally. But I think, for us, within the UGG brand, we're still seeing the brand resonating and the new product working at a global level.
David Powers: Yeah. So, we don't have a ton of exposure. Some of those new categories are tiny businesses for us in the scheme of things. And as I said earlier, the teams have done a tremendous job of migrating our production to other places beyond China to the point now where we're at over 70% outside of China. And for us, deliveries for FY 2019 are pretty much already on the water and on their way, if they're not already here going into Q3. So we've been planning for that. The exposure going forward, we feel, is pretty minimal. And I do know there's other – talking to our suppliers in China and Vietnam, we were just there a couple of weeks ago just in the marketplace, people are scrambling a bit. But as far as Deckers' business goes, we feel good about those liabilities being reduced from a China production standpoint and our ability to ship product in a timely manner to avoid any issues this year.
David Powers: Yeah. I think we've related that into the guidance. And as we said, for the quarter total inventory down 7% obviously with the growth of UGG and Koolaburra. UGG is down even more than that. And so, we do feel good about that. I think the margin upside that we saw in Q2 from deliveries and shipments in the quarter is indicative of the kind of go-forward margin. But I think with the mix of DTC and fewer stores versus wholesale this year versus last year and also some of the assumptions around a little bit more promotional marketplace offset the upside that we are seeing. And I think it's all embedded into the guidance.
David Powers: Yeah. As you know, we've been cultivating accounts such as Foot Locker, Footaction, SIX:02 for a couple of years working closely with those teams. We are doing it in a thoughtful and strategic way starting with the Footaction doors. This is a first time ever that we sold into Foot Locker. We are doing it in a very thoughtful way similar to what we did with Macy's a couple of years ago with a small amount of doors as a test, lets test and learn, let's take those learnings and embed them into product and marketing and the partnership. And we're pleased with how things are performing and the response of both Foot Locker Inc. and their consumer so far. So I think this is a meaningful opportunity. If we can really resonate particularly in men's with that in sports lifestyle consumer in that distribution over time, and as I said earlier in the call I do think it's incremental to places like Nordstrom and Dillard's. I think it could be meaningful for UGG particularly in Men's, but also in UGG Women's as well. And what's great about it is it gives us exposure and an opportunity to connect with that younger consumer, which we don't necessarily do in Nordstrom and Dillard's in traditional accounts. So I'm pretty excited about it and we also think about the opportunity for Foot Locker in Canada and Europe and then kind of like JD Sports, or JD over in UK as well.
