Dave Powers: Yeah, I let Steve get into specifics. But I think you know, a lot of this and he will explain this in more detail as the call goes on. But it’s just the timing of deliveries versus last year. So that’s the big part of the dynamic and then shifts between Q3 and Q4. But Steve I don’t know if you have more color on that.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I think just as a reminder, you know, Q3 last year, we were in some cases starved for inventory. And we, you know, brought inventory that we could have sold in Q3 brought in in Q4 for both UGG and HOKA, and the wholesalers were happy to take it at that time, and particularly for UGG, they were happy to fill up on kind of core styles, knowing that they would carry it into Q3 this year, and that dynamic has played out. But now we’re comping, you know, those increased shipments in Q4 last year. But overall, as Steve said, the brands are very healthy, full price sales throughout our wholesale partners is strong and the demand from them is still there. But keep in mind, they’re also working through you know, inventory situation, a lot of promotional activity in the marketplace, and then working through their own inventory. So they’re careful about who they bring in for brands. And fortunately, our brands are very, very strong. So they’re prioritizing us, but they still have a lot of inventory from other brands to work through in this environment.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I’m happy to talk about that. And this is, you know, I would say on a global scale, we are very selective of who we sell HOKA to in wholesale. We’re always prioritizing the run specialty channel, that’s our bread and butter and the authenticity of the brand. But you know, we’re strong in places like REI, we’ve expanded doors index in the third quarter. And as we mentioned in the call that’s growing very well. We’re in a handful of footlocker doors, but right now we’re not really looking to expand too many more doors in wholesale, we’re focused on healthy sell through and expanding categories. And then, you know, as we saw in Q3, DTC is exceptionally strong. And we want to continue to you know, drive the growth strategically in wholesale, create awareness, get in front of the right consumers, but ultimately drive as much business as we can through DTC, because for all the right reasons, margin, consumer data, lifetime value. So it’s a healthy balance and this is a good reflection of our strategy towards ultimately being a 50% DTC company, you can see how this is working in this quarter.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I can share with you my inbox of emails of people looking for those styles. So you know, I think to take it up to a higher level as we’re managing through our inventory in the UGG brand you know, we pulled back a little bit on how much we invested in some of these new styles, not anticipating how strong the consumer demand for them would be. So you know, the platform styles, the Tas, the Ultra Mini, those styles, you know, in many cases sold out to the piece. And so, we missed some opportunity there. The good news is that wholesalers want more, the consumer wants more. And we’ve realized that these extended Classics, you know, in more iterations of core classics would keep our brand DNA intact, are resonating very, very well with particularly younger consumers. But I would say all consumers, and then on a global scale. So you know, you can feel confident that we’re going to continue on that path and developing these styles, take advantage of the platform trends, et cetera as we continue through the year and beyond. So, good news is that you know core classics remain strong and healthy. But some of these new iterations were better than we expected. Which is great news. And you know, there’s demand on the table and the consumer is hungry for.
Dave Powers: Yep. Thanks, Jon. So yeah, on the HOKA side, you know, we’re very happy with these results. I think, in the early days of HOKA, you know, we were selling obviously to core runners and beyond, and then some people were using it for, you know, comfort and longevity reasons. And the younger consumers weren’t really adopting it as part of their own yet, but we’ve seen that shift – change dramatically in the last year or so, you know, in the 18 to 34 year old category was our fastest growing consumer segment. So it’s working as, you know, as we planned, probably a little better than we planned, tapping a little faster than we planned. But some of the activities we’re doing, the collabs with folks like free people, et cetera, marketing, but you’re seeing, you know, teenage girls and boys trading from traditional athletic brands into HOKA, and raving about it. So it’s very exciting. And it just expands the breadth of our brand from ages, you know, 18 to 80. And I think that marketing and the product teams are doing an exceptional job of creating right product for that consumer, putting it in the right place, and showcasing it the right way. And some of the extended work we’re doing on the lifestyle side, taking core styles, but you know, different treatments, different materials, different colors that are more kind of lifestyle focused, that’s working extremely well, too. So we think that this is a big unlock for the brand long-term. We want to be healthy and meaningful and important to this younger consumer. And we’re seeing that play out, which is really great.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I think you know, from a consumer perspective, you know, they don’t know the quarterly ins and outs, but they’re seeing the product it’s selling through very well at full price and the demand is certainly there. You know, and I think you have to pull back and look at the full year results of this brand, and especially the way both of our brands and Q3 performed in a very challenging environment, FX pressures, promotional environment, and to come out with this rate of high level – high price, full price sell through, healthy margins, and still momentum and demand in the marketplace. You know, that’s what we’re focused on. And so, we see this continuing and the brands as I said before, I’ve never been in a better place the brand heat that we see. And UGG and HOKA are exceptional and we’re going to continue to build on that. And, you know, invest in these brands for the long-term.
Dave Powers: The pricing. Yes, sorry. You know, we have raised prices in both brands this past Q3 and coming into the fall period, and we didn’t see any, really any resistance to that, you know, obviously evidenced by the sellout of some of these UGG styles and some of the price increases in HOKA, we haven’t really seen a slowdown in sell through. And so I think the product is worth it. The brand is, you know, meaningful and important to these consumers. And they were willing to pay full price even though some of the prices were higher.
Dave Powers: No. In UGG when we’re also doing, you know more slippers and Tasmans that a little bit lower priced than the Classic and some of the Minis you know, it may affect the total average price across the board. But you know, I think we’re providing excellent value and quality for the price and I think the consumer sees that and it’s resonating strongly with them and willing to pay it.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I mean certainly we’re still dealing with normalization of the business, you know, from COVID and some of that is related to refilling the marketplace of inventory coming off the peak, balancing that out. And so you know, right now, where we sit right now, we’re probably looking at low-single-digits, just to be prudent and as we reset the marketplace. You know, I am very excited about the product pipeline and the new leadership under Anne and the way the design teams and the marketing teams are collaborating globally for this brand, you know, we’re getting better at this every day. And so I think the opportunity is there, but we’re still trying to navigate and make sure we set the marketplace correctly. Right now, it’s extremely well managed globally. The inventories are clean and healthy. We have some inventory a little bit to work through here and there. But the long-term outlook for this brand, I think is exciting. But I would say where we sit now in the shorter-term, it’s you know we’re looking at low-single-digits, knowing that the environment and the global macroeconomic situation is still a little bit challenged. Different than HOKA, because that’s, you know, more of a hyper growth. And so a lot of people haven’t heard of the brand yet across the globe or UGG is obviously a household name. And it’s about fine-tuning the product assortment being meaningful to each of the consumer segments, and managing the marketplace globally, while driving a healthy DTC business to improve margins.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I would say from a channel perspective, you know, I think the channel is in good place with the inventory. You know, we were able to fill the bucket, so to speak in UGG last year, and we’re getting back inventory in key styles in HOKA. So I think it’s in a very healthy place and that’s reflected in, you know, how DTC exceeded wholesale growth in the quarter. Still healthy sell throughs globally. So again, credit to the teams you know managing the marketplace in this environment. But I would say, you know, from a brand health and a marketplace and a market channel perspective, things are in good shape. And, you know, in addition to what Steve said about how we’re managing and our number on levels.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think you know, what you’re looking at a little bit is some of those launches in Q4 had to ship in Q3 to be in the marketplace that, you know, in time and no. And then also, I talked about the Solimar. And also the new transit that just launched today, those are small buys and small volume drivers in a first introduction, so heavily weighted on DTC, you know, wholesalers, you know, want to see performance in your own channels before they invest heavily. So, yes, they’re exciting. Yes, they’re new. Yes, they’ll steal some market share from competitors. But the scale of those on the business at this point are still small. And then some of that inventory has also shipped in Q3, which is why you see the 90% increase.
Dave Powers: Yeah, sure. You know, it’s hard to comment on things right now in this quarter. But you know, I think coming out of the year-to-date so far in China, listen, I give our teams over there, the leadership and management team, the way they have managed the last three years in that marketplace with all the challenges from COVID and lockdowns, and you know, consumers not being able to spend, I think we’re in you know, exceptional shape and our brands as considering the marketplace. So the brands, you know, are strong, they’re healthy, they’re in demand, the marketing tactics that we’re employing for both brands over there being more locally relevant, the collabs that we’re doing in UGG, the fashion partnerships, reaching in younger consumer, those are all checking boxes and performing extremely well. You know, I think what you’ll start to see, and I was talking to the China team the other night, you’re going to start to see consumers come back out. And we feel really good about our chances, you know, for the finish of this year and heading into next year. Keep in mind that, you know, China isn’t a massive business for us yet, we do have long-term aspirations. But I think we’re going to see that consumer come back not only domestically but globally. And that’ll be an interesting dynamic for us and other brands. But we like the way we’re set up the like, we like the way we’re managing the marketplace, the way we’re resourcing it, and then specifically to HOKA you know, so far so good. We’ve invested in our own stores, we’re working with partners on door expansion, creating awareness in the marketplace in an authentic way. And we’re going to continue on that path because we see just tremendous opportunity for HOKA in the long-term. And so far, we’re seeing good signs from our partners and our retail stores and gives us a lot of confidence that this can be a big success over time.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think you know, when we get into the quarterly discussion, it’s a little bit about what we alluded to at the beginning of the year. We knew that given – coming out again, Q4, just to remind everyone, where we shipped product last year in Q4, that was going to impact Q3 and Q4 of this year in terms of wholesale growth. So we took the opportunity to sell products in. We had wholesale customers participating and wanting to hold some of that product that they didn’t sell in Q4, which we knew would impact Q3 and Q4 of this year. So I think, as we see Q3 and Q4 play out, it’s much to our expectation and a little bit better, which is why we are increasing our full year outlook. We knew kind of between quarters, there would be some disruption in the current year, again, why we didn’t guide quarterly. But I think continuing to see strong demand with our wholesalers. This is a bit of you know impact from pandemic and supply chain disruption experienced last year, still playing through this year. It is impacting how we see wholesale growth in the current year, but we knew that, right and it goes a little bit back to the point I made in the prepared remarks, which was, we were going to take every opportunity to get products in early in the year to make sure that we have an opportunity for strong sell through during the season, which is exactly what we’ve seen. And our brands continue to perform well and resonate with customers. So both on the UGG side, and especially as you can see in the numbers on the HOKA side. So, again, really pleased with our performance, again, don’t want to get hung up on quarterly percentage changes, because really, we’re measuring the health of the business on the year and that’s our outlook on the race for the year.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, and Jon, this is Steve. On the Q3, Q4 HOKA dynamic. Again, it goes back to a little bit, you know, we’re dealing with disruptive supply chain last year, right. So there’s a dynamic on the year-over-year comparison in Q3 and Q4. Then to your point on kind of Q4 versus Q3 this year. As we’ve had more inventory availability, we’ve been putting that into the marketplace. At the same time you know, we know as Dave said, there is more product in the marketplace. So we want to control the marketplace. You know, we’ll look and see how the brand continues to grow, it’s going to continue to grow a little bit disproportionate in percentage terms, again, because of how we’re making those comparisons to last year. But this is a little bit to our marketplace management. We also have new models that are being introduced in Q4. So there’s some change in some of the wholesale deliveries in the quarter. But again, this is a brand that’s continuing to grow overall solid growth plan for the year, a little bit choppy between quarters, you know, and strong demand that we continue to see, that wholesalers are demanding product. So, managing the DTC business, managing the wholesale business, managing the marketplace, recognizing what’s going on there. I wouldn’t get too concerned over the Q3, Q4 dynamic. You know, we’ve just got choppy quarters going on in this year.
Steve Fasching: And then I think just the last thing and we’ll move on, but, you know, I think the demand that we’re seeing for HOKA is highlighted in again, our raise for our full year outlook. So that raise is being driven by the increased demand that we’re seeing from HOKA. You know, again, just speaking to the strength we continue to see with HOKA and how it’s resonating in the marketplace.
Steve Fasching: We raised price on certain select styles but today’s point that was called around 8% of the styles. And it wasn’t all at the beginning of the year. It was some styles on HOKA at the beginning of the year, and then it was some products in UGG on the fall season.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Tom this is Steve, I’ll take that one. And you know, we’re not giving guidance yet. And it going a little bit to what I said in the prepared remarks. And so, we are experiencing improvements in gross margin, you’ve seen it in Q3 as you model it in, you’ll see it in Q4, where that’s largely coming from the freight. So you are right, we’re seeing freight rates come down. In the current quarter, Q4, we’re going to benefit from that, we’re seeing that increase. Overall, there still is, you know, an FX headwind. So for the year, as you can see in our guidance, we are lower on a gross margin basis, we’ll continue to see some improvement with ocean freight, but it’s going to be at lower levels than what you’re seeing come through in the current quarter. So there will be to your point a little bit of a tailwind, we’ll see what happens with currency, right. Currencies turned more beneficial to us. It’s in kind of mid-to-late Q3. We’re seeing some of that, but it’s still down from a year ago. So to your point, we’ll see what happens. There is a potential there, you know, for some improvements that could contribute to the gross margin. But as I also said, you know, we’ve tightened our belt this year to deliver on what we guided, we’ve held off on some investments within the business to continue to deliver within that range of guidance, and so we’re evaluating it. And while we haven’t given guidance on next year, we do expect there will be some gross margin expansion. And we’re going to use that to invest in the business, especially in the competitive nature of where this business is and what we’re doing with our brands. And so that investment is critical to keeping us relevant and leading in this space. So that is clearly something we are going to do with some of that gross margin expansion. Now, as I’ve said before, right, when there’s an opportunity, we see strong businesses their opportunity to reflect some of that upside. Yeah, and we did do that a couple of years ago. But first, we’re going to make sure that we’re looking at some of this gross margin expansion, investing it in the business because it’s proving well, we’re delivering exceptional results. We’re well above many of our peers in terms of operating profit. So we got to keep continuing to invest in this business. So, yeah, there is, but you know, there’s also investments that we have to make them in business.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, I think the – so speaking to our inventory, we, you know, this is something we indicated at the beginning of the year, that it was something that we would be working through this year. And I think we’ve demonstrated that, inventory levels have improved. As we’ve said in the prepared remarks, again, inventory level on UGG actually decreased, again, signaling some of the work that we’ve been doing and the improvement efforts that we’ve been making. You know, what we’re also doing is increasing our HOKA inventory. So when you got a quarter that’s growing 90%, you got to have inventory to service those sales. So we have been increasing inventory. You know, I think in terms of as we look out further, there’s still opportunity to optimize inventory levels. But when we look at the relationship of inventory to sales growth it’s coming much more in line, we feel comfortable about our inventory, there’s always room for a little bit of improvement, we’ll continue to work on that improvement, as things begin to normalize, especially with the supply chain. But where we sit today with everything that’s going on with the growth of our brands, we feel comfortable about our inventory positions, and we’ll continue to work to optimize those levels.
Steve Fasching: And I think John answered that question, right. So when you take the numbers in, given what we sold in as well as what we sold through our DTC, we’re not expecting that on – growth on Q3. Again, we’ve got dynamics that are underlying between quarters, right. And that’s why I want to be careful that people aren’t so focused on Q3, Q4, as I said, we’re managing this business for the year. It’s why we have not this year, given quarterly guidance. We know we’ve got dynamics within quarters this year, where we’re trying to get more products in early. And that, as I said before, has worked well for us, right. So we want to make sure we have you know the right perspective of how the business is trending. Now, when you then look at mix, right. That’s going to play an impact on revenue reported. So when we’re looking at volumes, right volumes are a little bit different due to the channels that we’re selling in. Our guide equates to similar volume levels. But again, I want to be careful that people aren’t so focused on a Q3, Q4 dynamics. It’s the full year right and you know, we’re coming out of a quarter where we grew the brand 90%, there is demand out there. So, again, we’re going to get product in, we’re going to get it in there, we want to make sure it has an opportunity to sell through, and then we’ll see what happens. And then again, we have tremendous confidence in HOKA. And – but at the same time, we’re managing the marketplace. We know that there are a lot of competitors that have a lot of inventory within the wholesale channel, we don’t need to contribute to that confusion, we’ve got a brand that’s red hot that continues to perform well, this goes to our marketplace management. So brand is in great shape. I don’t want people to get worked up about a Q3, Q4 dynamic. That’s not what we’re talking about.
Steve Fasching: Well, again, I mean, the UGG costs of being down in Q4, you have so much that shifted from Q3 to Q4 last year, and you brought more of it in Q3 this year. And so that’s not really – that’s a different scenario than health. That’s not expected. It’s just more a matter of trying to triangulate where it is.
