Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Tom. As you can see from our guidance, we're anticipating another strong fourth quarter. The recent acceleration and sell-through of the UGG brand at retail, combined with our inventory investments, has us well-positioned for the holiday season in the U.S., and in our direct international markets. Earlier this month, we opened 2 more stores in China, as well as locations in Toronto and Vancouver. We'll soon open our third store in London, followed by another 2 in Japan. This will give us 44 stores worldwide by mid-November, up from 27 at this time a year ago, with 19 in the U.S., 5 in the U.K., 10 in China, 8 in Japan and 2 in Canada. So it's shaping up to be another record year for the company. The UGG brand is on pace to surpass $1 billion in annual sales. The Teva brand is projected to report its second consecutive year of 20-plus percent growth. And our brand portfolio has never been stronger, thanks to the acquisition of the Sanuk brand. At the same time, we're in excellent financial condition with no long-term debt, and a projected yearend cash position of approximately $250 million, with no short-term bank borrowing even after our purchase of the Sanuk brand and approximately $20 million in company stock repurchases. Turning to 2012, the spring 2012 prebook process for the UGG, Teva and Sanuk brands went well. The UGG brand's spring line is expected to have a much greater presence at our domestic wholesale accounts next year, including sandals, espadrilles, boots, clogs and sneakers. The mix of closed toe footwear now comprises approximately 21% of the Teva brand's spring line, and will continue to be the driving force around the brand's continued market share gains in the outdoor space. The Sanuk brand was well into its spring selling period when we acquired it in July. Management has made good progress growing the prebook portion of the business, and this is evident in their backlog at September 30. Overseas, the UGG brand spring line is still under-penetrated. We believe that our newly established subsidiaries provide a stronger platform to go after this large market opportunity. Likewise, our direct operations in the U.K. and Benelux are influencing the Teva brand's strategic direction in those regions, as well as neighboring countries like France. Turning to retail. Our preliminary plans are to open approximately 25 new stores in 2012. The majority will be in international locations, primarily boutiques in Asia, with a store opening cadence similar to this year. Now we're obviously well aware of the potential headwinds that face the global consumer should the economic environment deteriorate further. However, we feel good about our prospects and our growth prospects at this point. The opportunities for our business have never been broader or more diverse, and we're confident that we have the right strategies in place to build on the global momentum that we've created. So operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay, let me take the first part, Jeff. Significant growth has come from the mix shift. We've had great success with the expansions of the brand beyond the classic category, which has been an important component of our strategy. Diversifying the product line. All you have to do is walk in the stores and see the kind of interest we have in non-classic product, that's actually quite extraordinary. Particularly, the cold-weather product, which has been very strong, and the sneakers have continued to perform well even through fall. So it has been, I think, more slanted towards that mix shift, that's where we're seeing a lot of growth. On men's side, we're very happy with the results of the men's initiative. We've had, I'd say, very solid low double-digit sales gains on the men's side, and momentum continues to build. I think we're just now seeing the weather begin to shift, and the season for boots and cold weather boots particularly, is starting to make itself known. So I feel that we're building some nice momentum on the men's side.
Angel R. Martinez: No, I'm not ready to do that. At this point, it's been strong, consistent with what we've seen in years past, with more penetration and more stuff. We're going more real state than we've had in the past. So the mix is very good. We're very happy with the mix. But I don't want to disclose any specific numbers at this point.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We really like the direction that we've with both of those businesses, as you may know, we've been incubating both of these, moving away from the original license relationship that we had in both businesses, to managing it and developing it on our own. I think this year, as you may have seen from the initial shipment of the handbags, we've made a dramatic improvement in the handbags. The apparel line, is a lot more focused with I think products that are priced right and make statements about the UGG brand. Clearly, one of the advantages of having these retail stores is that we have a fantastic laboratory for experimentation and development of both the apparel and the accessories line. And our team has been very good about identifying opportunities, putting them in the doors and seeing how they perform and then accelerating the development from there. So, I would say, we're probably still in that sort of early stage development of our apparel and accessories strategy, and you'll see more of that, and more acceleration in that over the next couple of years.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we -- and I can comment on sell through rates for spring, I think a little early at the moment to comment on the fall since the weather has been quite warm in the U.K. especially all through Europe. We really haven't seen -- real fall-like weather consistently. We have a ways to go with our spring product in Europe. The brand was known as primarily a classic brand, the UGG classic -- synonymous with winter, and we have some work to do there. I think sellthroughs were good, but they could be better with a little more insight about the product and the assortment, and the flow rate of those products and assortments, and we learned. This is only the first fall season that we've been selling product directly, and that we've gone to school on last spring's product, which we did not sell in. That was sold in by our distributor. So I think you'll see improvement across that front next year. So, we'll it's a little early to comment on the fall. We're getting good signals so far, with response to the initial shipments and -- of product, but it's still too early.
Angel R. Martinez: It'd be mostly second half of the year. It'd be related to our fall business, which obviously -- it's the lion share of the business.
Angel R. Martinez: Those were originally in the third and fourth quarter guidance, and at about those full amounts, just a little bit lower than in original guidance than what we estimate those to be right now, and those are still being evaluated at this point in time as well. But that's sort of where we're at now, and what I talked about for 2012, or the approximate numbers we expect at this point in time.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. In terms of the fourth quarter of this year, we expect about 7 of the 17 for the total year. So we have balanced it out somewhere. But more of the store openings are coming sooner, so we can capitalize more on the full fall season as opposed to just the fourth quarter.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. The boutique is more of an international concept, more of an Asian concept, but it won't be the majority.
Angel R. Martinez: No, actually, we do not expect to increase door count. We think growth will come from all of the above. It just depends on the channel. There are some doors that are very heavily, strictly classic and very limited beyond that, which is not appropriate representation of the UGG brand. So it's kind of a one-dimensional view of the UGG brand. So therefore clearly, we want to expand beyond classic, we want to expand into the spring, we want to expand into men's and kids. So that's -- those are some doors. Some other doors, there's a relatively decent assortment, but there's been, inconsistency in continuing to evolve the categories of the products. So there's only a spot representation of the classification of the product versus other areas. So to give you an example, slippers. Slippers is a big growth opportunity in the U.K. starting to catch on. But we have not enough penetration of doors in the slipper business, and that's coming -- you'll see more of that. Men's is another area, where we're just starting to see some acceptance and development of our men's casual and casual boots and cold-weather product in the northern parts of Europe. And there, we have a lot of room to grow. So I'd say, if nothing else, what we have in the U.K. is probably a few too many doors, frankly. And there might be more consolidation, and an underdevelopment of the assortments in those doors. And so our team over there has got their work cutout for them, and they will be driving those growth objectives in the next 12 months pretty aggressively.
Angel R. Martinez: I think, the best way to look at this point in time, it's still early in our planning process, as we evaluate the number of retail stores we'll open, we continue to evaluate what kind of personnel we need to be able scale the company internationally and both Europe and Asia. When we continue to our planning process and get a better idea of what the requirements are going to be, we'll be able to share that in February.
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. We're very happy. I think the doors that we've opened recently in the U.S. particularly in Europe have been performing as to the plan. Obviously, in Japan, they had a meltdown, tsunami, and that has been problematic. Curiously, we're getting great performance from the outlet store we opened this. And it's -- and the original store we had, which is a little hole in the wall, has been performing exceptionally well. But tourism has been away down in the Ginza district, and curiously as well, tourism from China is just now starting to bounce back. The Chinese consumer in Japan is very powerful driver of shopping in those districts. So we expect to see some improvement in the fourth quarter. We're not immune to the macroeconomic situation across any part of the world. Wherever you see a slowdown in general retail -- the odds are we're going to experience some less than stellar performance. But having said that, I'm constantly amazed at how well our stores perform because of the loyalty we have from consumers who really love the brand. And so, we expect that to continue -- with innovative product and more aggressive marketing in those retail locations.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We're really comfortable with our inventory levels. We had the complicated business, now we're direct internationally, and we feel really good with our inventory levels, and the level of reserves we've put relative to the inventories and our ability to manage it.
Angel R. Martinez: It will be, I think, if you look at it in terms of absolute numbers, I mean a year ago, our inventory was about $125 million all in. This year, we've got the cost increase in Sanuk. It's probably going to be about 60% increase year-over-year is sort of our expectation right now.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. Well, UGG Kids, I think if there's any breaks that are being put on adult kids are being put on by us, I mean, we could sell a lot kids product, a lot of more kids products than frankly we feel is healthy. So, we're keeping the kid assortment very fresh, very directed, very focused, and being careful about our distribution. As well, it's expensive product for kids, so we're conscious of that, and conscious that families are struggling, and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves in the kids businesses. Remember, it cost the same practically because the cost of sheepskin to produce a kid's boot as in adult boot. On the Teva business, we're very happy with the sell-through of the closed-toe product, and that has proven to be very important, very powerful driver for the brand. Once again, we're anticipating 20-plus-percent increases around Teva brand for this year. And we feel it's on a nice trajectory. Spring bookings, were just exceptional, very happy with that. We anticipate a lot of fresh new product, a lot more spread and assortment of Teva and a significant amount of closed-toe in the spring, which is for Teva, really a first. So, breaking new ground with Teva every single season.
Angel R. Martinez: We're pretty happy with all the categories. The way we operate, it's always -- there's always something exiting the line and something new replacing it. So, where we don't feel we get the successes, that product doesn't really progress very far. And we're also careful initially when we make a decision and put something in line. We do test it. We get a read before we go all in. We don't bank -- bet the farm on any particular new style. It's a very systematic approach. Our stores are very helpful in this respect, cause we're able to get a good read and get a read early. So it's -- I'd say right now, we're getting good sellthrough across the board. There's few items here and there, but they're not of any significant volume and inventory commitment. And there are items where we consciously know that because of the price point, that they're more less exclusive items. They're limited distribution, limited production and those items are actually selling quite well. And when we run out, we run out.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. I mean, we're still evaluating what pricing we're going to do for fall of '12. At this point in time, we are going to raise prices on selected styles, but we need to finalize that as part of our process here, as far as the planning process. This year, again, we raised it on selected styles, some of the newer products, we raised it, but for example, this year, with the 40% increase in sheepskin cost, that's going to be difficult from a pricing point of view. You really can't offset that kind of a cost increase.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, that's the benefit we had in the third quarter for that switch, which will not recur next year.
Angel R. Martinez: No, not really. If anything, I think what's -- what people are reacting to as well as the weather. And so that's having an impact on when they might want to take deliveries. Some people want to shift their deliveries a little bit later because we really haven't had the cold weather. They don't want to sit on too much an inventory. It's just now -- it's now starting -- this happens every single year. Every year, we have a warm spell in October, and people somehow believe there's not going to be a winter. And then last coldest winter ever, and they were scrambling for product in November, December and January, so it's just impossible to predict, and we feel we have a pretty good flow chart for our customer's needs and demands on inventory and product, so and a good historical reference for all that. So it's just the normal part of running the business.
Angel R. Martinez: Just skip back to the concept, to the $30 million turns into $50 million kind of concept. And last year, in the third quarter, there was $30 million of distributor business, and that converts to about $50 million, that was in fact, that was a second -- the second moving into the third. We had $30 million of distributor business that was on a distributor base, that would $50 million, but with -- and with the change in model, it was $70 million. So that's in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we've got really -- again like I said were really a cautious estimate on what kind of reorder business we'll have in the fourth quarter in these 2 markets at this point in time. We want to get though our first winter season in these 2 markets on a direct basis, then we'll have some experience there.
Angel R. Martinez: Right. Thank you all very much. Really appreciate your attention and the questions. I'd like to also thank the team, the Deckers team worldwide, and we've, I think, demonstrated an ability to react to changing economic conditions and keep evolving these brands and anticipate some nice growth in 2012, and we'll see you in February.
Thomas A. George: And Jeff, regarding the margins, one thing we do know is now, we know the increased raw material cost we expect to experience in 2012. And I think another thing we know right now is, which is 2012, which is different than 2011 as we don't -- we will not experience the same one-time lift we experienced in 2011, by going to these U.K. and Benelux markets direct in 2011. That benefit, for example, in the third quarter, was an approximately 5% benefit to the margin by going direct. So it's still early. Another thing is it's still early in our planning process to be able to come up with really, what the margins may be for 2011, because there are a lot of puts and takes. We're still finalizing our pricing. We're still finalizing for next year, what our mix of international versus domestic business will be. We're also evaluating and determining just what the number of retail stores which can help with the margin next year. So a little bit too early, like a sort of consistent with normal process in February, when we report our fourth quarter results, we'll be able to have a better view of margin guidance for next year.
Thomas A. George: That's a good question. It is real similar to what it was in 2011. In 2011, we hit about 10% with the total cost of goods increase. And for 2012, at this point in time, it looks like it'd be real similar.
Thomas A. George: I think you can get to that, Mitch. I mean, we talked about Sanuk being in the high 20s for the back half of the year in the first -- in the third quarter, Sanuk was a little bit over $15 million of sales. So if you strip that out of there from the growth rate that we're giving, then you can sort of back-end with an organic growth rate.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think we -- again, in Europe, the fourth quarter business is very much dependent on reorders as opposed to being prebooked like the U.S. So, we're being cautious relative to our expectations in the fourth quarter in Europe and the U.K. until we get to our first full season and get a better understanding what kind of reorder rates there may be.
Thomas A. George: I'll give you -- the Japan market as well as the Chinese market are still relatively small. They're -- sort of an estimate for the total year, the Japanese market is about 2% to 3% of sales, while the Chinese market is 2% of sales for the total year.
Thomas A. George: And Mitch, on Europe, let me give you quick number available. It's not just those 2 markets we're direct, but we have a good business in Germany and some of the other countries. So total European region is roughly 20% of total sales.
Thomas A. George: Yes. I can do that. Sanuk we'd put that out -- that's about $9 million. So a year ago, we didn't have that in our numbers. One of the big growth areas is internationally, now that we're direct, and that was about $60 million of the increase. And then another increase is we have more stores, that's $12 million the $15 million. And the balance would be domestic, and then something that really cuts across all that is, there's about a -- for the most part, a 10% increase in sort of the cost of inventory levels relative to a year ago -- cost increases we experienced.
Thomas A. George: Generally speaking, the U.S. was stronger than the international markets. And that's probably the level of visibility we want to get right now, give right now. We have some improvement in the U.K. relative to what we saw earlier in the year. But we are seeing in Japan, and even to a certain extent, or lesser extent, China, we've got some impact there, but we still have a good outlook relative to Japan and China, relative to the retail opportunity there.
Thomas A. George: Jim, with that -- some of that is, there are some expenses in the third quarter that shifted to the fourth quarter. But most of the change in the earnings guidance is related to that. And there's also, what we're seeing now for the fourth quarter is a little bit of a shift in mix, a little bit more of a movement towards the domestic versus -- business versus the international business. And that has some negative impact on the margin. But net-net, it's mostly due to a shift of expenses.
Thomas A. George: May have been, in terms of your model and some of your expectations, but our prior guidance was more like a $3.09 kind of guidance, and we're coming in now, of course if you apply the percentages at roughly $3.02, and then $0.04 of that is relative to the expense shifts. So it's primarily due to the expense shift. And then, the other thing is when you have a change in mix, relative to what's international versus domestic, then you also get somewhat -- you get some pressures on the margin relative to the prior guidance, so...
Thomas A. George: Well, yes. In the fourth quarter, and especially -- not only do we have new stores, but our stores -- the comp base is still relatively small when you compare it to another larger retailer. So we -- and the macro backdrop we see around the world, we still try to be cautious from that point of view on what kind of assumptions we put in for comps.
Thomas A. George: You go ahead -- whatever assumption you want in there. But -- another thing to keep in mind is now we have, for instance in New York, we have 3 stores there now, relative to earlier years. So you need to -- like especially with the macro backdrop, you need to be cautious where you take the comps.
Thomas A. George: No, it shouldn't change dramatically even making investments in the business. And you're right, 1/2 of the year is going to have stronger operating margins than the back half for Sanuk.
