David Powers: Thanks, Steve. I think it is important to acknowledge that this quarter marks a significant point and our progression against our long-term target. As we have raised our guidance for the full fiscal year 2019 to include achieving up to $2 billion in revenue with operating margin significantly exceeding the target of 13% as well as fulfilling the commitment to deliver $100 million of operating profit improvement. And we are now on pace to deliver a year ahead of plan. In summary our success for the third quarter was highlighted by a strong product offering rich with brand DNA and relevant to younger consumer base to a new and existing wholesale account, thoughtful and controlled distribution through over UGG core classic allocation and segmentation strategy in the U.S. wholesale marketplace and favorable weather conditions for which we remained appropriately positioned to capture increased in-season – all leading to accelerated revenue growth in UGG non-core styles as well as impressive results in our HOKA and Koolaburra brand much less promotional activity than prior years, driving significant gross margin profitability above expectation and exiting the season with very low inventory in the wholesale channel as well as reduced owned inventory versus prior year. In closing, I would like to congratulate the entire Deckers' organization for executing an incredibly strong third quarter and for their commitment our brand and as we step into the next stage of our evolution. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for their continued support and to employees for their focus and passion for the business. I'm very excited about our results but even more excited for what lies ahead. With that we are now ready for Q&A.
David Powers: Yeah. Great question. We've been working for quite some time to get our wholesale partners to adopt more of the line beyond just the core classics. Because we believe there's real strength in that assortment, especially now that we’re reaching a younger consumer, and it's just a much healthier sustainable business over time. So I'm super excited about how the allocation strategy worked in core classics. We contained the amount of inventory that was in the channel. We are very thoughtful on which accounts we gave core classics to and what quantities they had. And then we supplemented that with segmented approach of non-classic styling across shoes, slippers, boots, et cetera. And I think what you're seeing in this quarter is the results of that work playing out aided a little bit by some really cold weather to bring traffic and excitement to the brand. But the sell-through rates on core classics and in non-core classics inventory were exceptional. And so the accounts are very pleased with how we've been controlling the brand in the marketplace, how we've been positioning new accounts with segmented product offerings so everybody has something different and unique. And I think that is strategy that played out extremely well for us in Q3, and one that we're looking to employ in the international markets starting in fall 2019. So I guess to answer your question. The feedback from the accounts has been very positive. They all had a good season. As you saw, we had high full price sell-through. We didn't have to discount to drive sales even, though we were in December up against tough comp last year and exited the quarter extremely strong.
David Powers: Yeah. I think I could say the weather early on was a catalyst to kind of spur the excitement in UGG and in the product there. But it wasn’t for the compelling product across the board that we've been working on for quite some time and this is really the first year you’re seeing the full assortment and the segmented approach hit the market with some new distribution. We wouldn't have done as well as we did. And I think if you look at the high-level, like we said on the call in the script, this wasn't just an UGG story this quarter. HOKA did tremendously well. Their best quarter ever, which traditionally Q3 isn't their largest quarter of the year. And I think you're starting to see the impact of HOKA and also Koolaburra and the portfolio approach to this business have a bigger impact, and we all feel great about the fact that we are less reliant on core classics and weather dependent in Q3.
David Powers: Yeah. I mean we're not giving obviously long-term guidance at this point, but I still and firmly believe that mid-single digits is achievable in the long-term over the next three to five years. We do have significant growth drivers that we've talked about. First and foremost, we're going to maintain the strength of the core classics business. We don't see that as a major growth driver, but more than just a healthy annual business so we can continue to build on. But UGG men will continue to be a growth driver. New categories outside of core classics in women's and also in spring and summer. HOKA will be significant. And as we said before we see that brand getting to $300 million to $500 million in the next three to five years. I think when you add up all those components you get to mid-single digit growth level that we think is sustainable over the next three to five years. 
David Powers: Yes, I think, I covered a lot of it. I think -- one thing is important to note is again we started out strong in October and November. If you remember last year, we had extremely strong December and we plan that business conservatively going into this quarter this year. Fortunately, we started out the gates very strong with some of the new products that were hitting the marketplace as well as some cold weather early in October which proved to be more of a catalyst to getting the business jumpstarted. But again I think it was the strength of the men's offering across the board driven by the new [indiscernible] styles and some of the fashion boots. The Adirondack style in women's was a top seller for us again even though we raised the price. That we still saw double-digit growth in that style alone versus last year. Shoes and sneakers in women's led by the Neutra sneaker and slippers led by the Fluff Yeah franchise. Those are normally not big drivers in the business, but we saw those really kicking in October-November through existing a new wholesale distribution as well as online that created excitement for the brand. And I think had a halo effect on the Classics but I think what the difference is this wasn’t a classics led business this year, I think it was across-the-board strength and we maintained, controlled the marketplace through pricing. So there was very little of any discounting going on. We entered the season very healthy and clean from an inventory perspective. We maintained that through strong full price sell-throughs and tightly manage reorders going into December. And even though December was a little bit challenging, we had enough momentum in the business to finish the quarter strong and made some decisions that actually we decided not to promote or drive closeout sales even though we could have in some cases. And we felt it's better to maintain a healthy positioning in the marketplace, strong full price selling for our consumers in our accounts and then exit the quarter with healthy inventory levels going into the first -- going into Q4 and next year selling. So we played out nicely. And again we've been working on this for a couple of years. As you know the segmentation, allocation and product assortment coupled with new brand positioning. And we're still feeling good about that positioning going forward. As far as Q4 goes -- the weather has been up and down, playing a little bit of -- have an impact in the business. In some cases, we still have some challenges internationally. Some of the ships of deliveries and accounting principles that went into Q3 make this quarter look a little bit lower than we anticipated originally. But still strong, sell-through is still, good handle on the inventory in the marketplace. We’re not doing a lot of closeout, and then being bolstered by the strength of HOKA.
David Powers: Yeah. I think our goal is to always control what we can control. And I think I always look at kind of our international markets in the last couple of years as probably year behind our strategies that we're executing first in North America. So the marketplace management tactics that we just saw play out in Q3 in North America, we'll be rolling those out to the international markets starting in fall 2019. With regards to Asia Pacific and the China business, there is a macro challenges in that marketplace with consumer sentiment. We had some of weather challenges in the marketplace, particularly in southern China. And those are the major factors outside of the brand itself.
David Powers: Yeah, it's a great question, and there is no exact number or breakdown to that. But from where we stand, it's more weighted towards the marketplace management of the brand and the focus on brand positioning and product. So certainly, as you know Sam, managing inventory in the channel, the allocation of the Classics is a big component of that in creating demand in the consumer and for the account. And then bolstering that with an exciting product offering that is segmented by consumer and channel on account, I believe the majority of the upside is from that. And we're looking at it as aided by – the success aided by weather but not driven weather.
David Powers: Yes, it's a bigger beat on wholesale right. So we saw stronger wholesale outperformance than we did in DTC. You're right both did perform well. But also DTC was impacted by I think 11 stores closed this year versus last. So on a year-on-year we have headwinds with store closures related to retail. But again strong performance in DTC kind of stronger performance in wholesale so the perform -- it's the proportion of the wholesale beat is bigger than the DTC. 
David Powers: So I'll handle the first one and Steve can handle the second one. We actually been working on pricing for quite some time and particularly in North America to make sure that we're competitive, I guess, the competition – there are competition out there and also by account with some of the new segmentation. So we feel that we actually had pricing set correctly. There are couple styles that we made decisions to change to be a little bit more competitive bringing those down, but we maintained healthy margins across the board regardless of category. We don't see any significant price changes go into next year. We're trying to do going into next year in FY 2020 is to add more value into some of the product that the prices we have more functional capabilities such as waterproof capabilities and some of the fashion boots in women. But pricing overall we felt we were set correctly. We were competitive. A lot of value in the pricing for the consumer and I think that played through in the full price sell-through. 
David Powers: All well across the board. Generally speaking, those have all performed well for us. We have some assortment opportunities in places like Foot Locker where the core new male has sold well to their consumer, but we see opportunities for evolving that specifically for their consumer. But generally speaking, inventory levels and sell-through have been healthy and the accounts are pleased.
David Powers: Well I think I'll speak to the changes and strategy. I would say no. I think we're going to continue to build on those strategies. I think the allocation and the whole back of the Classics on the channel has proved to be healthy and created some demand across the brand in the marketplace. I think the segmentation -- this is really the first full year where we've seen true product created specifically for accounts and the younger consumer. That's played out very well. So we're going to continue to build on that. And I think some of those new categories will start to be meaningful and help us get to that low single digit growth over time but still maintaining a tight control of the core classics business. 
David Powers: And I also think that the success of the UGG men's in the quarter is a great indicator of some of the opportunity going forward as well. That has reached contribution of 15% of total brand sales now up from 13% last year. We still think there's significant opportunity in men's in with new consumer and in global distribution. And that's when we're going to continue to focus on to bolster the total line of the UGG brand as well. 
David Powers: Absolutely. That's exactly the way we're looking. And I think again this quarter somewhat demonstrate the opportunity that we have, not only with UGG and kind of the success we saw on those areas, but again with HOKA and Koolaburra. And so we do intend to use some of those dollars of over performance to reinvest in the business to drive some of these growth drivers that we have.
David Powers: Yeah. It’s kind of more flattish the last year, and I think the way to look at that was -- as we looked at the quarter, we saw a very strong January last year. This year January started out not as strong as the year ago. So as you recall, there was a little bit of a different weather pattern last year versus this year. Last year cold late December, carried through January. This year, we had a good colder October and November, but warm December that carried through the beginning of January. And there's a lot of selling in January. So we've included that really in our guidance of how we're looking at fourth quarter. So it's not down as much as you said more flattish to down a little bit, really taking that into consideration.
David Powers: Yeah. We haven't necessarily kind of given that. What we said last quarter as you recall we said there was about $6 million of airfreight that we have planned that we didn't use. And so we think going forward that won't necessarily always be the case. It's going to kind of depend on how we're bringing product to market, where the orders are, how quickly we need to bring product in. Clearly, we have gotten better. And we think there will be improvements from where we were a year ago. We think this year was an extremely clean year and will be a little bit conservative because you know there's going to be certain styles especially as we move beyond kind of the core classics that there's going to be a need to bring product in quickly to the market. So we'll be anticipating some of that.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Jon, this is Steve. Just a kind of add on to what Dave said. I think in terms of how we looked at the quarter for the way it played out, it pretty much played out the way we thought. And then with less promotion we saw some lift in revenue and then we saw some timing impact. So the timing impacts that we picked up in Q3 is really what's impacting Q4. Q4 hasn't changed from the way we look today at it other than we shipped some products earlier in Q3. So exactly kind of what Dave said with an allocation strategy in place, we sold to that, we sold about that in additional categories that give us really the upside kind of in Q3, and Q4 will also take back from last year when you take into account the timing that went into Q3 still pretty much what we planned and then flowing through that early about $1.05 from Q3 for the full year is just in a reflection of how well our setup was for Q3 and the execution on our Q3.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think the other thing Sam too, talking just about the strategy how HOKA did, I think that further shows kind of how the strategy and the marketplace approach, not only with UGG but HOKA is working to.
Steve Fasching: And the other piece to remember on that is in December last year DTC had an exceptional last couple of weeks in the quarter driven by cold weather that came late. We were unable to capitalize on that in wholesale but we were able to capitalize it on -- in DTC. We didn't have that same dynamic this year. And we've made the decision to not be as promotionally DTC this quarter. 
Steve Fasching: Yes, we don't normally break that out. But I can kind of directionally tell you. So total company was down 14% so ended the quarter at 342 that compared to 396 a year ago. The UGG inventory was down more than the company average. So UGG inventory down more than the 14%. And HOKA as we gear up for spring/summer and we have some new category introductions coming we brought inventory in earlier. That was actually up year-on-year. 
Steve Fasching: And then just kind of on the amount Dana, you know, what we said in the prepared remarks with -- we think the less promotional activity contributed about $15 million. We think in the quarter that a little below kind of 200 basis points of improvement on the gross margin. As we kind of then extrapolate that out, that's not something we would necessarily plan kind of for next year. So when I talked about my one-time adjustment, we think for the year, it's probably worth of 100 to 150 basis points that we picked up, which is really combination of better full price sell-through as well as some of the airfreight benefits that we received last quarter that we're looking out forward giving guidance. But we think we benefited in the current year probably around 100 to 150 basis points that we wouldn't necessarily figure into next year. Doesn't mean it couldn't repeat, but we wouldn't figure it next year.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So again we are -- as we indicated, we're not completely through all of the COG savings in our original plan that we articulated kind of two years ago. So we do think there is some smaller incremental improvement that still to come next year. So while there will be -- we wouldn't factor in these one-time benefits that we saw this year. There will be a bit of a setback, but there will be smaller not like what you've seen kind of in the last two years in terms of gross margin improvements. But there is still some opportunity for a little bit more improvement.
Steve Fasching: Again, the way we're looking at it and we haven't given guidance. But we think, as Dave mentioned, there is more top line growth. We think through kind of disciplined management of SG&A that we can achieve leverage. It doesn't necessarily mean it's going down, but there can be some offsetting savings as we look out to next year.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. We're continuing to make progress on operationalizing our fleet and improving store performance both on -- more so on improving the operating contribution that fleet and the teams have made great progress there. We've been doing a lot of renegotiating of leases when leases come up and that has allowed us to keep some stores open when we may have had them on the closure list. So it's one of the things we're continuing to evaluate. Part of that optimization is continuing to optimize labor, elevating the presentation and storytelling and store getting new categories to activate such as men’s and lifestyle, improving merchandising and renegotiating leases. So -- we're moving away from setting a target of stores out there. But I think the goal is to make sure the overall fleet is hitting our internal operating margin metrics that we've established and the teams are making good progress on that and it something we're going to evaluate as part of our overall strategy. 
Steve Fasching: Yes, and I think, Chris just to add on that. You know what we've talked about. It really is kind of execution and everything we've been talking about kind of especially for the last year and kind of two years figure. What we intended and I think what we've successfully executed was really a strong allocation and segmentation strategy this year. And the idea was it was going to put some pressure on growth for UGG. We knew that. That's kind of the way we laid it out. The quarter played out a little bit better. But with that strategy in place what it did do was build sales in other categories as Dave mentioned. And so now going forward we are building off that base. So you're going to start to see that growth kind of coming next year. 
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think it's our responsibility to do that going forward for the long-term health of the brand and the business with sustainable healthy growth. We proven that we have growth drivers and opportunities in HOKA and UGG men's and non-core category products in women. Spring and summer is continues to be opportunity for us. We had a great meeting earlier this week about segmenting our marketing spend going forward differently by quarter, and allocating against a different categories globally. And I think with additional marketing efforts targeted against the right consumer there we can continue to drive growth in the UGG brand. In addition to that I think we have some investments to make in IT and digital marketing. And so we're going to balance the spend and the operating margin improvements over the next three to five years to be focused on healthy sustainable growth by returning good value back to shareholders, and we think we're in a great position to start doing that.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it. You know in the past we've used airfreight to compensate for poor planning our inventory management. I think we've addressed all that. And going forward we're going to use it more strategically to chase businesses fast-tracking product and getting after opportunities that arise in the quarter.
