Thomas A. George: Thanks, Dave. As Linda reminded everyone at the beginning of the call, we posted a quarterly financials to our IR website, so my comments on the call are going to be brief and focused primarily on the guidance. We had a strong second quarter. We exceeded our revenue guidance by approximately $22 million and exceeded our EPS guidance by $0.19. The upside revenue was driven mostly by the timing of domestic and international wholesale sales, which shifted into the second quarter and out of the third quarter. The $0.19 EPS increase over guidance is due to the higher sales recorded in the quarter, combined with a shift to some planned marketing expenses to the third fiscal quarter. We plan to increase marketing expenditures in Q3 and Q4 to drive traffic to our brick-and-mortar locations and to our online sites. Based on the UGG brand's second fiscal quarter performance, strong backlog and E-Commerce trends, we are raising our full year outlook. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, we now anticipate revenue to increase approximately 15% to $1.825 billion up from the previous guidance of 14%. UGG brand revenue is now projected to increase approximately 14% versus our prior expectation of approximately 12%. Diluted earnings per share is now expected to increase approximately 15.8% to $4.71, up from our previous guidance of 14.5% growth. This guidance assumes a gross profit margin of approximately 49%, and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 36%, and an operating margin of approximately 13%. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance assumes that the company's effective tax rate will be approximately 29%. Wholesale and distributor sales for all brands were still projected to be at low double digits in fiscal 2015, driven by our Germany conversion, a high single digit increase in UGG domestic sales and continued growth of the HOKA brand. For our DTC channel, our overall sales projections have increased slightly due to the stronger E-Commerce trends for the UGG brand, which are being partially offset by lower store count projections of flat to down slightly. We are now planning for the addition of approximately 30 new stores this fiscal year as we shifted some of our planned concept stores in China to partner stores. For the third quarter of fiscal 2015 ending December 31, 2014, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 10% compared to the same period in the prior year, and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 10% to $4.46 per share compared to the same period in the prior year. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 ending March 31, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 10% compared to the same period in the prior year, and we expect diluted earnings per share of $0.15 per share compared to a loss per share of $0.08 for the same period in the prior year. Finally, we recently completed our sheepskin negotiations for fall 2015 and spring 2016. Lower sheepskin costs per square foot and lower cost to produce UGG Pure, along with higher UGG Pure usage, will result in a mid-single digit decrease compared to the last year. This benefit will partially be offset by higher prices for other raw materials, mainly leather, and an expect the carryover of sheepskin inventory at higher prices. Based on these factors, we believe this will contribute roughly a 40 to 50 basis point improvement in fiscal year 2016 gross margins, overprojected fiscal year 2015 levels. Lastly, we want to let everybody know that we will be hosting our first Investor and Analyst Day at our new headquarters on June 18, 2015. I'll now turn it back over to Angel for the closing comments.
Thomas A. George: Yes. So Bob, it was some shifting of some revenues from the third quarter in to the second quarter. And if you look at -- to give you a couple of answers to this. So a $22 million revenue beat and about $15 million, $16 million of that roughly was related to the wholesale business and had equated to about 2/3 of the EPS beat. Then the balance was -- and the balance of the beat, about 1/3 of the EPS beat, was due to the expenses, and that's about $4 million of marketing kind of expenses.
Thomas A. George: Sure. So to address the comp issues, one of the things that happened this quarter is that the summer selling season extended. So what happened with regards to the AUR and our average transactions in our stores is the consumers were coming in and they were purchasing, our conversion was up 15% globally in our retail stores. But what they were purchasing was sneakers, summer casuals, more transitional product versus last year. At that time, they were purchasing more boots. And so what we've seen is the weather has impact traffic in places like Europe and Eastern United States, and has delayed the fall selling season a little bit. In markets where the weather has cooperated, it has been a little bit stronger. In other regions, we have seen much better comp results. And so our expectations for going forward is that when that kicks in and our selling season kicks in, the mix of product will shift away from that summer casual transitional sneaker business into our core competencies of boots, winter product going into the holiday season. That will help dramatically in our AUR, which will increase. We're estimating about 5% increase in our average transaction price from Q2.
Thomas A. George: Yes. Regarding the first question, we feel really pleased where the quarter ended up. We described all those drivers. And regarding our wholesale and our distributor business for the year, the entire company, we talked about low double digits. UGG would be lower than that because we've got some strong double digit growth with Sanuk, Teva and HOKA.
Thomas A. George: Yes. I think, Sam, good -- that is a little bit more sheepskin and a little bit more benefit in the quarter from the Germany conversion than we originally anticipated.
Thomas A. George: Currencies for this quarter had not much impact below both the top line and the bottom line. Between -- we've got business in with the euro, with the pound, with the Japanese yen. They sort of balanced out relative to the prior year. And we also have some natural hedges with the operating expenses there, so the net impact on earnings per share was relatively small, albeit, a little bit positive relative to the prior year. I think we did breakout the brick-and-mortar comp. It was in the press release. That was negative 8% -- 8.8%.
Thomas A. George: I'll answer the wholesale question, Eric. The shift is timing. The Customers wanted it earlier so they had an opportunity to get it on the shelf and it can turn more, and therefore, it does have the opportunity to produce more reorders if that were to occur.
Thomas A. George: Well I can -- let me just start with that last question. The consumer -- right now, I'd say that there's a lot of pressure on consumers and so many things happening in the -- not only the macro environment in Europe, but certainly, people being nervous about various scares that are being put out in front of them from Ebola to whatever else. We're seeing some positive signs around our products. Our brands continue to be in high demand. We're seeing great initial read on our new products for this fall. We think that the diversified product offering has made a huge difference for us. We're being cautious, however, in understanding that consumers are probably going to be out there a little later than normal. That would be my guess. We've also noticed in the last few years that colder weather seems to come a little later than it has in the past, and I think that, that's informing some of, I think, our retailers, in terms of when they want products. They want to measure they're covered early in the season and they want to make sure that we can support them if we get like we had last year, a very extended selling season that goes into what was our Q1 last year would be Q4 this year. So -- and we're in good position around classic product for those kind of fill-ins, and that's really how we build our fill-in inventory. We don't fill in product that is strictly, say, fashion and very seasonable. Those very limited fill-in opportunities on those, but our strength is slippers and classic. We're in good shape on those and we historically have been able to meet retailers' needs what will now be -- and what will now be the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Yes. The other thing I've mentioned there is that for the fourth quarter of this year, we are in a much better inventory position with winter product. Last year, we saw high sell-throughs and we ran out of product last year going into February. This year, we're in a much better position with winter product and also spring-relevant product, which is waterproof and water resistant sheepskin at the same time as well as new transitional boots that will bring us into the early spring season.
Thomas A. George: On the port strike, you're right. We did, in anticipation of the strike, we did bring -- look at what was due, brought in about $17 million, $18 million of inventory last quarter. We still consistently, and constantly evaluate that and keep an eye on that, so most of it is here. So there's not much risk there at all.
Thomas A. George: Chris, on the gross margin, the fourth quarter, there'll be modest gross margin expansion -- a good gross margin expansion in the third quarter. From an SG&A growth perspective, the third quarter has more SG&A growth relative to the fourth quarter. Third quarter is more marketing, more stores. In the fourth quarter, there's mid-single digit kind of SG&A growth. That's because the prior year, there was significant amount of expenses in the fourth quarter as we close the year off that at this point in time, the way we're guiding won't necessarily recur this fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Jim, relative to the margin, the difference there is the quarter we just completed was a big quarter for Germany and the conversion had a significant impact, whereas the subsequent quarter, it's not as big a quarter for Germany. It doesn't have the same impact.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Danielle, great question. We see this pop-up as a test this year. We see this as a potential, great long-term strategy for our Omni-Channel network. We opened up a store in Square One mall, that's outside of Toronto. It's a 6-month lease. And the way we look at this is it's an opportunity for us to get into underpenetrated markets, locations where we either want to test to see if it is viable for a long-term lease for a store, or to just take advantage of the peak-selling season. It's great because it's a low buildout costs for us. It's in our core selling season so we optimized profitability, and there's a healthy return on those sales over the 6-month period, so it's a test right now. Initial results in the Square One mall has been very strong ahead of plan, which is encouraging. And then actually, just today, we opened up our second pop-up in the U.S. in the Walt Whitman center in Long Island, which is a lounge-focused store concept, which showcases all the lounge in home products and slippers. And so we think that this is a great test that will enable us to be much more flexible in the future , expand our footprint in a more cautious way in some of the locations where we want to test. And we're also doing this internationally as well. So the hope is that we learn from this. There's a successful model here that we continue to work on, and we use this next fall in a more aggressive manner.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, the changes taking place in the retail environment are nothing short of dramatic. The consumer is now completely in charge and is dictating what distribution models will work and what models will fail at a rapid pace. The days of visiting the mall to peruse and shop have changed and are evolving. Now it's all about building strong brands and creating access to products through integrated, multichannel distribution platforms that make it as convenient as possible for consumers to review and purchase the products they want. And we believe that the investments we're making to further develop and strengthen our brands, to build our DTC footprint and evolve our Omni-Channel strategy are driven by this dynamic. The consumers at the center of everything we do, and we believe our efforts to date are in fact positively transforming our growth trajectory. We're better connecting with and serving consumers on their terms. The recent change in our corporate identity, the Deckers brands, reflects our successful transition from a domestic footwear wholesaler into a global, multi-brand operator. It also encompasses the dynamic nature of our company. Our talented employees, the breadth of our quality, innovative products and our commitment to providing consumers with seamless shopping experiences. Not too long ago, we were facing an increasingly volatile market for sheepskin that was impacting our margins. We address this challenge head on through the rapid development and rollout of UGG Pure, which allowed us to strengthen our footing significantly in negotiating and stabilizing prices. At the same time, UGG Pure has allowed us to expand our product line and diversify into new categories, supporting our ability to deliver robust growth in a less than perfect environment. The development of this initiative and this innovative new material speaks of the nimbleness and the adaptability of this organization. It gives me great confidence that we can continue to stay ahead of the pack as the global marketplace continues to evolve. As a whole, the industry is seeing traffic declines and macro shifts. We believe that our Omni-Channel approach will put us in the optimal position to address these macro shifts in the retail environment. We plan to continue to learn and adapt our strategy as necessary to address these issues in real-time. Going into our peak selling season, we believe that we can continue to drive strong sales and earnings growth, notwithstanding a mixed macroeconomic backdrop and continued pressure on the consumer. We believe we're making the right choices and making the necessary investments in our business to not only adjust to how consumers shop today, but to thrive in this continually challenging global retail environment. But we can never rest, and along the way, we'll continue to refine our strategy and stay ahead of the curve with a goal of ensuring that we maximize our results for the benefit of our shareholders, while supporting the long-term growth of our brands. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Angel R. Martinez: Hi, Camilo. Yes, we've had good sell-through so far on the fashion styles, so -- which, I think, has given people a lot of confidence. There was also, as we went into the season, pretty low inventories on products. I think retailers last year were cut short of inventory, so we've had people really step up in anticipation of normalized selling. Wanting to make sure they're not caught like they were last year. And the other component is the sell-through of a lot of the new styles and classic derivatives, for example. I think that, that's been very well received. It was -- it's sold in very well. There's a lot of anticipation in the early response that, that's going to perform, and again, people want to make sure they're covered with inventory.
Angel R. Martinez: So maybe tackle some of those. The first one, inventory in the channel. Inventory in the channel is very good. We feel really good about where that is. We always have a close collaboration with our wholesale customers on that, so we feel very good where that's at. Gross margin sheepskin, I think, those are our best estimates at this point in time based on the negotiation and the elements we talked about in the call. I think we feel really good about what we've accomplished there with UGG Pure and our ability to stabilize our largest commodity cost and continued -- we're on track from a strategy point of view, utilizing UGG Pure and we continue to see the benefit of that. Leather didn't help, but the good news, we had benefit from UGG Pure usage and sheepskin contracts that could help offset off that as well, so we feel really good where that's at. Go ahead -- and regarding the SG&A leverage, yes, that's certainly still the plan. We expect to gain leverage next year. I think you see this performance as well as some of our guidance here, we've done very well starting to eat into that ability to gain leverage. That said, with the opportunity we have with all our brands in this Omni-Channel strategy, we're going to make the appropriate investments to drive a much bigger company here.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think we'll continue to do what we've been doing, and that is to build on categories of product that we know we can successfully exploit. Meaning that we saw fashion boots as an opportunity, we clearly saw an entry point with UGG Pure that allowed us to really develop the kind of product that we knew we needed, and we will continue to evolve that. Twinsole on the men's side has been a very important use of UGG Pure, we'll continue to drive that. We think there's categorization opportunity there. Our slipper business continues to evolve very, very nicely. It's very diversified now compared to what it used to be. As you saw, we also have some new product coming out, and again, if you haven't seen it, you'll see it during Fannie. And tread light, which is a very light, it's this R-Mat material that, a version of, which is used for HOKA. Extremely comfortable, easy to wear product that sort of partners with our slipper concept, but is from our streetwear. So again -- and then the other thing is that the continued what we call the UGG classic derivatives, which are always a fun place for color and materials and doing things that round out the full assortment. So I think that the -- it's hard to even explain how much of a liberating component UGG Pure has been to the design team and the ability for us to really see no limitation and the kind of product we can create and the categories of product that are now available to us without having a product look distorted because of the thickness of the shearling. And I think that, that's really been super important for the brand.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Eric. With regards to the E-Comm, I'm certain that there is some cannibalization to our stores. I think we're seeing that in the marketplace, the consumer is shopping more online, they're starting online before they go to stores. So I think there is an element of that, that's happening to everybody and certain embedded in our numbers as well. What we are seeing though, which is a very positive sign, is how stores are fueling E-Commerce in some regards as well. Like I mentioned in the script, in locations where we've opened new stores, we've seen increased penetration in traffic and conversion and sales on our E-Commerce site from those locations. And at the same time, we're driving incremental sales to E-Commerce sites through Internet UGG, which is sales that we wouldn't have had if we had -- not have a store there. So it's like we said on our last call, the 2 concepts are feeding each other. E-Commerce is feeding stores and stores are feeding E-Commerce, and I think that's going to continue. And our model is gearing us up to be ready for that changes in the marketplace and the consumer shopping behavior, which I think will benefit us in the long-term. With regards to Europe, it really comes down to the fact that September was 10 degrees warmer this year than it was last year, and that's had an impact on the total market. I was speaking to our Head of our Wholesale business in EMEA just this morning, and he said that the entire footwear market suffered from that affect. Doesn't give us a huge amount of concern going forward. I know that when the weather shifts, we'll be ready for it, both in wholesale and DTC. But with regards to DTC, our E-Commerce business continues to be strong and we're still slowly getting back into the retail game over there. But our focus will be on Germany for stores next year. Outside of that, I don't see a lot of new retail locations in Europe other than just Germany for next year.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. As far as UGG Pure, we've had 0 pushback from consumers. It's been extremely well-received. What we did upfront, as we said, it has to be indiscernible in terms of consumer value and what it delivers from a field point of view, and we've achieved that. It is 100% virgin wool, so really, nothing is different in terms of what's contacting your skin. It's just that the method of production has changed and obviously benefited us. In terms of I Heart UGG, as we've said, that was a test and that is a test. This fall season, we're satisfied with the performance. As you know, it was limited distribution. We are still waiting for our primary selling season to kick in, for the colder weather to come, and that's when we'll see where we stand on that product. We have, however, continued to evolve that product line. We'll be introducing some for spring, some new product, and sneakers and accessories, which are very compelling. And all the key price points are met. And so we're going to see how this test goes here in this next quarter and we're able to react accordingly. So -- but so far, so good. We're feeling pretty good about it at this point.
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. I think we talked about this a little bit on the last call. Europe presents a pretty dramatic opportunity for us, not only for the UGG brand, but also Teva and HOKA. From an Omni-Channel perspective with regards to UGG, we see still strong opportunity in E-Commerce and retail stores. We just opened our Germany site, and our Italy site for E-Commerce, that's going to provide some long-term growth for us and better connection to our customers. Germany presents the biggest opportunity right now that's in front of us after having just flip that to a sub. And we'll continue to look at other markets down the road as time evolve and those markets evolve to see if there's other opportunities for that. So the brand is strong right now in Europe, and I think we've got to elevate our game with regards to an Omni-Channel presentation, both in wholesale and retail, which will drive incremental growth. But then the market transition of Germany will provide the biggest upside there. In addition to that, we're also taking a serious look at our partner retail model over there, and I hope to be in a position in the next 6 months to be able to say we're going after that in a more aggressive manner with some key partners outside of Western Europe, where we can provide incremental growth in some of those emerging markets as well.
Angel R. Martinez: The only risk that we are anticipating there is that we may see a 7-day delay in some shipments if, in fact, the slowdown gets more aggressive, but other than that, I think we're in good shape from an inventory point of view. There should be no risk to what we're looking to ship in the quarter. As far as Ahnu goes, very exciting to see that product. We'll just now be showing it at the sales meeting coming up. It's a fall 2015 product offering. So it's too soon to tell, but we're very excited about the potential. The brand has many, many fans in the yoga world, and we think we've got some very innovative product to put forward. So stay tuned on that because we haven't even shown the product to our sales organization yet, so -- but there's a lot of excitement, I will say that.
Angel R. Martinez: As far as classic goes, it's still early. We know from patterns of past years that the classic business, especially as we've diversify the product offering, what we define as classic now versus a few years ago is a very, very broad assortment of product, including derivatives. So we're seeing great sell-through on classic derivatives right now. Those classic derivatives, by the way, feature many waterproof products, which if -- I think it's raining on the East Coast and we just happen to run some e-mails and media on our waterproof classic derivatives today. So the main season for core classic is now probably later than it used to be when that's all we had. So people are satiating their need for classic with a variety of other classics, and we expect that as the holidays get closer, the core classic will kick in as it typically has done along with slippers, sort of the tail end in the late Q3 and -- or rather late Q2 and Q3.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, operator. And thank you all for joining us on the call. Let me just say that we are confident in our strategy. We're confident in our execution. We know this is now pedal to the metal time as we move into our primary selling season. We're not taking anything for granted and we're certainly not letting any assumptions get in the way of our execution and our performance. We're driving to every opportunity that we see in the market around the world. So look forward to talking to you on the next call, and really appreciate your participation today. Thank you.
