Dave Powers: Yeah. It’s a good question, Camilo. I will try to answer as many of those details as I can. I think, what we have learned over the last couple of years is planning for what we would be in kind of a normalized winter and retail environment has served us well and we are going to continue on that strategy. That being said, if things are more favorable, we have the inventory in the right places to be able to capture that and then we also have some protection and the downside if we need to be a little bit more promotional. I think what you have seen in the guidance from an UGG perspective and in the margin where we put in roughly 100 basis points or 450 basis points decline versus last year, some of that is mitigating in case there is less unfavorable weather conditions. At the same time, the managed growth in North America will be continuing. It’s a healthy environment. It’s very healthy from an inventory standpoint and margins with healthy sell-throughs at wholesale and then our own DTC channels. At the same time we have work to do internationally and so what you are seeing us do for the U.K. market in particular is employ the same strategy that work in North America over the last couple of years, which is a really tightly controlled segmentation and allocation strategy to make sure that we are maintaining a healthy positioning in the market. The inventories are clean and we are segmenting the right product at the right level in each of the accounts in that market, and at the same time, investing in some additional marketing to improve brand health in that region. So, it’s a balance going into this year. The UGG brand is in great standing in North America with little bit work to do in the European market. But overall, we think this is a healthy projection looking into the end of the year with growth in the right categories, which are non-core women’s footwear and men’s, and we think that if there is a better than planned winter with regards to weather in the holiday season that will be well-positioned to capture that upside.
Dave Powers: Speaking to the other brands real quick, we are super excited about the opportunity that we have developed within the Koolaburra brand. Had an exceptional year last year just over the $40 million mark with high full price sales through and healthy margins and a profitable business for us. Retails we are very pleased and the order book as we saw or just heard for this fall is very healthy for that brand and we see it as an incremental sales to the UGG brand and new in distant channels from our distributor UGG. And obviously the growth, the exceptional result for HOKA. We see that continuing, but that’s in a very strategic and controlled manner built for the long-term health of the brand and really driving growth through the existing distribution both internationally and U.S., and then continuing to drive business and data capture to our e-commerce site.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I’d just add on to what Steve said. I do believe now is the right time to start investing. As you know, the last two years, three years, we have been working on infrastructure and efficiencies and operationalizing the business, improving SG&A as a percentage of total sales. In the meantime, we have been strengthening the brands and controlling our marketplace. And we believe based off the strength of new categories in UGG, the emergence of the men’s business and the strength of HOKA and the success we are seeing in digital marketing. Now, it’s the time to really start investing and so we want to make sure that we are feeling future growth for the out years. Now we continue this top tier performance both from an operating perspective, but also start returning to higher levels of growth and revenue.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think we delivered 6% the last two years in a row, which is better than we guided to and expected to do or plan to do, 45% this year as you heard, as we just walk you through make sense. I think mid single-digit to low -- high single-digit growth over the next three years is what we are aiming for and that’s why you are seeing the investment in the business this year.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I would also add onto that because you referenced prior years of low end $45 million and best-in-class kind of $50 million range. Also keep in mind that we have been working hard to balance and diversify the business. So if you think about the UGG business today, it’s much more balanced business with growth in new categories. In men’s we are less reliant on just one item and one category of classics. Although, that’s still important and we still have the improvements that you have seen over the last couple of years. But in the business mix which is becoming more important is HOKA, which has healthy margins. And over the coming years the growth in e-commerce is going to be a benefit to margin as well. So I think all those things considered as Steve just mentioned and the way we balance the business, the team has done a great job there, I think this is the right level.
Dave Powers: And you will see positive improvements from a unit perspective as a result of that, but obviously, the revenue hit is being overcome.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think some of the collaborations that you have seen, Engineered Garments and a few others, those have been successful at creating energy and excitement for the brand with a broader consumer base. And I think it’s important to keep in mind that, brands are seeking out HOKA, because they want to work with HOKA, because of its performance, provisioning and the authenticity in the running space. They will continue to do that in a very strategic and selective way. We are not looking to use collaborations as a huge revenue driver. I think that the brand is not in that situation right now. We still want to stay remain true to this core running, community and performance based authenticity of the brand. So we will use those and we will continue to do those at the high end of the distribution chain and using key partners to bring some of that product from a Lifestyle perspective to the marketplace, but the real focus remains on the Performance categories and continue expand that. Right now with your question on growth, we are seeing tremendous success with the current distribution strategy. We think that’s right and continuing that for the short-term at least through the next couple of years and really driving improvements in their e-commerce where we can continue to cultivate the life time value of that consumer. So we know there’s bigger opportunities out there in the big box and broader distribution. We are keeping an eye on that. But we think the right thing right now is to grow this brand strategically in a healthy way with high margins and high sell-through and create some demand and desire for the consumer versus blowing us out to a broader distribution at this time.
Dave Powers: Yeah. We have been working with the same partners over the last few years, strategically with a couple partners that can handle the complexity of the product and the improving innovation of the product over time and that relationship has been great and they have the ability to scale up as our business grows. They are seeing the potential of the HOKA brand. They are excited about it. They are willing to invest in additional sourcing of production facilities to do that and that’s one of the benefits of a strong platform at Deckers that we have great partners who see our potential and are willing to invest and grow with us over time. So that hasn’t surfaced as a concern from our supply chain teams and the brand, and I think, we are well-positioned to sustain this level of growth from a sourcing perspective.
Dave Powers: Yeah. It’s very much similar to what we did in the U.S. and we have been cultivating a little bit of some of the new distribution in the U.K. particularly following what we did with accounts like Foot Locker and Foot Action and in Urban Outfitters in North America. So we started some of that last year. I think the best way to think about it is, it requires a pull back of inventory in the marketplace that requires a repositioning of the classic -- core classic business in that marketplace through marketing PR in advance to highlight in a new way for that consumer and then segment product by accounts similar to what we did in North America. So we have an existing distribution network there that works very well for us, making sure that they are differentiated from some of the new accounts we are bringing on that are focused on a younger more sports style consumer and then augmenting that with the appropriate marketing in both those channels. In all honesty, we pull back on marketing a little bit last year in order to make sure that we are driving profitability in the right areas. Part of the reinvestment in marketing this year is focused on the U.K. marketplace in particular to bring back heat and energy to that business and then to take control distribution with the segment and offering is the formula that we are employing and has worked well in North America.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think as you saw, we grew 59% international last year in HOKA. It continues to be incredible upside in that market. There’s strength and momentum in the European market. We have healthy distribution there. The brand is in a premium positioning and selling through well and as we expand into new categories you are going to see continued growth in Europe. China is early, early days. We don’t have awareness there yet. We don’t have a direct business. We really established to go after that market in a healthy way yet. So that’s down the road. But we are seeing real strong success year-to-date or so far in Japan where the brand is very positioned very well and as you know seen as a really desirable performance running brand in that marketplace. So, I think, the mix, I will let Steve to speak the exact mix or what that business looks like today. But we do see international being a significant driver of growth going forward, inclusive of e-commerce in those markets as well.
Dave Powers: Yeah. That is embedded in the guidance a little bit of loss revenue as a result of store closures. There will be net-net more closures than openings in FY20 and we are having great e-commerce strength which is offset by a softness in retail stores. So you are seeing that in the guidance for DTC. We are continuing to optimize the retail fleet, getting to the right level of stores that we think is best for the brand and the business overall to cover that that touch point for the consumer. Retail will remain an important part of our strategy going forward, particularly as word showcasing additional categories in a global scale. So we are still in the optimization mode of the retail fleet. But I think we are making great progress, I know we are making great progress. What we need to focus now on going forward is improving the experience in the store, driving traffic and leveraging that to help drive the e-commerce business over time.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Happy to do that. So the biggest investment this year is around marketing. It’s a combination of really three things. One, is UGG to drive interest in growth in emerging categories, as well as I mentioned earlier, a little bit in the U.K. to reboot that market. HOKA is another beneficiary of invested dollars in marketing this year. We are seeing great return on ad spend in the HOKA brand, as well as creating awareness and buzz at a high level at the top of the funnel. We are going to continue to invest in that business, because we believe there’s potential -- tremendous potential upside for the brand and it’s all about getting shoes on feet, because we have learned that once you get a shoe the HOKA brand on someone they become consumers for a long time and then we can really build on that. So it’s a global approach for both of those brands are really driving awareness of new categories in HOKA for a long-term growth. In addition to that we are really focused on enhancing our digital marketing capabilities. We are adding some new capabilities this year around personalization for our consumers and our websites and social media. And then just better data and analytics capabilities from an IT perspective to be able to use some of those real time insights so we can make quicker more nimble decisions on marketing and product to market. So it’s a combination of those three areas from marketing and IT perspective, and then also investing on innovation across all of our brands. I think you saw the success of one of our most innovative products recently with just the Carbon X, a great example of how the innovation is working within the brands and feeling excitement and upside potential for all of our brands. We are continuing to invest in that area of the business as well.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think just to add on to that and kind of what you are alluding to Camilo. Is there upside and I think as Dave said, there is probably a little bit upside related to weather related to UGG, right? Because that’s where we are going to kind of see potential upside. With the segmentation and allocation strategy that we have been implementing in North America, as well as now Europe, that’s going to be somewhat limited in terms of what further upside there may be, because that’s a controlled strategy in terms of how we want to go. So I wouldn’t -- if weather conditions are similar to what we experienced in FY19, absolutely there’s upside from a revenue perspective and from a margin perspective. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we are not going to play into that. So always a little bit upside. But I’d say, as we have gotten more dialed in with our strategy and allocation and segmentation, not a lot, I would say, in terms of related to UGG. Pretty well as indicated by our backlog, we are booked for the season. So there is some kind of further upside. But to bring additional product well above that would be challenging. So, overall, a little bit but don’t go too crazy in terms of what you think that further upside could be.
Steve Fasching: Correct. There is a more promotional component factored in and that’s part of the gross margin take-back.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. It’s a good question. It’s one that we have talked a lot about. And I think, the way we have looked at it, part of delivering our plan a year ahead of schedule. We always had the investment in FY20 and that’s why we were able to bring through some of that additional profit. So as we were able to capture those savings and improvements in our business a year early, that’s why you are seeing that flow through really and the 16% operating margin. As we look going forward, we also recognize that we are delivering top tier performance among our peer group and to be competitive, we know we have to make these investments. So to sustainably drive topline growth, it’s important for us to put those investment dollars in, as Dave talked about, in marketing, in IT, in innovation to drive some of the product development that’s going to help us propel topline growth. So, as we look at it, what we are guiding and some of the factors, that 14.2% to 14.5% is a good number we believe for FY20. There might be a little bit of upside and that’s kind of how we are looking at the business. So part of this and over delivery is all related to the strategy and the timing of when we were going to make those investments. And so being able to capture that early in FY19 is what really drove us above what we would normally expect. Now as we get into kind of the strategy of investments, that’s why you are seeing that setback.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think one thing to note to Camilo is, as we look at the business, and I think, it’s important to call out that $15 million that we talked about where we shipped in Q4 versus Q1, really is up FY20 business. And so, if you were to equalize the two years, we would be showing more growth in FY20. So you would be removing that from the FY19 number and putting that $15 million in FY20. And what you would see is a shift and you would see growth in ‘20 over the growth that we showed in ‘19. So it gets a little skewed because of that early shipment. But what we are showing is growth year-on-year-on-year
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So I think when you look at the 51.5% that we delivered and FY19 and as we talked about, our ability to get to that level was really driven by a lot of the improvements that we have made in planning, supply chain efficiencies, the work that we have really been talking about really for the last two years. The additional components, the kind of the lift from what we are guiding FY22 -- to FY19, we will call kind of a better selling environment, cleaner channel inventory and the non-use of freight in FY19. So that kind of 100 basis points and 150 basis points setback we are seeing in FY20, are really those components that we do not expect to repeat themselves. They could, and if they do, we benefit from them, but from a more normalized, what we would say kind of operating mode. We think that 50%, 50.5% range is kind of the right range, which incorporates all the improvements that we have made and using some freight as we identify our products and try to bring them into market earlier. So we think there may be a slightly larger freight component and that’s part of also the set back. I think what’s also embedded and not clearly apparent in the guide is that, we have a currency fluctuation, which is a headwind in FY20 and we are largely overcoming that with kind of some continued improvement plans that we have for FY20. So we think that $50 million to $50.5 million in a normal operating year is kind of the right level based on all the work that we are doing in the last couple of years.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think just one other thing Jon, and I think, Dave, what he just said was kind of spot on. I think there one there’s always risk, right? You are never quite certain to what may happen with retail or other factors that may influence it. But I think one thing and it’s really demonstrated by our results coming out of this year is how well our brands have performed with retailers.
Steve Fasching: And I think that speaks to the strength of our brands in what we are doing. I think with our strong backlog, it’s showing a commitment on the part of our sale partners and their commitment to our brands that we are resonating with consumers and our products are selling through well and that’s further demonstrated really by the clean inventory.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. In terms of switching, we have -- we didn’t give that number out, it’s probably about I would say kind of $5-ish million.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. it’s -- so it’s important I would say to the brand and they are overcoming that with what we are providing in our guidance. And so that’s why kind of again on the surface what might not look like significant growth. The brand is still growing because they are overcoming really that switch.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I mean, roughly on the mix, it’s about two-thirds kind of domestic, one-third international at this point, with both areas still growing…
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So we don’t include any share repurchase in our agreement. As you know, we have recently expanded it in January to $350 million. We still view share repurchase as a great way to drive value back to our shareholders. We have been more aggressive as of late, really over the last two years. We think the $350 million gives us further opportunity. We don’t comment specifically on when to repurchase, but again see it as a great way.
