Dave Powers: Yes, this is Dave. It's a great question. First of all, I want to recognize the momentum that you called out, but the UGG brand experience in Q2, the team did a phenomenal job of recognizing the opportunity earlier in the year, capturing demand that we left on the table last year, cleaning up the marketplace, putting some exciting activations in place with Cardi B and other influential partners for that brand. And the buzz is something that, in my experience at the company, I had never witnessed before, it's palpable. The full-price sell through, the health of the marketplace, the teams just collectively have done an amazing job across the globe to set this brand up for success. And we're really excited that we were able to capture some demand early in the season before holiday shopping and before the potential slowdowns in the marketplace. So, we're set up incredibly well. We're optimistic that this is going to continue for us throughout the year. We're mindful of the fact that this could be a challenging marketplace, so we're not naïve to that fact, but we are prepared for it. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, some of the key styles that we put into the marketplace this year have sold out or sold very well so far. We are in a bit of a chase mode in some of those styles. But I think, across the board, we feel really confident that we have a breadth of product across many silhouettes that are performing well. We have inventory in the right places, a little bit lean in some but we're going to react and chase those. We've eliminated a lot of noise in the assortment in the marketplace. We have incredibly powerful campaigns and activations across the franchises in the brand. We have an exciting new launch of UGGextreme, which is a winter lifestyle collection that we're going to start investing in, in a deeper way. And we have great relationships with our wholesale partners. They need us, especially in this environment. And we want to stay about the promotional marketplace, so we don't want to get caught up in that. We want to maintain a healthy and clean marketplace and continue to drive real strength through our DTC channel. And that's our strategy, and it's working well so far. We're really excited how the fall season has kicked off, and we feel really good about how it's going to continue.
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll let Steve get into the details, but the top four things that we're investing in, which is similar to what we talked about earlier in the year, which is important for us to maintain this level of growth going forward and to be able to continue to grow these brands is really around people, talent, and culture. We're big believers that our culture is one of our secret sauce component, so to speak, and that we have incredibly motivated and collaborative teams that are fired up to win. We're continuing to invest in innovation. We have a powerful innovation pipeline that we want to continue to bolster that supports all of our brands. Systems and data, I don't think there's a company out there right now that feels good about their systems and data, where they're at. We're not alone there. We have some work to do there, but we want to be providing our teams with the right level of visibility so they can run their businesses effectively and leverage AI technologies coming down the pike and then continue to heavily invest in marketing. We feel that, in a constrained environment and a lot of other peers are struggling with inventory and promotions and lower margins, with our profile right now, we have an opportunity to continue to take share in this environment, and we're going to stay aggressive with marketing dollars to do that.
Dave Powers: Yes. And the last thing I would add on that, as you guys know, we've worked hard to ensure that more of our SG&A is variable versus fixed, and so we maintain a pretty agile, flexible model should we need to cut back on some of those things in the second-half of the year.
Dave Powers: Yes, great question. I'm glad you asked that. So, to put a little bit color on how we're thinking about the launches in the second-half in the year, we're strategically pushing launches into the Q4 timeframe. That's when we really get into the beginning of the spring/summer season, when running starts to kick in again. Traditionally, the holiday season is kind of less exciting, so to speak, still a lot of volume to do. But we want to make sure that we come out really powerfully at the beginning of spring, next year in our Q4 timeframe. It also allows us to stay out of the fray of the promotional marketplace in Q3. So, we're anticipating that, particularly in the athletic space where there's a lot of situations where it's over-inventoried with a lot of inventory in the channel and the slowdown of the marketplace, we feel we're better to stay above the fray, so to speak. I don't want to launch two of our major innovation launches coming in Q4 in Q3 when there's a lot of markdowns and promotions going on. So, the teams have strategically decided to push those launches to Q4. I can tell you the innovation that's coming out in two of our launches are incredibly exciting. And then we'll address how the oversized trends are evolving for us. And we're taking that very seriously. We don't want to lose that dominant position in the category that we created. There is a lot of activity, obviously, from competitive brands going in that direction, some good, some bad. But the bottom line is we're not as differentiated as we were three or four years ago with that type of profile. But our technology, our focus on materials and geometry, product testing, new use of plates, different foams, different compounds, et cetera, continues to be at the forefront of everything we do. But we are addressing the fact people may want a little bit of low profile, they want different uses for their product. We think there's a tremendous opportunity in trail and hike, we're going to go heavy after that. We have a dominant position in that already. So, it's top of mind for the teams. I think Stefano, as the interim president of the HOKA brand, with the brand leadership team, has done an exceptional job of fast-tracking our innovation pipeline, and we're excited to unveil some of those new concepts coming up in Q4.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think the team here is really maintaining a healthy marketplace for the HOKA brand. And listen, HOKA is having an exceptional year. You saw the results in the first-half of the year. On a promotion event or level, we were dominant at the UTMB event this year. In Chamonix, France, our athlete won the race, first American male winner ever in that contest. Two weeks later, our athlete won the Ironman Championship in Nice, France. Actually just today, it was announced by Footwear News that HOKA is the brand of the year. You're seeing the increases in awareness in acquisition from our consumers. Our full-price selling is exceptional. We're still dominant in the run specialty channel. We've got tons of momentum here, and we want to make sure that it doesn't get ahead of us, and that we manage the marketplace effectively to continue to drive strength in DTC. And I think the strategy that the teams have laid out and the cadence of product introductions and innovation is spot on. So, a lot of reasons to be excited, but the same time we're not naïve to the fact that this sector is having some challenges right now. And Q3, as people are talking about the fact that it may be really tough, we haven't quite seen that just yet. But again, it's a sector economic issue that we're going to pay close attention to, but we want to maintain scarcity in the marketplace, full-price sell-through, and keep this brand moving in a healthy pace.
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll talk about that one. So, I think one thing I think is important to clarify is if you go back three or four years and you look at the UGG brand and what drove the business, it was really one of two styles. It was all basically Classic, Short, Mini. And outside of Classic, we had varying degrees of success with other styles. If you go back seven, eight years, it was the Bailey Bow and Bailey Button. But we were more, quite honestly, of a one trick pony in those days. The way the brand has evolved, the assortment is we have now five to six top-selling franchises. We look at the Tasman, the Taz platform, the Ultra Mini, the Ultra Mini platform, some of the styles like the Classic Dipper. There's a lot more assortment and variation in styles and heights and platforms, et cetera to choose from. And the good news is that they're all resonating very well. And we have a good early reads on things like UGG weather styles, the Neumel Weather and the Classic Weather program. And at the same time, the team has edited the line by about 30% versus prior years. So you have inventory that we can put, traditionally went into lower-selling styles. We put that inventory into the Top 5 to 10 styles this year. With Anne's help on getting the team's focus and putting more emphasis behind these key styles from a marketing perspective, we've also been able to put more depth in those styles and inventory. Now a couple of them, we are selling faster than expected due to the earlier demand but the teams have reacted quickly. We have the ability to chase some inventory, not a ton, but I think you know going into the back end of December will be in good shape on some of these key styles. So we feel like we have the inventory to do what we need to do. It's not a bad thing to leave a little bit of demand on the table if that's the case. And at the same time we have a very exciting launch with UGG Weather Extreme, the UGGextreme collection coming in which is a new category of focus for us going forward. So I think we're in pretty good shape. We have the inventory in the right styles which we didn't last year and I think we've done a great job of adjusting and cleaning up the assortment and putting more power across the five to 10 styles that are really driving the growth.
Dave Powers: Yes, and I think what is still to be determined is how much of the upside in we captured in Q2 was just earlier demand or brand heat that will continue through Q3. And so either way, I think we're positioned well, depending on how the market moves. But at this point, the demand seems strong and healthy, and we think it should continue. But as we said, we're heading into an unknown macro environment that's hard to say what it's going to look like. But we're optimistic that some of that demand was brand heat that will continue through Q3.
Dave Powers: Yes, so Sam, it's a good question. And there's kind of different ways to look at it. So, I think, as I said, and Dave has said, we haven't changed the way we're looking at HOKA for the year. So, I think kind of that's most important. Remember, the underlying fundamentals of that is a very controlled wholesale marketplace, right? And so, as we think about Q3, as Dave talked about, we are controlling wholesale in that Q3 period, because we want the market to be seen as we're launching some new product in Q4. So, I think that's an important underlying. The other then is, remember, we had very large DTC comps a year ago. So, when you're looking at some of those -- our DTC comps last year, Q3 was 107. I think Q4 was like 97%. So, we're coming off of very big growth quarters a year ago. So, that's the other thing to consider, right, as we're talking about this. So, there's growth. Then the other thing, I think, to take into account is what we've said about full-year growth. So, as we've said full-year growth, our first-half has exceeded that average full-year growth guide number, which means, by definition, the second-half is going to be a little bit lower, because we're controlling, again, that wholesale component of the marketplace. This is part of our strategy. Now, as we talk and some of our partners have discussed, there will be some wholesale expansion at the end of our Q4, right? So, that won't necessarily get captured in our back half, but it's a setup for next year. So, again, everything is playing out like we've said. The brand continues to perform very well, and I think there are some dynamics that are in there that are important to understand, but most importantly is the brand continues to perform very well.
Dave Powers: Yes, and the last thing I would add to that is last year, we were opening new doors in Q3. So, there was some door expansion, and so the setup quantities led to some of the growth in those doors. This year, we're still maintaining a net neutral through Q3 on door growth. So, comping that door growth last year could have a little bit of an impact on the wholesale performance, too.
Dave Powers: Yes, so we can validate that number. I don't know that it was exactly 44%, but the bottom line is that we are very excited about the growth that we experienced internationally. That's been a focus of ours for across all of our brands. The international teams are doing a tremendous job by creating brand heat in that marketplace and then also managing the marketplace effectively across DTC and wholesale. The real strength of the growth that we saw in Q2 is really DTC-led, particularly in Europe, exceptional results. Now, smaller percent of our total business, but we think that speaks to the health of the brand and the demand for that consumer as we're investing in more marketing in the region. The events that we mentioned, UTMB and the Ironman, were held in Europe, so there's a lot of buzz around the brand there. And we're just getting better at managing that brand from a DTC perspective, investing in that team and the capabilities over there. So really, the growth is being driven primarily by the DTC channel. Wholesale is still strong, but as we said, in the U.S., we're managing that tightly to create the excitement and the awareness, but still really ultimately drive the business to DTC, and that's a formula we're going to continue to lean on going forward. What was the other question? It was the third question. Over to Steve there.
Dave Powers: Yes, and the new store we opened in Covent Garden in London is off to a great start, and we're seeing that formula play out, which is a mix of performance and everyday runners and lifestyle driving the results there. A lot of tourists experience the brand for the first time, and our stores, our own stores and our partner stores in China continue to perform well also.
Dave Powers: Yes, they're really two separate events. It's not that Sanuk was holding us back from building and launching a new brand, so we look at these separately as just fine tuning our model, just to speak to the Sanuk decision for a second, I'm really proud of how the teams have managed this brand over the last few years from a marketplace management standpoint, and the product right now is very, very strong. But what we've realized is that the journey to scale that brand so that it's meaningful in our portfolio is just too long. There's other things that we think we can invest in, and we think that this is a brand that the consumers love, it deserves a good home, and somebody who can is a priority for them versus a fourth or fifth brand in our portfolio. So it's a tough decision emotionally and financially, but I think it's the best thing for the company and the brand to do this. With regards to the new brand we're working on, I don't want to give away too much to our competition, but we're excited, we're going to be taking the best of HOKA and UGG and all the learnings we have from those two brands and creating what we're calling a super sneaker brand across various categories. We have the distribution channels, we have the DTC network, we have a lot of leverage in the marketplace and some really innovative, exciting products. It'll be a long haul, but we think this is a space that is emerging and that we want to make sure that we have some skin in the sneaker game going forward beyond HOKA. And then as far as M&A goes listen, we have enough organic growth here in our portfolio for the next foreseeable future in years. We're always keeping our eyes on it. We've looked at a lot of opportunities and with regards to what it would do for our company financially and workload and disruption, nothing has come across our desk that we're excited about yet, but it's always top of mind for us and we're continuing to look, but we think listen, we have Teva that has opportunity down the road and we think we can create a new brand and launch that and see if we can make some exciting inroads with both those brands while we focus our real efforts and attention on UGG and HOKA.
Dave Powers: Yes, good question. So, HOKA Performance, new doors that we have opened up are performing very, very well. I was talking to Stefano, who's overseeing that brand, right now the new doors that we've opened over the last year, new accounts, all performing very well. High level of full-price sales, strong turns, scaling market share, run specialty stores where we have a number one position there that we're fighting every day to maintain and we want to build out in that position. But new doors and Foot Locker and DICK's and JD, et cetera. They want more. So that's a good sign. And the way that we're performing those doors is right in line with what we would have hoped would happen. But we're managing it tightly as we have been doing so that we maintain full-price selling at healthy turns and gross margins for our partners. It's a good question on the type of consumer, Foot Locker, as an example was a strategic play, not just from a volume play, but also strategic to reach a younger lifestyle consumer, both male and female. And we're seeing that happen. I think some of the success in Q2 was probably back-to-school business that we hadn't really realized before. And with our focus on 18 to 34-year old consumers and college athletes, we're seeing that pay off. And so it's exciting to see high school athletes and college athletes and beyond gravitating to our brand, going to those doors, looking for the brand, making the choice of HOKA over a traditional Nike Dunk or Air Force 1. That's super exciting. We're going to keep a close eye on that because we don't want that to be a big spike and then go away. So we need to manage that tightly and the lifestyle teams are all over that and working with our accounts to make sure that it's a healthy business for the long-term. And then on UGG International, similar to what Steve was saying in HOKA, UGG is an international, particularly in Europe, is at the point where UGG was a couple of years ago, really healthy, strong growth. They've been working hard on local marketing activations and leveraging PR in the region. And the new product is resonating extremely well across the board, but particularly with younger consumers there. And it's really exciting to see. And we haven't been in this position in Europe quite some time, but the momentum is real. The brand heat is improving. The level of acquisition and consideration for our consumers are all heading in the right direction. So we think this is an opportunity to build on this, particularly in the U.K. and Germany, our two biggest markets and we're going to continue to play this playbook out and get more aggressive with marketing activations in the region.
Steve Fasching: Yes, John, this is Steve. I think just to kind of further on Dave's comment, what we've said now for a number of years is that, I think, one, we're very well financially disciplined as an organization, and we're very careful about where we're placing investments. And I think an indication of that is the increase in the operating margin that we're now guiding to. And so I think we're taking these times of performance and using that to invest in the business. And that's what we've been saying for the past few quarters, is that trust us, we're going to make the investments in the right places. We know that sales have been outpacing what we originally thought. And so, we are making the proper investments, as Dave said, in the business that continue to drive these levels of sales. I think we're demonstrating marketplace management, disciplined investment approach, and that's the way we're operating, and even with that increased investment, leveraging some of the increase in the gross margins to lift our profitability for the year. So, we're doing it in a very strategic, thoughtful, disciplined way.
Steve Fasching: Yes, and I think, Jon, just to add on that, is this aligns with the strategy that we've laid out. So, this is not a change as we've said, the importance of controlling the marketplace, product in the marketplace, maintaining full-price selling, continuing to build brand awareness aligns with our full-year outlook. And so, we're continuing to operate on that with no change on that front. As you can see by Q2 performance, seeing still good growth with the HOKA brand, and really impressed with what we continue to deliver. But we're going to be tight on marketplace management. And that's our strategy, and that's what's paying off.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think it's a good question. And yes, as you're looking to second-half, part of this is recognizing that part of Q2 was benefiting from earlier sales of planned sales that we had in the second-half of the year, right? And so, while we're raising our overall year, it's not the full beat of that what we've experienced in Q2 because some of those sales at this point in time appear to be timing. We'll see how the marketplace plays out kind of in the back half, but combined that with some of the timing of back half sales moving into Q2, passing through what we think is a full-year lift, it is taking some of the sales out of the back half a little bit. But with the overall improvement in the year, and as you know, John, I keep saying, we're focused on the year, not quarters. We are lifting our full-year, we're lifting our full-year gross margins, we're lifting our full-year operating margin. So, like Dave said, we're managing the business for the long run. We're not managing the business on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We look at the full-year, that's how we're guiding the full-year. And some of that outperformance in Q2 is allowing us to make these additional investments.
Steve Fasching: Yes, and I think Paul just add to that, one of the things with the strength that we've seen in Q2 on some of the styles that have been very popular and we're selling down the inventory. We are looking to expedite some of that back in but there's a limit, right and we won't necessarily be able to chase every sale nor would we want to chase every sale. So we'll see how things play out. But we're set up very well. It is the driver of our full-year increase. So we're very encouraged going into the back half of the year.
Steve Fasching: Yes, and so, no, we're not looking to break that to discontinued operations. So we'll continue to report it as we seek to find a buyer. So that's the current plan, yes.
Steve Fasching: Yes, so again depending on your model, because we haven't guided the quarter. But yes, what we're basically saying is there is a portion of wholesale orders that occurred in Q2 that you may have planned for in Q3. And that is, what's leading to the increase in the UGG performance. So again, we haven't given quarterly guidance, so I don't know exactly how you had it broken out. But yes, I think safe to say that some of the increase in UGG that we've seen in Q2 is wholesale orders that were moved forward into Q2.
Steve Fasching: So, Laurent, I think the number you quoted was total company international DTC growth. So, we didn't provide the HOKA component. So, the total 44%, I think that you quoted, was total company international DTC growth. I think then, just your question on HOKA to me was a little bit about how do we see HOKA internationally expansion -- 
Steve Fasching: I think what we see, some of the trends that we're seeing, are similar to what we saw in North America probably a year or 2 ago, right? So, how we're seeing HOKA show up in the run community and then beyond the RUN community is similar, but further behind. And so, this bigger expansion, or faster growth in percentage terms, is another indication that that seems to be the case, that we're seeing the HOKA brand resonate with consumers, kind of starts with runners, RUN community, and begins to build out as awareness grows. Very similar trend to what we've seen in North America. So, in that international arena, we're a little bit behind where we were. Still very early innings for both domestic and international, but a little bit earlier on internationally, and that's why we're seeing those growth percentages high in total company, but you can extrapolate that to the HOKA brand as well.
