Stefano Caroti: Dave, thank you for the kind introduction, and good afternoon, everyone. It is a privilege to have been named Deckers next CEO. During my tenure here, I have had the chance to grow with Deckers, as we've made significant strides building beautiful and innovative brands that resonate with consumers around the world. I understand and appreciate the immense effort it has taken to get us where we are today. And I'm passionate about our people, our organization and the continuation of our collective success. I believe Deckers is well positioned to continue cutting through a highly competitive marketplace and take advantage of the many opportunities ahead with the support of our dedicated management team and all the good people at Deckers. Over the next six months, I look forward to working with Dave, who has become a great mentor, colleague and friend to continue executing on our strategy and ensure a smooth transition. Thanks, Dave. Back to you.
Stefano Caroti: Yes, then, Laurent, kind of on the operating margin, and we've talked about this before on prior calls. The way we look at the business is kind of a high teen margin business. And as I've said in the past is when we have an opportunity, when the business runs so well and delivers margins above that like we've seen in Q3, we will let some of that margin run through. We're not out just to spend money for the sake of spending money. We carefully watch where we're placing our investments. And when we see the opportunities to invest, we will take that. And that's the way we approach kind of every year. In a given year where we're seeing such strong full price selling, like we did this year where our brands and product are in such demand, it's a perfect case where we can flow through some of that. You've seen that in prior years, but at the same time, as we've indicated in our full year outlook, where we've raised it, we're also looking at where we can continue to invest in our brands because we know the competition is stepping up as well. So this provides us an opportunity that when we are performing well, we'll pass through some of that. But at the same time, we're looking at the long-term health of the business and we'll make the right investments to continue to drive this business forward in the long run. So that's our approach. That's not going to change. It's working for us and you can kind of see how that's driving these types of results.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. On the Cielo X launch, we launched today, literally. So it’s a bit early to say how well it’s doing [indiscernible] results, they’re quite encouraging. But it’s early days.
Dave Powers: Yes, very happy to answer that question. And first of all, I apologize, my voice is a little rough, I'm fighting a cold at the moment. But yes, HOKA we had a great quarter for HOKA Q3, as you're hoping the results right on plan, right on strategy. And the teams continue to execute at a level globally. And Q4, it's a combination of things. There's a lot of refill orders that will be going into wholesale fulfilling that demand and getting back in stock as we head into spring. And then as we mentioned before, we have some really exciting new product launches that are coming out in Q4 as well as planned. So continue to be very strong momentum executing on the strategy. Q4 is looking solid for us. No new doors at the end of the year, no net new doors. We'll continue to evaluate that based on how the market performs and how HOKA sells through. And we're very pleased and optimistic about this quarter ahead.
Dave Powers: Yes. Well, it's a good question, right? I mean, our history has been a little bit volatile. But listen, I think this is a new era for UGG. We have an incredible new leadership team. The innovation pipeline is resonating incredibly well with our global consumers. We're expanding categories beyond our core icon styles and the momentum is real. This is the most exciting quarter I've ever seen for UGG with regard to global brand heat, global sell-through every region, every channel is performing well with the UGG brand right now. And we were light on inventory. We have an incredible quarter of growth, but there's still opportunity. And we're going into this coming fall with a position of real strength with healthy inventory levels, clean marketplace. We had some price increases that didn't slow us down. And we still think there's a lot of demand out there to be had. Across the women's, especially a lot of the icons that we were successful in this year. But with some new introductions like the Lowmel, the Weather Hybrids in men's, we think there's a lot of upside still for this brand. And we're going to stay the course and manage this marketplace incredibly tight as we have been and prioritize DTC and that formula continues to pay off major dividends for us.
Dave Powers: Yes, Laurent. Good question. So with regards to long-term strategy, I think, it's important to stress, it’s particularly with [indiscernible] coming up, that we are still focused on what we've talked about before. So, Stefano and I are sitting here saying, hey, there is a major change that needs to happen. It's more about continuing the momentum that, quite frankly, Stefano and his team have helped create. So the targets that we spoke about before, those are ranges that we've talked about. We think there's potential to get there. It's not a hard target. But the strategy is in place. We have – we have that – the way we're managing the marketplace and the way they're presenting these brands in the market to our consumers, where we're connecting with our consumers just gives us more confidence, especially coming out of a quarter like this, that those targets are achievable. And I think this – the quarterly results represented great examples of how we're migrating closer to DTC and more business through DTC and then building more heat for these brands over time. So as we get more consumers into the fold, that will continue, and we remain incredibly excited about the opportunity for HOKA, but also for UGG at the same time. So stay the course, lots to get after still, particularly with the strength of the international markets coming on now, and we're confident we can get there.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and with regards to UGG coming up into fall of 2024, we're confident. We see UGG now as a growth brand within the portfolio. Will it be double-digit, 15%, like we just experienced? We won't be planning for that, but we still think there is growth to be added. I think it's important to remind folks that UGG is in a very different position than it has been in the past. And I talked about this in the last call. We used to sell primarily Classics, Classic Short, Classic Tall, different colors, iterations, and a few slippers to go with that, and the distribution was pretty similar across the marketplace. UGG is much more diversified now, we're selling boots, we're selling slippers, we're selling new hybrid innovations, and we're starting to sell our version of sneakers. And it's a younger consumer. It's a more diverse consumer. We have segmentation in the marketplace globally. We have a lot of untapped potential in the international markets, and we're going to continue to play this through with the strength of our product innovation pipeline and the strength of our marketing teams to continue to drive this as a growth brand for years to come.
Dave Powers: Yes, I don't have the exact specifics on that, but I will say the core Classics are really just a maintained business at this point, so it's not like we're purposely trying to shrink those. Those are still healthy. We are just managing that category and that product better in the marketplace. But the growth is coming from some of the newness, the Taz, the platform style, the Ultra Mini, and then, like I said, some of the sneaker versions and the hybrid winter programs. And as you notice, we launched UGGextreme, which is our first serious foray into more performance products. So this is a brand that has really broad shoulders. I have always said that. And I think now we're seeing, once we get the right design DNA into these categories that are really innovative and distinct, there's really nothing like this product in the marketplace. We have a lot of runway and so we're going to continue to innovate, continue to attack these categories with a focused assortment of UGG DNA products and connect with our consumers in a segmented way. And I think there is still a tremendous upside there. So lots to be confident with the UGG brand. I think this is an indication of the new leadership that Anne has brought to the team and the discipline in the marketplace, as well as our innovation pipeline. And we're optimistic this is going to continue at a healthy pace going forward.
Dave Powers: Yes, and the last thing I would say, if you think about this brand five years ago, it was a boot brand. And we've had that stigma attached to UGG brand for quite some time. And I think that those days are in the past. We have products that is resonating in different categories that we've never had before. And I'm really excited about the Lowmel, that it’s our version of a sneaker. And I think that’s going to be a best seller for years to come and start potentially taking share from some of the sneaker brands out there.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Janine, and great question. We are and we have been and will do continue to look at prices strategically. And so some of the decisions we made this year were really just on a handful of styles in UGG. But in really, some of our bestsellers who are proved to be our bestsellers. So that’s why you saw the exponential impact of revenue on some of those styles as they perform so well at full price in the added $5 or $10 made a big difference on a lot of units. Going forward, we’ll continue to evaluate it. We don’t see massive price increase in broad base this fall. We’re still evaluating that, but it’ll be selected by market and style if we do that. And then the same approach for HOKA, we’re comfortable with prices are right now we think we are providing incredible value for the dollar. There’s opportunities to raise prices a little bit here and there as we continue to roll out more innovation. But pricing – growth through pricing is not a strategy of ours, it’s pricing the appropriate the product in the market for the consumer, and that’ll drive our decision.
Dave Powers: I wouldn’t say that we’re forcing more inventory purposely away from wholesale into DTC. What I would say is I think the teams have gotten better at allocating the right amount of inventory for our stores, so that we’re not missing sales when the customer comes in. And we’ve been guilty of that in the last few years, not having protected some of the inventory in this kind of demand. Some of that inventory can get sucked up by DTC or wholesale fill-ins, so we’re protecting it better than we have for our stores and just making sure that we’re balancing out across wholesale and retail and e-commerce as best we can for the consumer and how they like to shop. Just so happens, though, when you have this kind of brand heat momentum, if there are wholesale partners that are running low on inventory, they’re going to go to our stores to find it and our websites to find it. And this is an indication of what happened, but it’s also a strong indication of how well our pull model is working. And we have a pull model like that, it does help generally benefit your DTC business a little bit more.
Dave Powers: Yes. Well, I will say, it’s exciting for us. We established this Deckers Lab innovation engine a few years ago with the help of Jean-Luc, who is one of the co-founders of HOKA. And that has been quietly building as a force for our pipeline for all of our brands. So some of the innovation you’re seeing in UGG and HOKA, and we’ll soon see some of that in Teva as well, has come from that. And one of the things we uncover is there’s an opportunity for a new kind of sneaker brand. So we would put this under the category of super sneaker brand. It’s pretty exciting. It’s more sophisticated in styling, it’s made for really all day wear, but it comes with a lot of the technologies that you would find in a performance running brand. So carbon plates, different foams, different more modern materials and cleaner lines, a little bit elevated price point above 200. And obviously, it’s early days. We’re excited to launch this into the market. I’ll let you know the name as soon as I’m allowed to, but stay tuned in the next few weeks, you’ll hear about the soft launch and then we’ll head into March and April in a more robust way and build from there.
Dave Powers: Yes. And then regarding the UGG brand, I actually don’t remember saying doubling the business at some point, but that’s okay. I would say, listen, we still think this is – we see this more than ever as a growth brand. And we think that a healthy growth rate for this brand is mid-single-digits. And that’s in line with managing our marketplace and growing effectively in a smart way. Does the brand have potential to be doubled at some point? Hey, I think if we optimize potential in men’s and we start to build our apparel engine a little bit more, anything’s possible. But right now we’re taking this one year at a time and really strategically and methodically building it in line with our marketplace strategy.
Steve Fasching: Yes, Tom. And just to add to that, this is Steve. I think the – as we look at the success that we had in Q3, this is where our marketplace management works.
Steve Fasching: We are containing that wholesale channel. We're lowing some of the demand over to our DTC channel. And this is really where you're seeing the power of that work. You see it with the gross margin expansion. And so that's a model that we're going to continue to reinforce next year. And we know we're leaving demand on the table and that's by design. So we continue to build D-to-C brands by controlling that marketplace distribution, lowing some of that excess over into D-to-C, and leaving some demand on the table. Yes.
Steve Fasching: Yes, so I'll start, Laurent. In terms of some of the shifts, what I mentioned in the prepared remarks is, yes, we are seeing where some of the over performance of Q3, because again, as you know, we haven't guided orders, where we did see some earlier wholesale deliveries in Q3. That's slightly impacting our Q4. In terms of our full year, we have raised our full year and that's really a reflection of the strength that we've seen in Q3. Because we haven't given quarterly guidance, I know everybody's models may be a little bit different. And so it's hard to say specifically kind of how you're looking at it. The way we've looked at it is some of the business that we thought may happen in Q4 did come at us in Q3 as the sell-through was very strong. And so we took advantage of that, and we were able to kind of shift some of that price. Generally speaking, what you're seeing is the business has performed better than what we expected. We have flowed that through on our full year lift, and we're seeing Q4 kind of as we've seen it with a little bit of timing issues [ph]. But overall, I think, the takeaway is incredible performance in Q3. We've flowed that through, we've lifted our full year, business is incredibly strong, and the demand for our brands is there.
Steve Fasching: Yes Jay, it's a good question. Clearly the addressable market, it has grown from where we were five years ago. I think another way to look at it, and I know what you're trying to kind of get at is what's the future growth opportunities for UGG? I think what we've seen, especially in this last year, is how UGG is being adopted for different use cases than it was five years ago. And so that total addressable market continues to increase as we are seeing greater adoption around our product. And so to Dave's point about what we're excited about, what we saw in Q3, is we're seeing heritage products resonate with consumers, but iterations of that, where we've created newness in categories that consumers are adopting. And so we've also talked about some of the demographic reach, and we're seeing a younger demographic come into the brand with a strong excitement. You've really seen that come through in Q3. It's what's driving some of that DTC performance. And then we're seeing it grow internationally. So as you recall, five years ago, we talked about how we were going to deliver the progress in North America and then export that success to the international market. And now what you're seeing is those international markets growing at a faster rate, albeit smaller dollars, but at a faster rate on percentage terms than we're seeing domestic. And that shows you how the consumer is embracing the UGG brand across the globe in different use cases. And through the last couple of years, what we've learned is through some of this casualization, the adoption of UGG for different use cases. And we're continuing to see that demand grow, and that's what gives us excitement about where we can go with this brand.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And Janine, just to add a little bit on that, as Dave said, it was not across the Board. It was very surgical in terms of units that we identified had the potential to absorb a price increase without much consumer resistance to it. And that was significant. And so it was not a lot of styles, it was on styles that we knew would do well. And so it was surgical in the sense of, those high performing styles, and it drove a big portion. So just in terms of quantified a little bit, in the quarter, our gross margin from last year was at 580 basis points. I think the other thing that was a big contributor along with price increases, we didn’t get promotional. This was a full, strong, price, sell-through quarter for us. So of that 580 basis points, about 340 of it came from not being promotional, and the price increases that we experienced in the quarter. So a big dry growth quarter [ph]. And as Dave said, we’re not looking to decrease in this to kind of continue to drive that. We’re going to be very careful about how we place price increases and how we contemplate it. But this year was one year that we benefited from it that we will not necessarily see in future periods.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So good question. So clearly, with the performance that we’ve got going on in FY2024, we are accruing for an increase in performance related compensation. That resets back to approved budget levels. So on percentage terms, we’re not quantifying dollars, but on percentage terms, clearly the expectations a couple of months left, but given everything we’ve seen so far, very strong performance. So there is an increase in performance related compensation in FY2024 and then we reset that for FY2025.
