David Powers: Yeah. Thanks, Jonathan. That's a great question. And it's pretty exciting momentum to see the momentum that the team is building in North America, particularly through all of our channels. And what's great about it is we are driving the business through new introductions of spring and summer product. And as you heard on the earnings script, the shift away from reliance on boots in the quarter and the growth coming from new product introductions in seasonally relevant product such as the fluff franchisor, which is a massive success for us, is – we're learning a lot from that. It's also allowing us to reach new consumers and bring new new consumers and younger consumers into the brand, which is great because they traditionally come in through the classic and then explore more of the brand. But we're seeing a large number of younger consumers coming directly to the brand for the first time, particularly in our DTC channels, purchasing that product that they're wearing in season.So, it gives us a lot of confidence that if we hit the right product design, coupled with the right social and PR strategy and marketing tactics, that we can really move the needle in these categories and in the quarter. It also tells us that big ideas in product, something that is distinctly UGG in DNA and disruptive in the marketplace is a method for us to continue to drive success in new categories.So, we had a fantastic meeting with the UGG product team yesterday and talked about the learnings from fluff here and how we translate that into future seasons across different categories and also into men's. And I think you're going to see more of these more sizable, meaningful launches. Fewer bigger launches is the approach for us going forward. But now that we have the attention of younger consumer and credibility in spring and summer gives us a lot of confidence going forward. And then, we just need to employ the same strategy globally.
David Powers: Yeah. I've always been a fan – we've always said the money is in the middle. So, it's kind of new innovations that are probably crossovers or hybrids of two categories. So, we'll have limited success and we can be successful in pure sneakers, but I think it's the mashup of sneakers and sandals, so you can provide the comfort with the UGG DNA. That's something that's unique that nobody else can do. I think that's where the strength of our brand is. And we have quite a few products within that coming out of our innovation team and our design team.It's interesting. This fluff product is – in our P&L, it's classified as a slipper, but the consumer sees it as a sandal. And so, I think that tells you that it has broader shoulders and it's very disruptive and interesting, and it's something that nobody else can do. And I think that's the formula going forward.
David Powers: Kelly, this is Dave. I think what you're seeing this quarter is very little increased distribution over last year. We spent the last three years or so in incubating new distributions such as Macy's and Urban Outfitters and Foot Locker and a couple of smaller kind of boutiques, in addition to the important department stores. And we've actually closed more accounts than we've opened. So, what we've been doing is consolidating, elevating to the key players in the industry. And so , the majority of the growth you're seeing now is increased door count within those channels or within those stores – or chains, I should say, sorry. Burt just better penetration and sell-through across the board. So, we're seeing it both in wholesale with those accounts and also in our DTC channel.
David Powers: Yeah. I think, interestingly, the months were pretty steady. They were strong from the get-go and the beginning of the quarter. In HOKA, it was really ignited by the launch of the Carbon X and the PR and the press and the buzz that the brand got from that launch. And then, when we officially launched Clifton 6, that maintained the momentum. So, that's been pretty steady through the quarter. UGG was a little bit softer in the beginning due to some of the sandal challenges, but that was offset by the fluffy ad [ph] franchise and that's continued to be strong through the quarter. So, they were pretty steady all along.
David Powers: The men's business is still small in Q4 and Q1 for that gender. The strength of men's, where we're really seeing the growth is coming in in Q2 and Q3, really driven by the new mail franchise. So, we had some good product launches in sneakers and shoes, but they weren't enough to really move the needle in men's. So, we have work to do, an opportunity, I would say, for men's in that time of year. And we had a good meeting on that yesterday and some of the learnings that we're taking from women's in the fluff franchise and other categories and translating that into men's for spring and summer. But the real strength of men's, where we're seeing the growth, is definitely in fall winter through the new mail and with the boot category at this point.
David Powers: Yeah. So, it's a good question. I think one of the things that we're seeing, right, and it's a little bit harder for us to just predict is that, as inventory channels – they were clean last year, they're even cleaner this year. What we're seeing is, with the success of UGG, that retailers are asking for product earlier because they want to make sure that they have the product. And so, that's where we're seeing the shift. It's good indication of the strength and health of the brand, but it's hard to know exactly. One, they're seeing strong sell-through. They also want to make sure that they're getting product for the fall sell-out. So, that's where we're seeing kind of people taking it earlier this year than where they have, say, a year or two ago. And we'll fulfill it. Like we've said, we will guide and project to kind of what we see on the order book. But also, if a customer is asking for a product sooner than that, we'll be ready to deliver it.And then, just to note, really kind of on the shift out of Q2 to Q3, that's us being a little bit conservative with the first year of our consolidated DC. A year ago, we looked at really the last week and there is a lot of activity that goes out that last week of the quarter. So, as we have consolidated our DC, we were pushing a little bit of that out into Q3. Now, we may get orders where customers want a little bit sooner, but we want to balance out that load because it's a big load in that final week. And so, we want to be mindful of what our capacity is and kind of constraints with the new consolidated DC.
David Powers: Maybe a little bit of both. I think it was the right call. It allows the European teams to focus on our core businesses and then have somebody who is strong in the region focus on expanding the Teva business in a local way. We'll continue to evaluate it over time, but I think it was the right thing as we were looking at profit improvements and focus on the organization. It's great to see that the distributors managing the business so well, which means the teams are working closely with those partners and they have the expertise required. So, I would say it was the right call. We're pleased with how it's going. And it gives us an opportunity to reevaluate down the road.
David Powers: So, kind of same as what we've said before. We don't see much change there, but significant growth. So, kind of up mid 50% range is kind of how we're looking at that. Yeah, Q1 is really not a Koolaburra quarter. You'll start to see that really ramp up.
David Powers: Yeah. I think it's safe to say the awareness is increasing. I think the last time we looked at it, North America was roughly around the 12%. I don't have the exact figures in front of me, but it's definitely improving. And I think you're seeing that as resulting in the sales. The top of funnel exercises that the team have been doing, particularly the Carbon X event, which was a massive success, the way the team has pulled that off with breaking two world records in an event, that was resonating on a global scale and launching a brand-new innovative product. That brought 800 million and growing, I should say, still improving impression to the brand on a global level. So, the awareness is improving.The average age, it's a little bit older than we would like, I think, and so there's opportunity to target younger consumers through some of our marketing tactics. I just had a conversation with a brand on that yesterday. But it's also a higher price point product. So, we need to make sure that we're balancing out the high level of our performance and technical characteristics of that product and price point with shoes like the Rincon which we just launched which is a little bit more affordable price point, little bit more for an everyday runner.And I forget, what was the third point you just asked.
David Powers: Oh, yeah. I think what we're seeing is that the repeat purchases are happening a little bit faster than we originally thought. And so, we're getting new consumers into the brand through our DTC channels. But I think, with the new product launches and some of the new extensions that we're seeing, we're starting to get people who are buying more products more often. There's a bit of a cult following for the brand, if you can't tell. As soon as something goes up on the website that's new, new launches or new styles, people are just grabbing them. So, it's a combination of repeat purchase on core styles that people are replenishing on. But also, when we want something new, the tribe that's following the brand is jumping on those as well.
David Powers: I've always said I could see a path to $0.5 billion for this brand. I think that the real opportunity is probably bigger than that. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we are thinking big with HOKA and we see this as a game changer for Deckers long-term. So, it's exciting to see the acceleration of the business, the adoption of the business globally in all channels, the innovation engine is strong, the marketing tactics are working very well, the tight and controlled distribution is driving high full price selling. So, there is a lot there. The momentum and the conversation and the buzz about the HOKA brand is improving. And it just gives us confidence that we can reach some of those aspirational goals in the next three to five years. Hard to put a number on it right now, but I think if look at HOKA in the context of some of the other running brands out there, the runway is pretty significant for us.
David Powers: Well, there's still opportunity – and it's a good question. There's still opportunity in existing channel, particularly international. We're still opening up additional accounts international and penetrating those doors at a deeper level, is one area. The same within e-commerce international. We're still setting up the mechanics of some of our sites on the international level. But if we take the playbook that's been incorporated with regards to e-commerce, I think there is a substantial amount of international growth coming out of e-commerce, just elevating awareness in the markets for wholesale. So, without even adding any additional distribution points, there is substantial growth.I think, over time, there could be expanded distribution to reach new consumers as we get into accelerating the outdoor, hiking and trail business. There's other categories that we think we could explore over time. And then, also reaching the younger consumer. I think if you look at all those components on a global scale and you think about places like China and Japan down the road, that's where a lot of the growth would come from.We have two key franchises that are driving the majority of the business now, which is the Bondi and the Clifton, as you know. But some of the new launches, like the Carbon X, the Sky collection in hiking, the Rincon, those are starting to gain traction in new distribution points, which will add to the Clifton and the Bondi franchise over time.
David Powers: I think there was a little bit of softness earlier on. Teva is also seeing great success in some of the core franchise styles. The originals collection is still very strong. It has kind of weathered the weather issue better.Sanuk, overall, performing, but the continued decline of the yoga sling franchise for that brand is where we saw the biggest hit.
David Powers: This is Dave. I think it also forces the conversation about how do we learn from them and leverage those results for the rest of the year globally, particularly in e-commerce. We talked about the new – amount of new consumers coming to the brand for both UGG and HOKA online. The performance marketing capabilities that we've developed in this region, which we're taking global, are working extremely well. The PR tactics that the brands are employing and the storytelling with powerful launches and collabs, those are all driving top of funnel awareness, which is resulting in strong interest in traffic to the website. We now need to leverage those learnings to drive traffic to the stores and that's something the teams are focusing on.
David Powers: I think we're pleased with it. It's still a small piece of the total business, but it is helpful for the younger consumer as they come to our site, especially with a brand like UGG, with the average price point of that product. So, early days, but I think the teams have done a great job of making our shopping experience simple for the consumer no matter where they're coming from and how they want to pay. And I think what we're really excited also is the loyalty program, our rewards and the amount of business that that's driving. And it was about 40% of total business in the quarter for UGG came from loyalty consumers versus last year about 25%. So, that's again something that we want to continue to build on and leverage our omni-channel capabilities across stores and online to build that because the lifetime value of those consumers is very strong. They spend more money. Their average transaction is higher. They come to the brand more often. We're looking at how we can leverage that on a global scale and potentially also for HOKA brand.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Good question, Jon. We really aren't changing the UGG. So, kind of positive low single-digits is what the guidance is for the year related the UGG brand. No change there. There is a significant change in HOKA. So, I think before we were in the mid-20 range and we're now in the higher 30% range. So, that's where you're seeing an uptake on HOKA, but it is being offset by the Sanuk takeback as we pulled out of that warehouse channel. But, net-net, still an increase on the full year revenue number.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. So, it is up a little bit. You're right. We saw tremendous growth in the current quarter. That's the 69% that we're talking about, so well ahead. As we get into later quarters in the year, those are bigger historic quarters for HOKA. So, that's why the growth rate will drop a little bit on a percentage term.
Steven Fasching: Sure, Kelly. What we have is we'll have the UGG business compared to last year down just a little bit, and that's really that shifting into Q3. So, we did bring kind of $10 million forward into Q1 and then we'll have a little bit going out on the back end from Q2 to Q3. So, that's the, call it, down kind of low-single digits.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. So, the margins on HOKA, as we've kind of said, are very similar to UGG in the channel, so in wholesale similar channels, in DTC similar margins. So, very strong margins. As we indicated on the prepared remarks, what's also helping drive some of the HOKA is less closeout that we're seeing. And so, we can continue to kind of drive that full price selling. It was a very clean quarter. So, I don't know how much more upside there is kind of on the surface within channel. Clearly, there's upside as we drive more DTC business with the HOKA business. So, from a channel mix, there's more opportunity as we make our DTC business with HOKA bigger.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. I would say on that, just what we observed is kind of that normal cadence. We definitely see a pickup in the latter half of the quarter. I think as we saw kind of within the industry, there was some softness with the industry. I think we saw strength with UGG and a normal cadence within the quarter and a normal cadence of the business picking up kind of later in the quarter.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Sam, breaking out the channel outperformance, we'll let that come out in the Q. But good, I would say. From the numbers that we've reflected, kind of, clearly, HOKA very strong wholesale performance globally. So, not only North America business, very strong HOKA performance really across the globe.I think from a wholesale perspective on UGG, we saw strong performance domestically in the wholesale channel and internationally kind of more to expectation. But that's on the international front as we indicated in the prepared remarks, kind of more where we saw some early shipments. But, again, from a global perspective, if you take out the early shipments, wholesale performed pretty much to kind of what we expected with a little bit of overperformance in our DTC channel related to UGG in North America.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. So, I think what we're – you're right, Mitch. What we've done is we've basically taken out the low-end. So, guiding gross margins to the 15.5% kind of more firmly. And the pickup there is the brand mix that we're seeing, contributing to lift in the gross margin. So, with the success that we're seeing with HOKA and the increase that we've now projected for the HOKA business for the full year, that's what lifting that low-end of the margin kind of often giving us more confidence at that high end.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Good question. Yeah, you're right, Chris. Really strong comp on the quarter. Where we saw success was domestic. I think a lot of that was being driven online. We don't break it out. But, clearly, our online performance well ahead of our expectation, which really kind of drove the overperformance. Kind of as we look at it, where we really were above expectation was kind of domestic and then a very strong online performance.As we you look kind of at the balance of the year from a guidance perspective, we are looking at kind of positive low single to positive mid-single digit type comp numbers. Still a big part of the season to come. So, clearly, confidence with what we've picked up in first quarter, but again our first quarter is our smallest quarter. So, I think it's a good signal for us going into the year, but we still have our biggest quarters ahead of us. Again, I think what we saw in Q1, especially domestic, especially with what we saw online, confidence going into the rest of the year.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. I think as we look at it, we are, as you mentioned, kind of guiding the year down. You're right, Q2 does incorporate some freight. We are using freight this year. So, we do expect to see some impact of that in Q2. Really, as we look at the rest of the year, I think it's pretty consistent in terms of our kind of lower expectations, so that bringing it down 100 basis points, I would say pretty consistent as you look at the back half of the year.Again, just some background on that, we do have a higher assumption around using air freight, primarily Q2, and then to some of our estimates around how the promotional environment potentially plays out in kind of Q3, Q4. Hence the kind of the take down in the back of the year. And then, we'll also have some FX headwinds as I mentioned that we have unhedged amounts still out there still dependent on – reflecting the current rates that we currently have. We have a little bit of an impact as well in the back half.
