Laurence Fink: First of all, there is a 75 day common period and we have to recognize this is just a proposal and it may evolve and change. I said all along, we are a huge supporter of regulatory efforts in the protection of clients’ interest. I think as you just suggested, if clients feel more secure in their investments, and they believe that their investments will indeed produce the outcomes that they are looking for, no firm is a better winner on having more participation in financial markets than BlackRock. So, on a macro basis, we are a huge supporter of making the investment world somewhat better for the investors, so the investors feel that they have a equal opportunity to win over the long run. As proposed, there is certainly going to be changes in how people navigate their interest. As you suggested, we are – in some categories, some people have said this is going to benefit indexing more than active. We are not 100% certain there, but obviously, we will be a big beneficiary of this. We have benefited and are proven in retail and iShares has to do with as you said, we have built a bigger and a more robust team working with our client base. We combined our retail and iShare sales force to provide what we call a client-centric approach. We are agnostic about beta products versus alpha products. We are trying to help and achieve outcomes and I don’t think we are harmed in anyway related to whatever that’s proposed in the DOL, but this – what DOL is doing is actually playing into our approach of how we are trying to navigate beta products and alpha products, mutual fund products with index and ETF products. So, we are well positioned for that, but I do believe we are well positioned because how we organize ourselves for related to client-centric approach. 
Laurence Fink: Craig, I would also add, in terms of the fees and fee mix, as I emphasize, we saw strong flows in fixed income and so some of that you are just saying, the fee mix change because of great flows into fixed income ETFs. So, as Rob discussed, it’s not necessarily moving from one product in equity to another. So, I would tell you there is a constant amount of pressure to making sure we are competitive related to fees. We are going to continue to have that pressure and we want to be a leader in that. And so, we are very comfortable with the mix of business and how business is evolving. But more, we are winning new clients that we did not have or more buy and hold where this was not where BlackRock had great market share and as we penetrate more and more of the independent advisors that historically was more the landscape of a vanguard, where we are starting to see increased flows in our core series. So it’s not that we are seeing a substitution with some of our clients, we are penetrating more in different clients. As Rob said, we are penetrating more buy and hold clients too. So, we look at this as our broadening of our platform not necessarily an outright fee mix change. 
Laurence Fink: We grew, in the first quarter, defined contribution business by $20 billion, so, I am not sure if that’s a fair share. I believe it is, I think we had a very good quarter of defined contribution. We are investing quite a bit which then represents about 14% organic growth. So, we are well positioned in it. We are increasingly working on more trends that are impacting in a favorable way for us. So, keep in mind, what are the trends in DC. There is a greater trend towards open architecture, really good for us in BlackRock. I mean, historically, we were harmed by close architecture, more open architecture allows us to provide our products. Two, in DC, there is a greater demand for indexation that obviously plays into our strength. Three, as a innovator in target date, we are benefiting from that. So, do you add those three combinations plus, we have witnessed in lot of the $20 billion of flows because our strong active fixed income performance we are seeing accelerated flows in those DC plans that are consistent and staying with the active strategies. So, across the board, I would tell you, we have – probably, as large of opportunities in DC than we’ve had in years, and years, and years and much of it has to do as I discussed earlier, our positioning, our strength in performance in fixed income, our strength in designing target date products and moving towards indexation, and much of it has to do with, DC market not growing as a whole. In fact, there is a belief that DC can slowly start decreasing as the men and women are getting closer to retirement are spending what they accrued. But I believe BlackRock has a great opportunity in front of us to gain market share and we are very well positioned in product and we are well positioned to take advantage of this because our positioning in the index and in active fixed income. 
Laurence Fink: I think the dialogue at the FSOC in the United States is principally activity-based. In Europe, it was going towards activity-based, it has migrated a little bit to more corporate-based and activity-based. It is in a common period that we are sending comments to the FSB related to that. I think there is going to be a long dialogue. There was a meeting earlier this week at the – I think that’s our reports related to it, related to the FSB meetings in New York with large investment management companies. I would say from BlackRock’s perspective, a year ago, year-and-a-half ago, it’s was pretty lonely for us that we were one of the few firms having those meetings and educating regulators related to the risk associated with asset managers. We always note importantly that the asset management industry represents less than 20% of the capital markets. Asset owners are principally the largest players. They manage their own money and they play a significant role too. So if you want to effect the ecosystem and making sure the ecosystem is safe and protected for society and for investors as we said publicly and we continue to try to educate it has to be activity-based. And today now, because of the efforts of the FSB, tens of asset mangers are now working alongside us. Industry groups are working alongside with us. So I am actually pretty thrilled that there is more companies, more people hoping spending time educating. I don’t know what the solution or the outcome will be, but we look at this as a long-based process. We want to be constructive that it’s our number one responsibility in making sure that in the end, it leads to a better sounder financial system. If we have that as I talked about other issues related to long-term, I think BlackRock is a biggest beneficiary of more participation by more people because they believe it’s a safer environment to invest will be all, I am all in favor of it. However, there are difference of opinions and we are trying to push our opinions. It’s going to be a long process. It’s going to be very public about how the process plays out. I don’t feel any – I actually believe the process is more robust now with more conversation that we’ve had in a long time and we’ll see how this all plays our, Ken. I don’t, I can’t give you any degree of where this is moving internationally. I would be kind of odd as the FSOC is moving towards outcome activities that therefore becomes in a different way, I would then question is this a Europe versus US phenomenon. It’s interesting to know what Europe is doing with Google and other issues in technology, attacking US technology companies. So, I am – we are participating this. We are going to be good corporate citizens and we are trying to do our best in education. 
Laurence Fink: Sure. So, I think we are now starting to witness the impact of having better performance in our active products, especially fixed income. Two, our expansion in the RIA channels and the buy and hold channel is now being exhibited in their mutual funds. It’s been exhibited in our core series ETF products and I can underscore and that’s how we are building on and expanding our global platform and I am using infrastructure also as a mechanism to get stronger within these areas, countries, side-by-side building our brand in those countries, building our opportunities in those countries. Obviously, that’s a long-term strategy, Michael, that’s not something that we are going to witness and see significant changes. That’s a good example of a five, seven year investment where we see on behalf of our clients, but it also has a very significant impact on our positioning in the various countries as a leader in the investment business. So, you think about those investments. We are – I think we are going to continue to build market share in retail. We witness that for four straight years. Two, I think it’s fair to say that ETFs are in a secular growth period that is not over yet. We are the biggest beneficiary of that secular growth and then three, which I said for many years, if we can begin to build a stronger relationship institutionally with more clients and building not a product-based relationship, but cross-selling of end solutions, we are going to start benefiting on the institutional side. So, you add those together, it does allow us to have above industry and I want to underscore above industry organic growth trends. And then if you add the amount of investments we are making not just in alternate – not just in infrastructure, but across the board in alternatives, where it’s not really shown up in the organic growth area because, as I said, we won $10 billion commitment. We don’t – unlike lot of the private equity firms, we don’t show that in our AUM, but we identify the unfunded commitments. That’s another good example of the power and the growth of the opportunity. So you tie this together, cross-selling products with institutions with better performance by providing solutions, by having even more market share opportunities in our Aladdin business, our iShare secular growth and our positioning in retail worldwide, plus better positioning, country-by-country, I think we are in a very good position to be leading above industry trend market share. 
Laurence Fink: Well, I think it’s just that some of that – first of all, thank you for taking your time. I know there are lot of other people, institutions that you are going to run to because of all the first quarter results today. Let me just reiterate, we believe that our first quarter results really highlights the diversity of our product platform, the global nature of our platform that truly differentiates us versus from every player in the world. As I said, just earlier, we are seeing that impact of those investments. We are seeing a continued positioning. I truly believe as a firm, if we continue to talk about long-term issues, try to be helpful in the narrative in the world of investing a more balanced long-term approach and if we continue to execute those strategies on behalf of our clients and our clients’ needs, we will be positioned quite well for our clients worldwide, our institutional clients, our retail clients. And I would just underscore these are very exciting times for BlackRock and all the citizens of BlackRock. And so I feel very good about where we are, where we are going and the opportunities in front of us. With that, I would like to just thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest in our organization. Have a good quarter. 
Gary Shedlin: Well, I think your question is specific to the operating leverage and margin point. So, I would say the following, Glenn. I think first of all, let’s break it down. If we look at the revenue side, obviously, the revenue was impacted as we said by about $70 million and in the year ago quarter that we would deem more opportunistic. So obviously, that’s a big chunk of that came from the performance fee and then we had some significant transaction-related revenue in our FMA business. Obviously, then we got the FX impact and we noted that on a constant currency basis, we think that base fees alone would have been probably up closer to 8% year-over-year. Then we look at the expense side, and I think on the expense side, we are obviously benefiting to a certain extent from significant non-dollar expense that we have. We have about 5800 employees that sit outside of the Americas that represents close to – I think 47% or 48% of our total employee base. But obviously, notwithstanding that, there is still margin associated with our non-dollar sources of profitability. So, I think, what I would suggest to you, I hate these start to get into a so-called normalization, because who knows what the definition of normalization is and that’s a difficult concept. But I would say that on a more recurring basis, if we thought about our – both our revenues and expenses, there is obviously been some timing differences that we also noted on the expense side versus last year in terms of the real estate credit and taking into account FX more broadly, we look at our own business on a more normalized basis and we’d suggest that we see positive year-over-year margin improvement and operating leverage. 
Gary Shedlin: Yes, I mean, we obviously, try not to give a whole lot of guidance on that. But I do think that we tend to see a little bit of a lower ramp up in our G&A spend at the beginning of any part of the year. And I think as we mentioned on a sequential basis, versus the fourth quarter, we obviously had – we basically benefited from the fact that we didn’t have a closed-in funds launch in this quarter that we did mentioned that we’ll be having about $5 million of product placement fees associated with AVR RE. There is obviously some FX re-measurement stuff that also goes on that creates some noise quarter – quarter-to-quarter. But I think generally speaking, we haven’t really changed our estimate for run rate G&A over the course of the year. It just means that a lot of it’s going to be pushed into the latter part of the year as it was last year. 
Gary Shedlin: Well, we are seeing increased flows as you suggested in our scientific equity offerings. We are seeing more – we have more dialogue on our model-based, factor-based products and we have had now in five years. I was frustrated as you know in other calls over the years that we have not seen as much flows in that area. I think as some fundamental products have underperformed and people are starting to recognize that 96% of our SAE products are above our peer medium over five years. And I think there is more interest today than we’ve seen in over five years for some type of model-based, factor-based investment strategies. You are seeing more and more in the mutual fund, even in some cases, ETFs more smart beta type of products. And I believe this is going to finally begin a period of substantial momentum in these areas. And so I do believe you are going to see shifts in that area as an industry more towards smart beta factor-based investing. And I am not suggesting fundamental is going away, it’s not. And so, but I believe we are positioned at BlackRock to benefit from that re-looking at the scientific or model-based equity. We intend to be announcing some very substantial hires in this area. I talked about data management. We believe other sources of information like big dad is going to be an important component to how one looks at investing and so we are investing in these areas to – for the fundamental and our scientific side. And this is probably one of – this is going to be one of our more exciting offerings in the coming years and this is an area that I believe is going to finally start to seeing accelerated growth. So, it’s not a matter of share, Bill, as you ask, it’s a function of the world is re-focusing on these products. Both on the retail side and the institutional side. 
Gary Shedlin: Michael, I am going to go back to something Larry said in his comments. It’s about what we can control and what we can’t control. So, I think we feel incredibly comfortable with our ability to grow organically and we feel incredibly comfortable with the ability to manage our expenses as we have over the last four plus years and as you know notwithstanding reinvesting over $1 billion back into the business through the P&L, we have expanded the margin over 350 basis points during that time. But there is certain things we can’t control, I mean, which obviously is beta and FX and notwithstanding all of those things, which clearly is impacting our fee rates year-over-year. We still think if we have kind of stable markets, we are very much committed to the original margin guidance we’ve ever – we’ve always given people which is that we think that our business has obviously benefits from scale in a bunch of areas and we see no reason that we won’t be able to continue to evidence margin improvement that we have over the last three plus years. 
Robert Kapito: So, obviously, [Indiscernible] changes and where rates are going to go over the next year are going to have a pretty big impact than where we are going to see flows in the money market arena. So right now, we are seeing more flows internationally than domestic. We are seeing more clients than in government and if rates change that will reverse. So we are taking an approach where we have gone out to our clients and talking about the future regulation and preparing products for them that will make sense depending upon where rates are. So, some of those things sort be for example. We are going to be going with constant net asset value, government money market funds and those will be without redemption gates or liquidity fees. We have the floating net asset value of institutional prime money market funds and we plan to maintain our largest prime fund which we have about $66.5 billion and that’s the temp fund and that will be our private institutional fund. And then we have others that were preparing a floating rate short maturity institutional prime money market fund and a constant NAV government money market fund and short maturity national and state-specific muni funds. We are also prepared to do separate accounts. So, it really is going to depend upon where the regulation ends. Of course, you know that the implementation date of all of these new products are around October of 2016. So, I think working together with our clients to make sure that we are prepared, no matter where rates go is important for us and year-over-year, we have about $39 billion that’s been added into the cash fund. That’s about a 15% year-over-year growth. So there is still a lot of demand for money market type products and it will just change some of the nuances to be able to apply with the regulatory issues. But this is a big business for us and we also see some of the smaller money market groups approaching us as well because scale and size is also going to be very important to be able to satisfy our clients’ needs. 
Robert Kapito: So, certainly there is a big change in mix depending upon performance and also depending upon what areas clients are focused on. So there is two-parts to that question. One is, people looking on an institutional basis for precision exposures in particular areas like emerging markets which would have a higher fee versus, buy and hold segments that are looking to supplement what they own with ETFs and what they call a core series. Now, there is a difference in fee between the precision instruments like in emerging markets and the core series which is more of a buy and hold segment. So, quite frankly, we are seeing growth in both of those right now. But, this is an area that is starting to gain attention. It’s starting to mature and what we are trying to do is develop a core set of products that is going to be for the buy and hold segment. We continue to round that out. We had over $12 billion that’s going into that core segment. In the quarter, we’ve had about a 25% organic growth in this global core segment versus just a 14% overall market share in the iShares business. But the point here is that, there is a somewhat of a fee shift, but it’s not that dramatic and it’s not the overriding factor in people buying these iShares. Its segmentation is spilling out their portfolios and what they want and then of course you have to be competitive in what they are buying. But we don’t see an overall dramatic change in the pricing and this removing from high fee to lower fee, particularly where you need.
Robert Kapito: So, your guess is as good as ours. We try to have different products in the pipeline to satisfy what we think our clients should be looking at. But there is a whole product process here of awareness going on a socking to clients that will take them a while to understand what the product is, they like to see its performance a bit before they invest in it. So, I can’t tell you exactly why we think that it makes sense as you do. But we like to have different products in the pipeline and actually we have pretty high aspirations for these. One of the ones that I am a little disappointed in is, is the iBonds that we have, because it really fits a client’s portfolio so much better than buying individual bonds and taking to risk of the bid offer spread and having more liquidity and pricing diversification and look through treatment. So, I am a little disappointed, but, if I axe on that and not propose the fund, I can tell you took about ten years to get our emerging markets fund off the ground and see real money come into it. So we are just going to go out there, if we think it’s a good product, talk to our clients, make sure we have the awareness, show them the positives of it. Be able to evaluate the performance and then I hope that it catches on. This is very different than some others and you tell me what they caught on. We have our mid ball strategy, the currency hedge. It also is a matter of when you produce the product and what’s happening in the market at that particular time. So, I think for us, our growth strategy is to continue that, come out with innovative ideas. Have a pipeline of these. Make sure we are in the markets and then over time depending upon those environments, the factors and awareness that will ground. 
