Larry Fink: Let me just add, putting a whole year perspective because I can't respond to one quarter versus another. For the full year, we had $75 billion of active inflows in fixed income. For the full year, we had $112 billion in ETFs, and so when you put it all in perspective and then we had obviously even more in index and other types of LDI and other types of strategies. So we had a very strong year in fixed income, and one of the business propositions we provide to our clients is having a holistic conversation about how one can use ETFs in their fixed income strategy. And so, the active ETF mix is kind of harder for you to decipher, but we are having broader, deeper relationships with more clients in fixed income than ever before.
Larry Fink: I would just add, the language of portfolios is becoming more and more real and we're committed to that. This is why we believe we have to add sustainability sleeves to Aladdin to making sure that our clients and our investors at BlackRock can look at the sustainability as one of the key investment risk going forward. What we did in factors and adding factor sleeves onto our Aladdin system. I think the key that we've been doing is we are providing more content for the same value proposition, and so while we continue to drive elevated content with the same fee structure. And as what then happens is as the clients grow, we grow with them. And that has been one of the key characteristics of how we've designed Aladdin growing with our clients' needs. But as the clients now believe in more of the components of Aladdin they're putting on more of their assets onto Aladdin and so then we grow with Aladdin. And so the key characteristic is for us to continue to innovate to stay in front to be more additive. And I'm looking back now with our eFront acquisition. I don't even know how we were able to operate without having those sleeves now and making -- we've been spending years talking about the need with our investors to have more illiquids and now we have the technology to be helping them to. And this is why we believe it's additive, not only for the Aladdin business, it is very additive for our all -- for our entire Al's business.
Larry Fink: Let me just add to that. As I said yesterday in my CEO letter and the firm's client letters, we believe sustainability and the issue is going to have a very large investment impact. For those investors investing in a long illiquid product they have to seek now in 10 years if there is evidence of climate change, how that will be impacting that investment that has a 10-year horizon. So more than ever before we have to drive analytics to help more and more clients, more and more investors understand the interconnectiveness of how climate change, the potential impact of climate change, how does that impact every single investment we have. And because of the resources of BlackRock, the scale of BlackRock I believe more than ever before if we execute on what we intend to do and we could, that's our intention. If we execute, we have probably one of the broadest opportunities that we've ever had. I believe we will be able to differentiate ourselves more than any other firm by providing these analytics by using them on Aladdin as using them as an investment tool this can differentiate us more than any other organization. And this is a call to arms at BlackRock. This is probably the biggest project that we've worked on in years that we have embraced the entire organization and I want to underline the entire organization to be more prepared to start focusing on the analytics. So we have better understanding, overlaying let's say imaging technology on the physical impact on the world and different elements of rising temperatures or rising water levels. By having a better understanding how insurance companies are focusing on their insurance risk and looking at areas that have potential climate risk implications whether that is from fire, flooding or other actions. I do believe as I said in my letter, the possible changes from climate risk have serious implications in other countries that have heat issues and beyond any flooding issue, it could just be heat that's changing the output of their crops. What does that mean for that country's GDP? Should we honor that country's debt? These are all really important things and that I don't believe the investor universe is prepared and it's the management's expectations at BlackRock that we become the leader in designing better tools and helping people navigate this uncertain sustainability future. We are really passionate about it.
Larry Fink: Yes. Thank you, Operator. Thank you everyone for joining our morning, and your continued interest at BlackRock. I am proud of the progress we have made to lead the industry throughout 2019. And I can promise we will continue to invest. We will continue to innovate in the years to come. So we could be better in what we do and better to meet our clients' needs. And through that we will generate more growth. And if we continue to fulfill our purpose of helping more and more people experience financial well-being, we will be better positioned as an organization and to you, our shareholders. Have a great start of the New Year and enjoy the next decade. Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: So, Rob, I think that early stages are suggesting that everything we anticipated about the eFront strategic fit with Aladdin was well thought through and ultimately is going to come true. Again remember, Aladdin effectively began as more of the premier Risk Analytics and Portfolio Analytics system designed primarily to liquid. As you know, we spent a bunch of time thinking about attempting to build what we've done on the liquid side for illiquid as we thought about doing eFront. And the reality is doing eFront will accelerate that by a number of years for us. I think clients have been very engaged with us in terms of thinking about getting and bringing their entire portfolio together on a single technology platform that allows them to basically bring the same expertise we've been doing for them for years on the liquid side. So, their illiquid to get a complete view of the entire whole portfolio that they have from a risk and analytics perspective. We've had a strong and growing pipeline with a number of live opportunities globally. We actually won our first joint client, which we announced earlier in the year, and our expectation is that this will, that as we bring this together over the next six months to 12 months, it will continue to basically reinforce our long-term growth of low to mid-teens for the combined technology business.
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Patrick. I mean, I think we've been, we've tried to be pretty transparent on our definition of non-core. So just for a little perspective, I mean if you look at the fourth quarter; the fourth quarter was up about $130 million. We talked about some of the seasonality in there, but there was about $50 million of, again, what I would call non-core, in that case, it was contingent purchase price value adjustments as well as foreign exchange remeasurement. That $50 million is probably about 150 basis points of margin in the fourth quarter alone. If you look at the full year, we had about $164 million of what I would call non-core that included $60 million plus for fund launch cost, that's already adjusted out of margin, but it also included a little over $50 million of these purchase price fair value adjustments, which is actually as those go up, it means that the businesses that we've acquired where we have contingent payments are doing better. So that's a good thing. We had about $31 million of FX remeasurement, and there's probably of $15 million to $20 million knock in there for just deal fees related to things that we were doing during the year. So that's kind of the numbers that we would basically think is kind of a non-core. And so while we think about that 5%, we're trying to look at apples-to-apples. And remember, we also have a little bit of lift up from the year just general because we have 12 months of eFront relative to the eight months that we had in 2019.
Gary Shedlin: So Alex, it's really no different than the messaging we offered at your excellent conference at the end of the year. I think that, frankly, obviously, we'll react to pricing in various segments of our business. But the reality is, most of our strategic pricing investments are really driven towards our iShares business. And I think as we said for the most part, we have a number of criteria we need to meet in terms of when we will make those decisions. We need to see high future growth, but we need to basically see growth in particular where clients are price sensitive and if we see basically the combination of those two things, we will consider basically making pricing investments. Since about 2016, we've invested approximately 1.5% to 2.5% of iShares revenue annually and over that period of time iShares revenue has grown very substantially roughly by 25%. And we think that in that respect as a look back that pricing investments have been good, not only for clients but honestly also for our shareholders by virtue of the positive NPV that we've delivered. In 2019 our pricing investments were at the lower end of that range, but I would expect that we would move to a more normalized level of pricing investments during 2020 and obviously that's an important element of maintaining leadership within our iShares franchise. We know that those tend to be long-term sticky assets and revenue streams. And we think about pricing investments no different than any other strategic investment in our company and we tend to budget them and take them into consideration as we think about making sure that we are growing or optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. There is no question that we think at the moment, most of the pricing will be focused on the core and likely in certain elements of more of the core related fixed income categories, but importantly I think most of the growth that we are seeing in the strategic segments that Rob mentioned earlier as well as where the client simply don't focus on price as a key decision of their buying decision in the precision instruments and importantly in the liquidity areas, those are higher fee today and those will not be a target of any of our pricing investments going forward.
