Laurence Douglas Fink: Thanks, Rob. I guess the only question I have for you, why didn't the Yankees win with an iShares ad? It certainly didn't help. Let me just wrap it up and open it up for questions. Let me just give a few takeaways from the quarter. We generated top line revenue growth of 4% and over 23% over a year-to-year basis, increasing our EPS. We strengthened our operating margin to 40.7%. We delivered strong investment performance across our platform. We're rebuilding our equity team in the U.S. We experienced the best quarter in ETFs since 2009. And lastly, as I try to say pretty loudly, our messages are resonating with our investors. And our strategic growth areas, income retirement, ETFs and solutions are fueling our growth. Our brand is getting stronger, and I expect the momentum to continue in the coming quarters and the coming years. With that, we're happy to answer any of your questions.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Matt, this is consistent with what we've been saying. We're not suggesting there's not room for active ETFs. We just don't believe as the overall industry is going to be driving that much of the growth, and the real key will be using ETFs as a tactical allocation product. As evidence of what we did with this institutional pension fund, by allowing them to simplify their huge fixed income positions and having 4 different dynamic fixed income ETFs allows them to move around the allocation from emerging markets to credit, to low duration and back and forth. And we believe you can earn alpha through that mechanistic way of moving around your weightings by those categories using ETF. This is what we believe is going to be a lot more dynamic. So allowing the investor to do more of that asset allocation within fixed income institutionally will lead more and more institutions that can be driving this. This is one of the big reasons why we believe it could be a $2-plus trillion market
Laurence Douglas Fink: Vanguard is an excellent company. They have a great market position. They have a great brand. I'm not here to talk about my competitors. They are actually a big client of BlackRock, too. So I'm not here to discuss what Vanguard may or may not do. I believe we're in a very good position. I think we responded to some elements. But let me just say overall, this is not a price war. This is all about working with our clients. I think you guys, and I'm kind of -- I mean, including the press, have created this myth about a price war stuff. There's nothing related to a price war. We did not think about this as a price war. We thought about this as a means to be much more comprehensive to our clients to provide, as Rob said, core products that will fit our clients needs, who have different dimensional needs than some of our other clients. And so we've got to move on from this myth about a price war. As this -- we had our healthiest quarter. We are very optimistic about where we are. We're well positioned in product engineering and product design. That's what's -- that's the greatest dynamic that's going to fuel ETFs. It is not about pricing and all that. It's responding to clients to provide products that fit the needs of clients as they expand in product, as they expand geographically. And I think we are as well positioned as any firm in the world, in the ETF world to be responsive to our clients in products, in geographic mix and in design and then linking these products into a solution-based relationship.
Laurence Douglas Fink: The secondary market liquidity is tantamount. I think we have 3x more liquidity in that product than any Vanguard product. So it is an institutional choice and we continue to do that. The one thing that people are failing to look at, too, is institutions, by and large want to use the MSCI Index and so that's a big change, too, going forward. But the one thing that no one is focusing on, if you're an institution, you're much more attuned to tracking error. You're much more attuned to liquidity bid-ask spreads. And if you add up liquidity, you'll add up the most recent tracking error differentials. The spread that you're suggesting is far smaller than what it really is. And institutions understand that. It's a harder thing to understand if you're retail. But institutional, and this is why we are continuing to see $6 billion of growth, this is why we continue to believe what we're doing is the right one. And you know what, we'll find out in a year or 2 if we're wrong.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No question. First to market is a huge advantage. That has not changed. That has been our position, and we've discussed this over many years. And obviously, we are aware of first market issues. On the other hand, we do believe the brand of BlackRock and the brand of iShares is quite compelling. Most ETF platforms are just not growing enough. They're not going to achieve scale or velocity. And I do believe we have an advantage with our platform. Our platform that we have in retail, our platform that we have globally and institutionally, allows us to have more connections with retail clients, and more importantly, with institutional clients globally. So there's no question, first market mover is a very compelling, strong foundational issue. We know we can't change that dimension because we fully believe that is a very compelling dimension in terms of looking at growth of ETF product. But we do believe just like -- with our brand, with our brand advertising backing this, we believe we have a large opportunity in hand in building our market share in that product.
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question if our core products can build more rapidly than you think, there's no question you could see a slow burn from the large product -- from the existing product to the smaller one. I'm not here to suggest otherwise. In addition, first of all, our fees are not our decision. There are mutual fund, and in this case, our iShares board's decision. So, I don't want anyone -- it's pretty hard for me to discuss this. I don't even -- I'm not on the board, Rob is. But it is a board decision related to fees and it is the board's decision to determine how should fees be looked upon versus various products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: The key is -- the real key is, if you look -- talk about bar-belling for a second, Bill, there's just so much money flooding into alternatives. And so we see that unabated. But the reality is a lot of hedge funds are certainly underperforming the equity markets now for a couple of years. And it looks like this year is going to be another year where most hedge funds are underperforming. The real question will be, is there a pivot point whereby investors start saying, "Gosh, I maybe not as interested in hedge funds strategies or as much and maybe I will use some of that allocation to go back into fundamental equities." So don't just think it's active-passive. It is also a balance between investing in alternatives and fundamental equities.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Yes, yes, yes. We have been told by our distribution partners we need -- if we're going to be the #1 or 2 largest providers of products, largest providers of solutions in both iShares and in our mutual funds, we needed to have more brand awareness. And -- that is -- and so we've been told by our distribution partners, it is necessary for us to have more branding, more brand recognition to support their effort in selling our products. So we are responding to our clients, and they were loud and clear to us a year ago, in that we needed to build brand awareness. That is truly our objective. And in a very short period of time, we are achieving some of that. And it's a long story, and it's going to take time. And time, if you have the message over time, that message becomes very strong. And the great brands have strong brand messages that are resilient over time. That is my #1 priority related to this brand, branding effort. So we can have a long-standing brand effort that has a connection with the retail client. So our distribution partners can find it much easier to talk about BlackRock or BlackRock iShares products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. It's -- we have a lot to look forward to, a lot of volatility. We have a presidential election. We have a fiscal cliff. We have -- and we also have European uncertainty in front of us. Setting that aside, though, BlackRock is as well positioned to respond to all those issues to our clients, to help our clients in terms of understanding how to deal those uncertainties. And as we said in our branding initiative, BlackRock was built for these times to be responsive to our clients, to helping our clients overcome the uncertainty around all of these big macro issues. And lastly, I just want to thank all of the employees of BlackRock for a great quarter.
Robert Steven Kapito: So as you know, we have a lot of products on our platform. And what we're finding is that the dialogue that we're having with the financial advisers is more wholesome. They use both mutual funds. They buy stocks, bonds and use ETFs. And what they want to have is a more wholesome conversation about how to use both in their asset allocation. So we think by sending someone there and combining that group to have those more wholesome conversations, that we're able to expand the type of business that they're doing with BlackRock, because they're looking for stewardship, advice and solutions and not just someone that's coming in with one particular product. We also think by combining this, we'll have a greater outreach because it takes more time to have those wholesome dialogue. And in order to expand our reach, we want to have more people in the field having those direct conversations.
Robert Steven Kapito: So we are continuing to explore the active ETF market. Currently, we really don't have enough evidence to show that, that is going to expand as dramatically as putting fixed income ETFs in more of an asset allocation model. That's where we're focused right now using fixed income. But we do believe that, that is going to continue to grow. It gives clients a more liquid way to be in the fixed income market. As far as the multi-asset, we think that is a huge growth opportunity, one that we are particularly set up to do because people are looking for, a, the asset allocation and, in fact, a way to enter more high-yielding instruments like alternatives. And we think that there will be many, many more opportunities to iShare various vehicles that are in the marketplace. So we look at that as growth opportunities for us as well.
Robert Steven Kapito: So initially, we don't expect to see any savings from our combination of the sales force. We want to see how this is going to work. We want to size it properly. We want to make sure that they're having the appropriate dialogue. And we think we'll see increased sales. But we're not expecting that right out of the box to have any incremental savings on that. So that's really the first part of it. As far as the margin goes, we don't break down the individual products in that way. But we can certainly say that iShares contributes to the healthy 40% operating margin that we currently have, and we expect that to continue. And the other part of your question is that, how soon do we expect to see growth in the new products? We have the pedal to the metal here. We're going out in advertising. The sales force is ready. It takes a little time to go out and talk to everyone, but we're working hard on ramping these products up as quickly as possible. Those are the foreign new products. And as you know the 6 existing ones that we have changed the price, we are already seeing flows into those particular products. So those are already outstanding and ready to be ramped up in new products. We're going to have everyone out discussing it and hope to do it as soon as possible.
Robert Steven Kapito: No, we've done a lot of work on this, and we've been working on this for the last 6 months, trying to really identify the major core products that this buy-and-hold sector is interested in. And we want to have the large and very liquid products that they're looking for. And this is the group that we identified. We will start here, as our clients need change. Then we'll look to -- if we need to make as much change, we'll change. But this is a lot of research over the last 6 months to make these changes.
Robert Steven Kapito: I'd say Larry has said it directly. The field is narrowing based upon performance. If you have the performance, there are flows to get. So I would not rule out active equity, and we're going to build that area because there will be another cycle where active managers outperform their benchmark significantly enough for that money to move. And we want to be there to capture that money.
Robert Steven Kapito: Let me just say, look, it's a very generalist question. Over time, it will depend upon what the competition is, what the value proposition is and then what the innovations are that we're able to establish to want people to come to our products and they're willing to pay for those innovations. So we have to be on the cutting edge, and we have to earn the fees from them. And that's what our strategy has been for the last 20-odd years. But what you're talking about is that everything always reverts to price. And remember, we have vendors, too. So we understand that from our perspective as well.
