Laurence Fink: Well, as I’ve been saying, I think we’re going to have an inverted yield curve for some time, but let me get into the specifics of your question. Obviously, fixed income is a broad universe of different products, different maturities or durations. During market volatility, like we’ve witnessed, you would see outflows from retail as they move into different products, maybe in the cash, maybe in the equities. But if anything, in fixed income institutionally, you see it very stable. And if we have rising 10-year and 30-year rates , you’re going to see a huge movement in defeasing of pension fund liabilities, which is going to create a huge demand. That is why I believe we’re going to have an inverted yield curve, which I’ve been talking about for quarters. But tactically, investors can move out of longer durations to lower duration or shorter duration. Obviously, if cash and money market funds begin yielding 2%, 2.5%, you’ll see movement away from maybe longer-dated funds into shorter-dated funds. So let’s be clear, movement within fixed income is quite large. As I talked about, 40%, greater turnover in our fixed income ETFs, some of that is repositioning across a portfolio, and that’s what we’re witnessing. And I think that just highlights the resiliency of fixed income ETFs that is able to really help investors worldwide with that type of liquidity. But I think clients around the world are going to be navigating this. You mentioned SIO. SIO, obviously, with an unconstrained duration, depending on the investors’ wishes and how they think they should be positioned, is a great example of innovation within fixed income that investors can now give our investment team, under Rick Rieder in this case, the ability to navigate around that duration. They’re not stuck to the duration of the aggregate index. And I believe that’s -- we did see flows there. We’re going to continue to see real opportunities unconstrained. This is why we’ve developed SIO. So I think across the board, you’re seeing portfolios are being navigated around fixed income, but we basically broadly saw clients are reevaluating where they should be across the yield curve. We continue to see broad-based demand from municipals in this country. And so across the board, we’re not seeing any real panic at all in the fixed income market, despite the worst performance in fixed income in 30-plus years in one quarter. So, I would say rising rates is an opportunity, not a problem. I would tell you clearly that this is where the conversation and deep partnership is really helping us with our clients and helping them navigate how should they think about duration, and how should they think about inflation, how can they -- can they create a return that’s above long-term inflation rates. So, these are all the issues that we are in dialog with. But I think we’re very well positioned for working with our clients on a rising rate environment. And let me open it up to Rob to give you a little more tactical information.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one more point. As I said in my prepared remarks, the interconnectivity between sustainable investing and infrastructure is going to be enormous, whether it is a pipeline in Saudi Arabia, or a pipeline from Texas to Mexico, or investing in the sequestration of hydrocarbons and H2O in the Midwest of the United States. The building out of new renewable platforms of charging stations. Across the board, the conversations we’re having with new innovative companies in technology and the robustness of our conversations with the largest energy companies in the world, our connectivity in this space has never been greater. And I would say with high confidence and high conviction, the opportunities to place a lot of money in very unique investment opportunities in this interconnectivity, sustainability and infrastructure is going to be large and it’s going to be multiple years of investing.
Laurence Fink: As I said, we’re in large dialogues with the traditional hydrocarbon companies, energy companies. We’ve had numerous conversations with the leaders of every energy company in the world about how they’re moving forward. I think the geopolitical issues, as you framed the question, is going to spur a huge amount of investing, huge amount of investing in the exploration and development more oil, but at the same time, elevated energy prices is going to accelerate decarbonization technology. And I think what you’re seeing, whether it’s the $1 trillion investment in infrastructure that the United States voted for last year and now the real commitment out of Europe to build LNG plants to have less dependency on one supply chain Russian gas, I believe in our conversations, even at country levels are very large and how can they create multiple supply chains for energy. And that is a combination of decarbonization technology and a combination of insurances, of having energy to meet the needs of society. So all of this is going to be -- it’s just a long-term project. It’s not going to be a straight line as my lenders wrote about. Any energy transition has to be fair and just or it doesn’t work. We are witnessing that now, the supply shocks and now excess demand and so all of this is playing out that it’s going to create an investment boom, the combination of fiscal spending on the US part, the European part. We had -- as in every country, we have conversations about decarbonization or the utilization of hydrogen. I was in Japan last week, a lot of conversations on hydrogen and what role can that play in Japan. Two trips to the Middle East, more conversations about -- as they move with a lot of sun and solar moving more towards more renewables, the movement away from oil as they utilize a lot of oil for power production in Saudi Arabia to move to gas, so moving from dark brown light brown. All of this is just going to stimulate a lot of excess demand for product and supply of product. And I would have said, for the last few years, a bigger issue is supply of product, not demand. Then I do believe the supply quotient over the next few years is going to be larger which just means more and more opportunities. And we are -- in our forecast for new growth in these areas, we’re forecasting the build-out of three large infrastructure funds to meet these needs.
Laurence Fink: Well, first of all, great question, very timely, especially with the rising energy prices and all the issues of supply shocks in hydrocarbons. In all my letters, I said an energy transition is not a straight line. It’s a 30 to 50-year time frame for us to move that forward. It’s not today. It’s not tomorrow. And the key is making sure that we have energy transition that fills the needs of all societies, and higher energy prices really crushes emerging markets and harms -- the poor in every country that is dependent, a higher percentage of their disposable income that goes to energy. And obviously, you couple that with food inflation, it has a severe impact. Does that change the long-term nature of ESG or as I think you’re framing it more or on the sustainability side? Not really, because we’re going to -- we always said we’re going to have to invest in new technologies to bring down that green premium. Well, the green premium obviously is reduced with higher energy cost today, but we still have that green premium in a lot of the technologies. A lot of this is just going to take quite a bit of flow at the time. But if you just look at the evidence of our first quarter, we had about $19 billion of sustainable flows. Obviously, that’s down from prior quarters but certainly up from two years ago. Much of it was an active strategy. So as I talked about, what we’re trying to do in the alternatives space, $8 billion was in ETFs. So, I’m not going to respond to any one quarter valuation. Of course, in quarters where you have rising energy prices, energy companies, and we would -- they’ve done fantastically well as they should be. They were cheap, they were undervalued. They were trading below book in many cases and how the market has come to appreciate much of that. As you know, also, I’ve always said, I don’t believe in divestiture. BlackRock has over $180 billion in investments in this. So we are working with all the companies about how to move forward. And so in terms of a one quarter return on one product versus another, let me be clear, most investors are not doing this for a quarter or even a year. These are long-term views on the movement towards more of a decarbonization future of the world, and that doesn’t change anything now. We have rising energy prices from energy shocks. It’s very harmful for society, and governments are responding. In Europe, you’re seeing many governments putting caps on energy prices, because it really harms their populate. So, this is a really complex difficult issue, but I don’t think it changes anything in the long-term. And let me be clear, BlackRock is the largest investor for pension funds and retirements than anyone. We have a long-term responsibility in making sure over the long run, that our beneficiaries to achieve their long-term aspirations and goals. And so, there’s no question this energy transition is real. But it’s going to be not a straight line.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. Once again, I want to thank everybody for your continued interest in BlackRock. I strongly believe our first quarter performance is a direct results of our commitment and our deep commitment to our clients, as I said just a minute ago, and our desire investing for them over the long-term ahead of their needs. We see tremendous opportunities ahead of us, and BlackRock has focused to be remaining and working with all our people, working with all the communities where we operate and working in a comprehensive way as we try to stay in front of the clients’ needs. If we continue to stay in front of the clients’ needs, if we continue to be a voice of long-term investors, I believe we will continue to deliver those durable returns that all of you, our shareholders, expect from us, and that is our commitment to you. Everyone, have a good quarter.
Robert Kapito: Yeah. So just to follow-up on Larry’s comments, we typically are helping clients assess their duration and maturity risk, especially in their core bond portfolios. And we help them rotate within fixed income depending upon what they’re seeking protection from, which could be rising rates in different parts of the curve. And that is why we saw $1.5 billion of net inflows into SIO and FIGO, as Larry described, that are less constrained. But more importantly, we see this in the ETF market, because it’s the ability for people to gain market exposure and tactical positioning very quickly within fixed income. A lot of times, you have to accumulate the positions over a period of time. It’s much faster, quicker diversified if you do that through ETF fixed income. So we’re seeing flows across the board. The performance has been good, but certainly clients are concerned how do we position in a rising rate environment.
Robert Kapito: Yes. I think the business of managing money has gotten very complicated, very expensive. Firms have not invested in the technology that they need, and the scale and size of what we can do can help them get better investment performance at a better price and certainly sourcing with the scale and size the BlackRock has can help them. So we actually can go in, have a dialogue, work together with the company and the people that they have there. And do it faster, better, cheaper and handle the operations and technology as well.
Robert Kapito: Huge demand, Mike, from -- for private credit and loans. Those are the two areas. And as you know, a couple of years ago, we did an acquisition in the loan area because the performance of that product has been great during various cycles. And these are good mom-and-pop type companies that don’t have access necessarily to the public markets, and it’s very expensive. And due diligence is required, so you have to have the team to do that. But certainly, in the private markets, both in credit and in loans, we’re seeing increased demands. And I think that’s also a function of rates because they give you much more of a cushion for rising rates than the more obvious liquid credit products. There’s also a huge demand for real assets, and that has been an area of growth for us, as you know. And a lot of people are using that for an inflation hedge. So the textbook says when you see inflation, you sell growth, you buy value, you buy tips and you buy real estate. And all of those, including infrastructure, make for good investments. So we’re pretty well positioned. You know that we take a multi-asset approach to build portfolios that are going to be resilient. That’s what people are expecting for us. And that is why you see the unconstrained bond funds get money. And as I mentioned before, $1.5 billion into SIO and FIGO, equities, inflows into equities. And our dividend growth offerings can also be tools to help thread the needle between generating income and growth that could potentially outrun inflation. And traditionally, real assets like commodities, infrastructure, real estate will insulate a portfolio against higher inflation. So we’ve seen some clients tactically allocate to commodities. And in that area, we had about $7 billion of net inflows.
