Robert Kapito: So, I don't think it drives consolidation. This is a growing market and with the interest in it, there's a lot more players that want to be involved in the distribution. There are a lot of people that want to get in the game. Sometimes, you get in the game by different offerings you would have at different price levels. So, I think this is just the normal process of a fund – of a product growing and figuring out better rappers and better ways to distribute that product.  So we're not worried about it. We participate in it. We watch it very closely. It's just part of the normal growth, I believe of any product on a distribution platform. And also, the distribution platforms are changing themselves and becoming a lot more competitive, and when you add this along with a lot of the regulatory issues that are looking at transparency and cost, this is all going to be very, very fluid.
Robert Kapito: So we are combining our efforts, so that we can offer a spectrum of equity investments to our clients. But clearly, when you take a look at what scientific active equity offers, it is a lot of signals that are very short-term oriented, and if you look at fundamentals, there is a lot of work that's on long-term signals. It just makes sense to us to combine the two because they both are related to each other.  So when we combine those two with the BlackRock Investment Institute that we have that looks at both micro and macro issues in the marketplace, we think that we are going to get much better value and performance from our portfolio managers, who will have much better information both about the short term and the long term. And actually, we’re seeing the results of that already in the performance of both sides of the portfolio.  When we combined those two, keep in mind we're also combining the research both in the quantitative method and the fundamental method. And this has also worked very well for us in light of the MiFID II requirements where I’m not sure people are aware, but we have over 400 analysts internally that develop our own research. So we're putting together the quantitative, the fundamental tools, we're putting together the research, the portfolio managers all have access, and what's happening is we're getting much better wholesome alpha from both of the teams. So, so far, I would say it's been a very good success. 
Robert Kapito: So the first quarter of the year, a lot of institutions look at changing their portfolios and diversifying. Obviously, there is a lot of interest in the equity markets right now, because of 2017 and a lot of forecasts for 2018. So we are involved in those discussions and of course it really helps to come off a good year in performance in 2017 to be included in those. And those discussions are really across the board in various types of equities and they include more procession type, whether it be smart beta or multi-asset solutions, which we’re very, very well positioned for.  So, there are a lot of discussions. I do think you're going to see a lot of interest from the institutions to potentially replace some of their alternatives that will go into equities and also to take some of the cash positions they have and put them in to equity. So quite frankly, we're very optimistic on that and we will be included.
Robert Kapito: It's really broad based, Craig. Right now, we're seeing, it starts out from trading desks on Wall Street that are using ETFs to hedge their positions. It's going to fixed income investors that are using ETFs side by side with their bond portfolios. It's emerging markets investors, both institutional and retail that are looking to have more diversified instant access into the emerging markets area. Its portfolio solutions provider that are using it as part of a multi-asset class solution.  It's the RIA channel, as you mentioned, who are also trying to customize solutions and quite frankly, it's a lot of asset managers that are using iShares as a technology to have more operating efficiency in their portfolios and not have as many line items. You also have the insurance companies who have thousands and thousands of line items of portfolios that are looking to be much more efficient and also have portfolios that have more liquidity.  And now with all of the regulatory issues and where there has been fee pressure, you have a whole new group of people that are using them to substitute in the active space, because it's obviously much, much cheaper. So it's really, quite frankly, very, very broad based with the tail at the end of the year and start of the beginning of the year, coming more in fixed income than it is in equities and more in emerging markets, because people are starting to allocate some of their monies outside of the US for 2018 that happens to be a strategy across many of the distribution change.  So, we're really participating all across the board. And lastly, I would say is people who are innovating now in the smart beta area because we have over 100 funds that are ETFs for smart beta. So, this is a market that really is still in the early stages and every day, we have another client that comes in and finds another use for it. So, I'm just very optimistic on using this as a tool to help clients make better portfolios.
Robert Kapito: Yeah. I’ll take the first. There are a lot of clients that we have that have a large allocation to alternative whether they are hedge funds and private equity who have been somewhat disappointed in the returns that they had in 2017, relative to the returns they could have had, had they had exposure in the equity markets directly. So, there are some clients that are looking to move that increased allocation to alternatives directly into the equity market for 2018 as they have become more bullish and that's in light of all of the things that you know about, whether it be tax rates, earnings, global growth, et cetera, et cetera that they may have. They may be able to have a bigger return in the outright equity market than they do in some of the more alternative spaces.
Robert Kapito: So, we’re higher than the 30% that you're talking about. Most sponsors now are traded electronically. We have to be in this business. We’re one of the largest traders of fixed income instruments. So we are involved and invested in various methods to trade electronically. We have people focused day-to-day on technology, in trading. So, we're very involved. I think it's going to be higher and higher every single year, but we're also involved in making sure that the markets operate in a very effective and efficient way. So we have a very large trading staff. Every one of them is involved in the electronic trading business and we'll be continuing going forward and this is really an important part of also our Aladdin, where we are helping others who don't have that electronic execution capabilities to have it through our technology.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one other thing, Ken. We have -- as you know, we do not go to the last mile and work with any individual client. Our business model is to work with distribution platforms and helping them navigate their clients. So I would state that these changes that you're seeing in some of the distribution platforms plays very well into the BlackRock business model. We work with all the distribution platforms globally.  The access that we are experiencing in Europe as they’ve consolidated managers for years, both in the mutual fund side and the ETF side and in the United States, the access that we're presenting and it is evident by the -- where some of the different distribution platforms are using models, they're utilizing many of BlackRock’s models in terms of the creation of ETFs and a creation of a portfolio of ETFs. So, if I had to make a bias, the trends of using fewer investment managers is not a new phenomenon. I don't even think it’s a new phenomenon for ETFs, but that trend has been existing for years, and because of our business model, that plays quite well with our business model working with all distribution platforms and we don't compete with our distribution partners.
Laurence Fink: I would just add one last thing. We did have $1 billion of outflows, which were forecasted when we did the restructuring. We actually saw more inflows, we actually forecasted actually a little more outflows, and I would say very clearly the trend for 2018, we will have positive inflows on our active fundamental and scientific equities in 2018.
Laurence Fink: I would like to bring up one point, Alex, because you connected tax reform with fee reductions and I don't see any correlation or connections. We will consistently review every one of our products if we do believe a product can grow -- return better returns for us over a long term and we believe the need to lower fees, we will be doing that, unrelated to tax reform. And tax reform is obviously a below the line result anyway and fee cuts are above the line, but we systematically review our products and fees and we will continue to systematically look at fees to provide the best value to our clients, but it's totally unrelated to tax reform.
Laurence Fink: Let me just say one last thing. Arch, we have seen success over the many years now in our performance, in our model based equities. We're in more dialogs. The atmosphere is very strong, so the much better backdrop. And we feel very good about the environment. So the conversations we're having when you mention consultants, are looking at our products more. And I see -- so I think the environment is very right for us to have better dialog with more clients, where the results should be that we could see more positive inflows. So I'll leave it at that.
Laurence Fink: Well, on iShares specifically, because you phrased there with iShares and you expanded, iShares specifically, I think what is changing the momentum for us in a positive way or enhancing the momentum is we're delivering a better service through technology to more RIAs. Historically, we were weak in the delivery of information and services to the RIA channel. As I said in my prepared remarks, we’re using technology to provide better services alongside our humans to connect with our financial advisors, both the traditional ones and the RIA ones.  And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are working with 25% more advisors today than we did a year ago with very little added in cost and so we're doing -- using technology to aid the conversation, to enrich the conversation, to fulfill more information and then follow-up with human connectivity. So that’s probably the most, the best example where we are bringing in more flows.  The other area where we are bringing in more flows is working with more of the distribution platforms on providing model based products and customizing it and in those cases, much of the product flow in these model based products would be flowing into our iShares basis. In terms of technology overall, we have a very robust pipeline for Aladdin, for wealth management. We see increased inquiry in the institutional side.  As I said, 50 different countries now, broader and broader penetration and we would expect a continuation of the growth rates of 14- ish percent going forward in our technology platform. We're very encouraged and we're very encouraged about bringing this all together. So, it's not one thing. It's by having Scalable Capital in Europe, by having FutureAdvisor. These are all connecting and creating more dialog, deeper penetration.  So I don't want to suggest it's one thing, but it's a multitude of all the things that we've been investing in, working in, investing in that is creating a better, deeper or consistent dialog with more financial advisors. You mentioned Cachematrix. That's not a delivery system for ETFs, but it is a very strong delivery system for us to connect with banks and the bank channels for them to drive more cash and money market types of products into the BlackRock platform and that's one of the reasons why we had accelerated growth in our cash management platform in 2017. And we expect a furthering of opportunities in our cash management business.
Laurence Fink: I think that’s one of the big issues that’s going to confront every major developed country and it’s going to even impact a lot of developing countries, even like China. In the conversations that I have with different clients and regulators and politicians worldwide, this is a big question. Unquestionably, I do believe longevity is under appreciated and I believe we have not adequately conveyed what it means to be a long term investor, because I think people are living longer and are in a state of retirement longer.  So the need to invest in longer duration assets has never been greater. I think this is one of the causes why the yield curve is so flat when you look at the [indiscernible]. Obviously, that's an inflation reflection too, but the demand for long dated assets remains really strong and you look at that at credit spreads and one of the examples why equity markets remains to be very robust. Worldwide, demand for long dated financial assets remains to be strong.  So one, it means continuation of – I think, this is one of the foundations why financial markets have a good fundamental foundation to it and we're seeing different -- in our LifePath products, we've extended the life of some of the LifePaths, we've extended ownership of equities longer on some of our LifePath products. But, as I said, the demand from institutional clients or long dated assets remains to be quite robust. The big issue that we all are trying to address is how do we help more and more people when they're in the de-accumulation phase? What type of advice?  How can individuals really have great financial literacy and financial assistance during the de-accumulation phase of retirement? I think this is one of the big issues of some of this anxiety that I spoke about in my prepared remarks. I also believe, there are so many people in the world who are sitting at 50 years old and are unprepared because under investment in their retirement and the over dependency of cash and bonds. It's how that’s playing. We just finished a two day board meeting.  We talk about long-term strategy and where we need to be working on. You brought up one important point that we are working on and that is how do we transform retirement in the world. That is one of BlackRock’s long term strategies and that intersects with technology, that intersects with what our business in the United Sates, our business in Europe, our future business in China.  So I don't have the answers yet, but we have many teams at BlackRock focusing on issues around retirement, around the longevity component of retirement, around de-accumulation and I think these are some of the most important questions that have to be raised and hopefully we can design products and meet those types of needs. I think as an industry, we're not there yet. I would also say, in society, we're not there yet. There is not enough debate here in the United States. There is not enough debate in Europe or anywhere else about how do we navigate the concept of longevity and retirement and the component of how does one have enough financial literacy to properly prepare for retirement and properly prepare for the moment when they're in the phase of de-accumulation.
Laurence Fink: I would say one other point. We have looked at technology as a major component of how we have our trading platform. If you look at the scale of our platform today versus our scale of five years ago, one of the – and why our margins have increased as a firm systematically is the technologies that we utilize in the operations or platform. And the trading platform that we have today is mostly driven through technology.  And that's one of the great advantages and that's one of the great advantages that we have related to Aladdin and why so many clients are looking to employ Aladdin, because the need of having greater efficiencies in the operations of trading is becoming more and more important and for those organizations that are not prepared electronically, they have too higher costs. And as fees are coming down and if you don't have those efficiencies, you're going to be left behind.  And I would also say one of the most important things about electronic trading and utilization of Aladdin, it brings down operational errors. So, it is a major component of what we do and we're very proud of the trading platform that we created and the efficiencies it has created for us on behalf of our clients. Let me just close and thank everybody for joining this morning. Our end of the year call – our 2017 results are directly linked to the investments we've made over time and importantly I do believe the results that you're seeing in terms of our flows is a direct result of the trust that clients have placed on BlackRock.  We will continue to leverage our differentiating scale and invest in our technology, and invest in the value proposition for our client and importantly create a great value proposition for our shareholders. I'd like to thank everyone with this call and wish everybody a Happy New Year and hopefully our year continues as robust as it has in the first 12 days of the year. Have a good one.
