Laurence Douglas Fink: It really depends on the situation. In some of our inflows and some of our pipeline, we had a very large international client that actually, in spring, took $12 billion out of the marketplace, and most recently added, I think -- I know $2.6 billion is in our pipeline. But they're starting to reinvest back into the marketplace. And so we are seeing -- we had another big fund that did the same thing in spring, that put $5 billion. That's in our number. So it really depends on the client, so as more of the international ones. But I would say, the pension funds, the insurance companies, I don't think they're paying attention to the 1-week, 2-week market movement there. They're going to committees right now. They're asking us to help. We actually have a lot of presentations with our institutional clients for the next month or so to try to help them come up with a strategy, working alongside their consultants. So it really depends on the situation. As I said, if some of those clients who really got out of the marketplace in spring or late spring, early summer, we are seeing those clients coming right back in right now. So it really depends on the situation.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Oh, we love our regulators. A, there's no question. It's not just a Volcker Rule. The Basel III, as banks are going to be required to have much more capital, the utilization of their balance sheet is going to affect everybody. Bid-ask spreads are going to be widening because these institutions are going to need to make some form of profit for putting their balance sheet in front of you. This is one of the reasons why we have been very rigorous in spending a lot of money, building the trading platform, to cross trades for our clients. This is one of the actions that we are doing, and we continue to do that. And we're continuing to build it. And so what we are trying to use that scale of ours to differentiate us with our clients and hopefully to reduce that friction cost that we're going to see in the marketplace, and so this is something that we are quite sensitive on. In terms of our interaction with our regulators, well, we are actually having some very good dialogues with our regulators. We are trying to be above the line with them and really working with them in terms of trying to help them understand the difference between asset management and organizations that work on their own balance sheet. We are trying to make sure that in our conversations related to ETFs, they understand the difference between ETFs and ETNs. We have been very rigorous in terms of -- and an outlier in the industry in the money market fund industry suggesting that capital should be put in place to offer NAV declines. And we do believe regulators are going to begin to focus on the money market fund industry, because I do believe from every regulator I speak to, they believe money market funds do present risk in the system. And there's going to have to be some ways of protecting the system. And so we are trying to work with regulators in terms of understanding the type of risk that's presented and how best to effectuate and minimize that risk. In terms of everyday business, until we really get more dialogue and in terms of -- and more certainty of how they're going to implement some of these strategies, it's hard for us to say how that will further impact BlackRock or how we work with our clients. But it's a moving dialogue, and I could promise you, we are involved in the dialogues with the regulators. When they want to hear our opinions, we are offering them as loud as possible. We have -- I think as you know, we do have an office now in Washington, working alongside with our regulators. It happens to be one of our biggest businesses now working in Washington. It's a core competency that we have to work with our regulators and working with our politicians to help our investors. So one thing I said to our investors at our conference, we are one of the lone sheep working with Washington in trying to protect investors' interests and investor rights.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And I would say, Bill, I do -- we do not believe actively-managed ETFs will be anything close to the scale of the market based or index-based products. But we do believe that clients are going to be looking for lower-cost solutions, whether that is multi-product, they're looking for liquidity. And so we are going to explore and expand in those product areas. But our expectations are that it's not going to be driving massive growth, but it will be more incremental.
Laurence Douglas Fink: It really depends. So, a, I think you're going to see -- I think you're going to see huge move into indexation of bonds, much lower fees. As I said, if you don't believe interest rates have that much further to go down over the next few years, you're only earning a few hundred basis points of return. And so we're going to start seeing other -- we're going to see clients looking to use beta as a bigger flow. You saw that in the ETF flows over the last quarter. So we continue to expect that to continue. We are seeing more and more inquiry in high yield and more and more inquiries in the higher-yielding fixed income products, whether it's in Europe or the U.S. So, once again, it's more bar belling. So indexing, obviously, is a lower fee, higher margin result, and the credit and the other types of products are going to be higher fees, in many cases, lower margin business. So I think we're going to be probably be as best positioned to handle that and take that in. I should remind everybody, indexation, even institutional indexation of fixed income, is not like indexation of the S&P. There are thousands of bonds in the Barclays index or other fixed income type of indexes. You have to have a lot more technology to replicate the movements of fixed income to get close to an index. So it's much harder for institutions to internalize fixed income indexing. So we look at that as -- even if institutions went that way, we would expect to be a huge beneficiary of that. The second thing, in terms of equities, we're going to continue to see more bar belling. As you saw the flows, people were de-risking in core type of products. They were going into more specialty type of products. They're going into more alternatives, and they are using as a baseline a foundation they're going into index. So it really depends on each client's issues, where they are with their liability, whether they are horizons and -- but I think it's very clear across the board, investors are looking for some form of advice.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. Hopefully, the markets continue to improve and stabilize in the fourth quarter. I think we are all waiting to hear what Europe has to tell us this weekend related to this new round of stabilization in Europe by the authorities and politicians in Europe. It's my hope that we find a stabilization. I have to remind everybody, if Europe does find a way to stabilize its future, they will put all the pressure on to the United States to making sure that the United States now focuses on a long-term solution. So I don't think volatility is going to be going away this quarter, but I do believe the opportunities ahead of us and ahead of BlackRock are even larger than even before. Thanks, everyone.
Ann Marie Petach: Okay. Craig, on the first one of those, whenever we have a quarter with performance fees, we usually get a little bit of margin boost from that, because other than the payout, the revenue shares, really, there's not incremental expense associated with generating those revenues. As far as the fourth quarter, what I said in my comments, I really said focus on the year-to-date margin when you're thinking about margin. I think every quarter of the margin can move around a bit, but I just sort of think in that range, as far as -- that's what we've achieved year-to-date. That's what's going to drive the full-year margin. And all things being equal, we should be delivering something. Now we know the margin can vary widely based on changes in market and levels of performance fees, and those are 2 big unknowns.
Ann Marie Petach: No, I think this is more of an environmental issue. So as you just described it, I think this is a period of time as the pipeline and flows get affected, as people have to pause and reconsider what is the right action.
Ann Marie Petach: You're right. The key driver in the decrease was marketing, and I actually think it's been great. We've had Linda Robinson coming into the firm, and what she's bringing in is really looking across everything we were doing. And, really, we were duplicating ourselves. We weren't always spending our money as efficiently to get our messages across clearly. And so we actually expect, going forward, to be able to do more with less.
