Laurence Fink: Well, first I apologize that we created any confusion. So, let's start. We do have $200 billion, sustainable long-term assets.
Laurence Fink: The difference is we have a broad base cash management space that is becoming more and more sustainable. So, if you add the cash side or the short term cash, it comes up to that $300 billion number. I hope I answered that question properly now.
Laurence Fink: Two, I think, the opportunity in transition is amazing. It is estimated we need to spend $50 trillion to have a decarbonized world and to do that is investing in new technologies. And we are very pleased at having a partner in Temasek, and we have had many conversations with them related to how can we bring the world closer to a decarbonized world without a premium or without a green premium. And this is specifically so relevant, not just in the United States, but it's so relevant in the emerging world. The emerging world is still growing and still has a greater need for electricity, greater need for building. The emerging world is just at the beginning of their economic growth. And so, if we are going to get to a net zero world, the need for innovation and investing for green hydrogen to bring that premium down to zero for biofuels, for sequestering carbon at a very inexpensive price, all of these are going to require new technologies for agriculture. Agriculture produces over -- close to 15% of the carbon footprint when you -- related to that. And so, we have many areas where it is going to require new technologies, and I truly believe we are going to have many young people instead of going into data and technology related to the social side of technology. I believe many, many innovations that are going to come from young startup innovative companies. But I would also say I am very bullish on our traditional hydrocarbon and chemical companies as they pivot. And I've had conversations recently with a CEO of a very large oil and gas company. Just yesterday I had a conversation with a CEO of a very large chemical company, and we're actually talking to them about how can BlackRock invest with them side by side on technologies for decarbonization. I mean, the science and technology that are existing companies in terms of the understanding of carbon and understand the science of transforming it to a more decarbonized world is great. And so, we are very encouraged about investing in startups, and that's what Temasek BlackRock decarbonization funded. But we actually are having many conversations about investing with our infrastructure teams, with our private teams, with our debt teams to finance this. We've had numerous conversations with companies related to biofuels. And so when we -- our employees are flying around the world that we could have a footprint that is net zero. And so, all of these are great opportunities for us and the investors worldwide.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Dan. Thank you. There's not one consistent conversation going on institutionally. Obviously, the question of inflation, the question of do deficits matter, are prominent conversations with our fixed income investors now. Some fixed income investors are looking to derisk, but derisking by going into low duration or unconstrained strategies. Some of them are looking to say I need more credit, or I need more coupon to take on that duration risk. And so, there's -- we still see demand in high yield evidenced by our flows.  So, I don't think there's one specific trend. But I would say the narrative around the question of inflation deficits are becoming a very prominent part of our conversations. Obviously, many questions related to equity valuations. The rotation from growth to value is that overdone at this moment, especially if the vaccinations take longer and other questions on that. And so, those were probably the dominant conversations. But if anything, Dan is, we said some of the prepared remarks, there is incredible pools of cash on the sidelines. I would say overall our clients are still sitting with big pools of money. Overall, they're still under invested. Now, I would say as a 10-year treasury rises in rates, that our liabilities become less burdensome. And so -- and if there is any continuing rising of the 10-year rate, the need for extending duration is no longer as necessary.  And so -- but the dialogues are very robust now. Many clients are putting and allocating more and more to privates and alternatives. Many clients now are using ETS for active exposures. That's accelerating, not decelerating. And so, I would say there's nothing that's prominent in any one conversation, except one thing, the conversation around sustainability.  There is not a conversation today with an institutional client on how should they think about climate risks? How should they think about transition risk? And as I just said in my prior question, what we are trying to have our clients focus on, not the fear of transition, not the enormous need for transition, but the opportunities that transition will entail to get it right. The investment technologies to make sure that we don't have this green premium or the net zero world will not happen, especially in the emerging world. And so, this is the beauty of, I would say of, capitalism. This is the beauty of capital markets that more and more clients are looking to be more prepared for this long-term trend. And many, many clients are asking the question, what role should their portfolio play in this long-term trend.
Laurence Fink: I would just add that, if you think about the growth of Aladdin from a platform that was just analyzing bonds to where we are today, the demand from our clients in terms of having an operating system that is end-to-end an operating system that is connected to their custodial bank like Aladdin provider and operating risk management system that not only connects public markets, but private markets. And we built those platforms around that. And then with the need of more information at the financial advisors fingertips, so they could provide deeper, broader risk analytics to their clients and that's Aladdin Wealth. We have built Aladdin around the needs of our clients to offer a better experience, better outcomes. And then I can't think of a better -- and more important time when Aladdin was necessary when we were all working remotely and still I'm working remotely and having an operating system that is connected worldwide. And the -- our clients worldwide have actually become more enthusiastic about how Aladdin shapes and helps their business. We believe Aladdin actually improve their performance and there was research by third parties that suggest those who have Aladdin have better financial performance. Then when you think about climate risk and transition risk, that is going to encompass from cash to the most long dated privates across the entire portfolio, across all products, across our regions, the need for Aladdin Climate and having data and analytics to justify the investments. We have to live under the department of labor rule of remaining to be a fiduciary. And so, we have to justify as a fiduciary that climate risk is investment risk. And so, more than ever before, I believe Aladdin is as well positioned because of how we navigated it to make it end-to-end through the custodian, to the wealth manager, now publics and privates. And then importantly, now with sustainability really speaks about the resiliency of the operating system and why we continue to have deeper, broader conversations with more clients.
Laurence Fink: Well -- hey, Aladdin, it is all digital. But -- in our dialogue with our clients, clients are asking questions related to what is the role of crypto or digital assets related to part of their portfolio. As you suggested, Robert, it is perceived as a possibly new asset class, similar to maybe commodities or gold. We don't believe it is a substitute for currency, but I do believe we're going to have digitization of currencies. So, it is just -- it's a conversation. We are investigating and how we can create -- how we could create different products if there's client demand related to crypto. But I -- let me just frame it. And I think one of the reasons for our success with our clients over the last 33 years has been our consistency of focusing on long-term investing. It is not about the markets and the behaviors of the markets and the ins and outs of the markets. Much of the dialogue today related to -- whether it's a game stop or what's goes out and with Reddit, it is about the TikTok and the day trading. And then, the activities around Bitcoin and other crypto, we're fascinated about it. We're excited about it as more people are enjoying looking at it, but the most of it is about trading and ins and outs of the marketplace. And so, in our dialogues with our clients worldwide, it is not a major question that is being asked. It is not a major conversation related to how does that fit into their portfolio. Summit does. Does it fit into their portfolio as a long-term investor? And I would just say overall, the actions around products that are around trading and the navigation of markets and new asset classes, it is not about -- it's just not about the whole foundation of our platform about long-term investing. And so, if somebody really wanted to build a big, deep dialogue related to this, they're probably going to go to another source. And that is just not a large foundation of the conversations we're having now. I mean, the conversations we're having with unsustainability is greater today than it was the last time we spoke to you. The conversation we're having about transition opportunities is so much greater than it was a quarter ago. And I believe the momentum there, I believe the opportunity there is so much larger than how is a crypto asset a long-term asset. And so, I don't want to diminish anything related to crypto and digital ideas. I'm fascinated about it. I think there -- it is going to be an asset class. We'll see how it performs over a long-term. And it may be a great asset class, but let's wait and see.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our first quarter results, again, are a direct result of our steadfast commitment to serving our clients. We are spending all our time trying to position our firm to staying in front of their needs, to try to anticipate their needs. So, we can be the first conversation with every client. And I believe we're fulfilling that. We're fulfilling a need in the entire financial services industry by focusing consistently on long-term, not -- we're not here to talk about the TikTOK of the market and the ups and downs. It is about focusing on items like retirement, focusing on items like sustainability and stakeholder capitalism. These are the things that we believe are building resiliency to the BlackRock business model, but also building long-term wealth for our clients and serving our clients well. Our job is to build a better future for our clients, so they could build savings and make investing easier, making investments more affordable, helping advance sustainability investing, and contributing in our communities to have a more resilient economy. And I believe our first quarter results truly illuminate our positioning with our clients, our positioning in the community. And we're winning more share of mind, more share of wallet with our clients than ever before. And we will continue to invest as Gary said for our future to stay in front of our client's needs. Have a good quarter. We'll talk to you later. Bye now.
Gary Shedlin: And Brian, just to -- it’s Gary. Just to -- quickly just capture what Larry was talking about in terms of long-term and total. The flow number in terms of sustainable strategies for the quarter was $24 billion long-term. That broke down into $17 billion in ETFs and $7 billion in what we would call active. And I would basically say that that was very broad-based across the platform and primarily equity, but also in fixed income multi-asset and all -- that represents in the aggregate on a long-term basis about a 50% annualized organic growth rate inflows.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks. Thanks Mike. So, we are -- I think as we indicated previously, we're definitely accelerating our pace of investment spend into 2021. I think that's a combination of a couple things. I mean, I think the first thing is that I think it's really critical to know and look back at our results, not only for this quarter, but the momentum for the last year had that effectively reflects the fact that we have consistently spent in our business to stay ahead of client -- client's needs, and across the franchise. I mean, without that consistent level of investment to try and stay ahead of those needs, we don't generate $525 billion of flows and 14% organic base fee growth with four quarters over a hundred billion dollars. We believe and you've heard Larry reaffirm it that our business has never been better positioned to take advantage of those opportunities, whether it's sustainable. There has been talking about a lot this morning, private markets, technology, China, and we are going to pursue those opportunities responsibly. That being said, we obviously remain margin aware all the time. We're focusing on managing that entire discretionary expense base as always. And we're committed to optimizing growth in the most efficient way possible. But our accelerated spend this year is really a function of what I just said, which has all the opportunities that we see before us and the reality that we just didn't spend what we thought we were going to spend in 2020. We made a strong commitment to our employees, not to reduce our headcount. And I think that was a good thing, because we saw the work units and the volumes increase throughout the year. We didn't really turn the hiring spigot back on until the second half and frankly late in the second half of last year. And so a lot of what we're doing this year is catching up to our business. We went into a year with a very specific budget in terms of our discretionary spend, whether that was in hiring, or spending on G&A. And we have made no changes to that since we last chatted. Obviously, I think between beta and our organic growth, we're ahead of where we thought in terms of the business. But our intent is to continue to spend throughout the year as to the original budget. We definitely got off to a little bit of a slower start in terms of tech, M&P spend. We are obviously anticipating some pickup in T&E towards the end of the year. And it's full speed ahead in terms of our plans for the year.
Gary Shedlin: So, Craig, I'll take the first and then I can -- I'll let Larry jump in and talk about our investment across the platform in terms of sustainability analytics and some of the things we're up to. We talked about the fact that we did have 12% year-over-year growth in revenue. And I think as always, the large preponderance of our technology services revenue today remains what we would call kind of the institutional Aladdin component. Obviously, we have other ports of that in terms of a variety of different, whether it's Aladdin Wealth or accounting or a bunch of other things, but the majority of that Wealth -- the majority of that growth is still year-over-year tied to the institutional business. Some of the component adds that we're basically anticipating, growth in over time are still at the early stages. And so, there's no question that as we begin to grow out things like Aladdin Climate, which is really just getting started, we think that's going to be having a much more significant impact on our year-over-year growth. There's no question that we believe that the demand for integrated and resilient investment management technology is increasing. The pandemic has increased awareness on the importance of technology. We're seeing industry consolidation, shifting product usage and regulatory requirements creating the need for more holistic and flexible solutions. And our pipeline for the remainder of the year is strong. So, again, continue to feel very good about that business. As I mentioned, the ACV at 16% is probably a little ahead of where we normally anticipate that just by virtue of the comparison to a year ago. But we are -- we feel really, really good about our positioning in that business, especially given our whole portfolio view across public and private markets.
Gary Shedlin: So, we've had a focus on our alternatives business for the last several years. And while we haven't raised $20 billion in one fund, we've raised $2 billion in 10 funds, and then those continue to grow. So, we have -- our current focus will be on credit, which is where our clients are looking to invest. As Larry mentioned in sustainable, we're looking at renewable energy, which we just raised one a very large fund. We will be following very closely the infrastructure bill and figure out how we can raise assets that we can deliver to our clients for infrastructure, which for many of our clients who would like long duration type assets, infrastructure fits very well. So, we'll probably go in that direction a bit more. And then, simply and seeing how the private equity market evolves and where our clients can earn alpha, drove our secondary and liquidations fund as some of the older vintages come due from some of the stable private equity companies that are looking to start new funds, but liquidate what is left in the older funds. So, what we're trying to do is really have a very careful eye on where we think the next value chain is and cannot be described both in a liquid form and an alternatives of funds. But what I would tell you is that our general theme is alternatives are going to become less alternative. And so, we are following that very carefully. And currently we are very focused on that -- how that compares with what our team thinks about sustainability and ESG going forward and how we combine the two.
