Gary Shedlin: So, thank you, Dan. You know that we believe that all asset management decisions are active, and as clients focus more on outcomes, both alpha seeking and index are going to play a pretty big role in their portfolios to drive returns. And in a lower return environment, alpha generation is even more critical as active managers have the potential to deliver a much greater portion of total investment return. So, active strategies have a critical role in building efficient portfolios for clients, with strong performance after fees.  Now, the type of volatile market that we've seen in 2020 created a lot of opportunities for alpha generation. And as Larry mentioned, our integrated platform is positioned to deliver investment solutions and portfolio construction, leveraging the industry's most comprehensive array of active and index strategies across equity, fixed income, multi-asset, alternatives, and cash. And the investments that we've made in our platform and our optimization of the unique assets that we have, our scale, access to relationships, and information globally, our data and technology, including Aladdin, and portfolio construction expertise have positioned us to capture client demand and drive investment performance. In equities, we have arrived. It's about performance. BlackRock has now seen five consecutive quarters of active equity inflows, including $8 billion in the second quarter and $18 billion over the last 12 months. The active equity net inflows in the first quarter were driven flows into several top performing franchises, where organic growth has been supported by a track record of consistent active equity outperformance, a differentiated offering at the right value and distribution partnerships included our health sciences with $3 billion of net inflows performing in the top quartile for three years and five years; technology with $3 billion of net inflows performing in the top decile for the three and five-year periods; capital appreciation and large cap growth with $1 billion of net inflows performing in the top quartile for the three-year and five-year periods. In addition, we saw $1 billion in scientific active equity flows from institutional clients. So, it's been a long journey. The investments we've made over the past few years, including high-quality, in-house research capabilities and the BlackRock Investment Institute, have positioned us better than ever before to capture client demand, and we'll continue to invest in data and technology to drive sustainable alpha generation, and we are incredibly proud of our equity team. On the multi-asset area, the net outflows of $5 billion were primarily due to outflows from global allocation as the world allocation industry category saw pressure. BlackRock's global allocation franchise significantly outperformed peers and stayed true to its three-decade promise of providing upside return and limited downside capture. Global allocation is now at the top of its peer group, performing in the seventh, 12th, and 21st percentiles over the one, three, and five-year periods. Global allocation has seen its share of the world allocation category net outflows fall from minus 32% at year end to minus 10% through May 2020, while maintaining its minus 8% market share of the category of assets under management. So, look, we continue, you know, that we've made changes in our global allocation, rebuilt the team. We are seeing very good momentum in that, and we expect to see growth return back in that, but we also continue to see multi-asset inflows into our LifePath Target Date franchise and continued momentum in our OCIO business. So, it’s an important area for us, but we are going to see both inflows and outflows as the world turns to different allocations depending upon the volatility in the market.
Gary Shedlin: So, Craig, we obviously have big ambitions for fixed income ETFs. And this last quarter has validated that this is an important asset class, core fixed income going forward. In some of the previous comments, we mentioned that the industry has crossed $1 trillion mark in assets under management, and we predicted this would double by 2024. But today, the category is already over $1.3 trillion with over growth split evenly between the second half of last year and the first half of this year, and our conviction in iShares leadership has been strengthened as a result of the strong performance and market disruption that you saw in the first quarter, and record iShares fixed income flows of $57 billion in the second quarter. So, more directly, investors of all kinds have more confidence in fixed income ETFs than ever before following the extreme test in the first quarter. iShares Fixed income ETFs performed under extreme stress with better liquidity, price discovery, usage, tracking, and bid/ask spreads than the underlying markets and competitors. So, as a result, we've seen increased demand from both institutional and retail investors, including a notable acceleration in adoption coming from wealth managers, asset managers, pension funds, and insurance companies all around the world. We just published earlier this week a paper called Turning Point, which provides further facts around our performance and why investors are using fixed income ETFs. We have seen iShares attract over 60 new highly sophisticated pension plans, asset managers, and insurance clients to become first time fixed income ETF buyers and now hold $10 billion year-to-date. Even prior to the Federal Reserve purchase of fixed income ETFs, insurance companies were net buyers of fixed income ETFs throughout the volatile first quarter and more than $2 billion worth of LQD was purchased in the first three months by these institutional investors, with 83% occurring before the Federal Reserve announced plans to buy ETFs. So, today, we manage over $634 billion in fixed income ETF assets and that's up from 514 this time last year and 402 two years ago. So, iShares gathered 47% of the $118 billion of industry flows year-to-date into fixed income ETFs and this inflow into ETF contrast with the continuing outflows that the rest of the fixed income industry has faced over the first half of 2020. So, investors of all types are recognizing that fixed income ETFs are more efficient, more transparent, offer better performance and more convenient ways to access the bond market. So, we continue to believe that global fixed income ETFs can double to $2 trillion in the next three to four years, driven by the modernization of the $100 trillion bond market and from conversions of bond securities by institutions, central banks, and alpha managers into ETFs and we're going to continue to evangelize, and we will continue to work with clients on how these tools can provide them with good value in the fixed income market.
Gary Shedlin: So, with low interest rates, there is still a room for a significant allocation to fixed income. We see it in the asset allocation models and we see it in specifically in the models that we are building both for the RIA channels and also for other institutions. BlackRock generated $60 billion of fixed income inflows across both the active and index platforms and this was meeting new demand and new client appetite for fixed income. So, investor confidence in both the active fixed income funds and the fixed income ETFs actually grew. And following the strong performance and the liquidity management needed amid this market stress in the first quarter and second quarter, we were pretty well-positioned. So, even though interest rates were lower, we saw that people needed an alternative to cash. And what we saw is incredible demand into both the high-yield and the investment-grade credit area. So, we saw a $13 billion of active fixed income net inflows, and that reflected $8 billion and $5 billion of net inflows from both retail and institutional clients, respectively. Institutional flows were pretty broad based, so even through rates were low; the retail flows were led by the high-yield franchise with about $8 billion of net inflows and where our flagship high-yield bond is performing in the 17th percentile. Now, the other point about low interest rates is note that when it comes to ETFs, we're the number one global franchise player. So, rates seem low in the U.S. today, but they have been lower outside of the U.S. So, we are seeing a huge demand for U.S. fixed income from Asia and from Europe. So, even with low rates, it's all relative. I still think that the fixed income market is going to continue to grow. You also saw the volatility in the markets, which is going to lead to people needing to execute in a more efficient way. So, I understand where you're going in that. But people will be still looking for fixed income. It just may move from treasuries to credit, to alternative structures.
Gary Shedlin: So, Aladdin provider, as you know, was created as a response to the industry's desire for closer integration along the investment lifecycle to drive efficiency. And as a leading investment management platform used by 90-plus asset managers globally, Aladdin is uniquely positioned to drive increased standardization across the ecosystem. So, by working directly with asset servicers to streamline the operating model, Aladdin provider leverages Aladdin's proprietary data interfaces and workflows to drive this connectivity and the transparency and the information symmetry between the asset manager and the asset servicer. So, through provider Aladdin, we have the capability now to enable custodians and middle office outsourcers to service client assets directly on Aladdin and this allows a further refinement and reduction of friction in our clients' operating models, improving the data quality and streamlining the workflows. So, more broadly, we are seeing the demand for what we're going to call interoperability with asset managers, trading venues, and the market data providers as they continue to grow as clients they want to increase straight-through processing. And this will consolidate the number of systems that they have to do their jobs and maintain optionality in their counterparty relationships. So, we're continuing to build this out. This is part of BlackRock's long-term technology strategy to provide technology for as much of the asset management value chain as possible. So, we are continuing to build this out, lots of interest and I think it will improve the ecosystem going forward.
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Bill. Good to hear your voice. So, I don't think anything has really changed with regard to our views on fee rates. As you know, we talk a lot about what we can control and what we can't control. And so as we've talked before, our fee rates are, obviously, in many respects, tied to beta, in particular, divergent beta, what's going on in FX, client risk preferences and the like. And I think as we mentioned last quarter, as we entered the quarter with a fee rate that was obviously down as a result of what was happening in the market. I think the good news is a combination of strong markets and organic growth and the second quarter has almost entirely eliminated the headwind that we had talked about last quarter. And while Q2 AUM, as you said, is up 13% since the first quarter, it's obviously still down. So, we estimate we're entering the third quarter at a run rate that's essentially equal to our first quarter base fees. We're probably about 4% higher entering the third quarter than we were over the second quarter. But on an equivalent day count basis, our base fees were still down sequentially. And as you know, that was despite higher security lending revenue as well. The impact of negative divergent beta NFX was also the primary reason we saw that decline 0.2 basis points in our second quarter effective fee rate, which will obviously impact us going forward. So, we're still -- there's still some beta issues. The good news is this quarter, we obviously saw a positive difference in our organic base fee growth relative to organic asset growth, and that's because we saw some significant success in some of our higher fee products. Rob's talked a lot about those. Obviously, iShares ETFs was this strategic category. It comes in higher than our average fee rate, as well as our active and our illiquid. So, I think to the extent that we can continue to watch and push some of those products, which I think we're incredibly well-positioned for, as we think about all of the trends coming out of the pandemic that have been in many respects magnified before the pandemic, where we were investing, so ETFs sustainability, fixed income more broadly, I think we're going to see some very positive impacts if we can see that continuation going forward. On the fee waiver point, as I mentioned in my initial calls, we haven't yet waved any fees. But in the past, when our clients have struggled with low rates and subject to market conditions, we have used yield support waivers. They typically come into play when yields fall below management fees. We typically share them with our distribution partners. And previously in other periods of time, we've tried to maintain yield floors of somewhere around one to three basis points. And so while timing is obviously depends on a lot of things depending on how quickly portfolios grow, how quickly portfolios turnover. We haven't really come into that. So as an example, our fed fund gross yield today is roughly around 26 basis points. That's in excess of the management fee, which is closer to 17 basis points. So, we do think that, kind of, putting in our -- looking at our crystal ball, that will probably start to hit us in August or September, but I would say a couple of things as you think about that. If we do choose to implement yield support waivers, we do anticipate that about 40% to 50% of those would be shared with our distributors, so that lessens the bottom line impact for us. And we would also anticipate that primary impact would be on U.S. government funds, which represents today about 50% of our overall -- our cash business. And then the final point I would -- I'll just leave you with in this current low rate environment, as we also mentioned, we've been seeing increasing flows into prime funds. And I think as long as those are operating and with the Fed currently, providing some secondary market support there, we do think we'll continue to see people migrate out of government funds and into those prime vehicles, which we don't anticipate to be impacted by fee waivers.
