Larry Fink: Let me add a little bit more, Alex. I truly believe it’s becoming more recognized, the superior nature of the ETF structure versus a mutual fund. We’ve heard many instances in which--many mutual funds who had negative NAV at the end of the year, but they also had capital gains taxes that they were identifying to their clients, and their clients in many cases just got quite aggravated by paying taxes with a negative NAV. Obviously with an ETF, you control your tax basis, and I think this is becoming a bigger and bigger issue. Navigating for the long term your tax position for taxable individuals and institutions is very important. We also believe the movement in the wealth management space away from stocks and products, navigating more towards models and portfolio construction, we are seeing elevated and continually elevated flows into ETFs. We think that trend is beginning. It wasn’t something that was short in nature. We believe that will continue throughout 2019 and maybe ’20, and this is one of the reasons why we continue to believe the ETF industry is going to continue to grow very largely, and I think the big surprise in the fourth quarter, as you suggest, was in a very volatile negative marketplace, you’re seeing portfolio reallocations being done out of mutual funds because we had elevated mutual fund outflows as an industry and into ETFs.  I also believe people are starting to think about ETFs more as a technology, not just a product. If you think about what makes companies really good, a lot of people ride on convenience. The convenience of ETFs versus other instruments far outweighs the other instruments, and I do believe the key towards ETFs and the convenience is now becoming an accelerant.
Larry Fink: Our business model is not changing at all. Where we believe our retirement solution business, especially with Microsoft, is going to go is working with our institutional clients through their DC plans and providing technology to assist our DC plan clients to provide the technology for them to better serve their employees. It is not for us to go direct; it is providing technology to help the companies have deeper, better connections with their employees, and one thing that we have seen, there has been a separation between the employer and the employee as defined contributions have become the dominant form of retirement. Historically when you had a defined benefit plan, there was an emotional, legal connection between the employer and employee, and in an era now of 3%-ish unemployment, whatever the level is - 3.7%, more and more companies are trying to find better connectivity with their employees to have better retention. But also, I believe going forward corporations are going to have greater responsibility and needs in terms of working with their employees to have their employees to have more confidence in their retirement plans.  We are developing the technology and, I should say, the pipes to tech-enable our clients, not for us to go direct ourselves but to have deeper connections, and we believe having that type of pipe and technology is going to be a way that we can enhance our value chain. It certainly is going to build more opportunities to build deeper relationships and ultimately more flows. It also can connect what we’re doing with Aladdin for wealth, where I believe it’s going to be transformational for BlackRock over the next 10 years. That is going to allow us to have deeper connection with the financial advisor. We have already heard examples where those wealth advisors who are using Aladdin for wealth, they have been able to secure bigger assignments from their clients because they’re providing their clients with better transparency of their portfolio, better risk analytics for their portfolio.  Our job is to enable our distribution platforms. Our job is to enable our institutional clients with better pipes and technology, and that’s how we believe we could generate robust opportunities which will entail better flows, but most importantly deeper and better connected relationships that will sustain ourselves over many years to come. 
Larry Fink: But I’m pleased to say in high yield, we actually had really good performance, so I think it was, as Gary just said, was a risk-off situation but as long as we continue to drive good performance, when there’s risk on again, we’ll benefit.
Larry Fink: Thank you, Operator. Thanks again for everyone joining us this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock. I believe our 2018 results are directly linked to the investments we made over time. Results are deeply connected to our deep partnerships we have developed and built with our clients globally through our solution-based approach, and we are going to continue to leverage our differentiated scale. We’re going to continue to invest in the investment and technology capabilities, and I believe it is those investments - those investments in technology, those investments in working with our clients worldwide, is going to continue to deliver value to our clients but just as importantly, value and opportunities for our shareholders.  Have a good start of the year. It started off okay, and let’s hope everyone has a very good 2018. Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: Good morning, Craig. We clearly have been seeing accelerated activity in redemptions in our institutional index equity book. I think a couple things are important there. One is to remember that this is really a scaled offering for some of our largest institutional clients, and while institutional index equity represents roughly a quarter of our assets under management, it only accounts for 6% of our base fees. When you strip out the impact of securities lending, the average effective fee rate on that book is around three basis points. As you correctly identify, we had fourth quarter outflows there. I would say that they were almost entirely driven by on a net basis by one large institutional client in A-Pac, and when you look at this on a full-year basis, I think there were some broader trends, really primarily linked to de-risking, asset allocation and cash needs by official institutions, primarily outside of the U.S. as well as DV plans in the U.S. Given the outflows in many cases are really from our more significant scale clients, the average fee rates on those outflows are in fact generally lower than the overall three basis point fee rate that I quoted on the general book. But again, keeping it into broader perspective, we look at the institutional business as a broad-based business. We saw continued demand from clients for our higher fee products - illiquid alternatives, multi-asset solutions, OCIO, LDI strategies to name a few, and in fact notwithstanding those low fee institutional outflows for the year which made the net flows go negative for the year, we actually generated 2% organic base fee growth in the institutional business overall.
Gary Shedlin: Yes, I think--well look, on the active equities side, when you look at both fundamental and systematic, I think on the institutional side we definitely saw some lower levels of outflows for the quarter. On the retail side, I think we’ve seen some benefit from our advantage series, which was part of our restructuring of our equity business about 18 months ago, which was a recognition of trying to migrate to a lower fee, more quantitative model. I think that’s actually benefited us and has done very well. We’ve recently launched that feature as well. I think on the retail side more generally, though, on equities, keep in mind that there is some seasonal impact of capital gains reinvestment that we see in the quarter, that always helps the fourth quarter a little bit. On the fixed income side, I think on the retail side we talked about some industry-wide outflows in both unconstrained and high yield, migration to the shorter duration product as well as just risk-off sentiment in high yield that basically impacted the entire industry, and obviously we have very significant market share in both of those products.
Gary Shedlin: Sure, so on the G&A side, the way I would think about it is we referenced the fact that our G&A went up year-over-year about $200 million. I would say that in our view, about half of that are what we could consider non-budgetable-slash-manageable items, so we have FX re-measurement, we have the purchase price contingencies that are obviously more one-time in nature and have revenue hopefully associated with that going forward. We tend to have some product launch costs tied to booking costs on closed-end funds that may launch in any given year, and then last year in particular we had a number--we had some elevated professional fees as it related to some M&A deals, obviously Brexit preparations as well as tax planning across the organization.  About 50% of that increase effectively of that $200 million, I would attribute to those non-core items, so hopefully that gives you a sense when we talk about--looking at last year, you know, my sense is that $100 million, to the extent we don’t have to see that again this year, is something that we would expect to decline year-over-year. So if you’re looking at it more on a full-year basis of stated last year to what we would hopefully expect this year on a more core basis, my guess is it’s down in the 3% to 4% type of area.  On the compensation, you asked a good question on compensation. We did see a decline year over year of roughly 110 basis points in comp to revenue, and as we’ve mentioned, obviously that’s driven in part by a continued strategy to embrace technology more broadly and to leverage our iHubs. When I talk about iHubs, we now have one in India, we have Budapest, and as you know, we’re planning on getting more ramped up in Atlanta. So as we continue to leverage that, that change the shape of the organization and obviously hopefully scale benefits do the same, which tends to drive our comp to revenue down. This year, we did have lower performance fees. Lower performance fees tend on the margin to have higher comp associated with them because teams get paid and then the rest of the employees get the benefit of that, so I would say that in stable markets and over the long term, we would clearly expect our compensation as a percent of revenue to decline as a function of continued investment and increased scale in our business.  We’ve talked about that resulting in an upward bias, however in the near term I think we could see some lumpiness in that trend. Obviously beta has declined fairly significantly - we talked about going into the year with a 6% lower run rate than last year. We’re obviously going to have to make sure that we protect our most important assets, which are our human capital, and we’ve been making some recent growth initiatives in things like obviously acquisitions around TCP or Tennenbaum and trying to get our long term LTPC in place, which is going to require us to basically make some one-time investments of deferred comp that could run off over the next few years. I think with that being said, I don’t think there’s any change in our long term trend, but we could see a little bit of lumpiness in the near term.
