Laurence Fink: I'm going to let Rob Kapito answer that question, but if you could see my face, I'm smiling at the opportunities.
Laurence Fink: I'd just add one more thing. Rob said it and I said I think in my prepared talk. Having commission free for low duration makes ETFs a great alternative to bank deposits, a really good solution towards money market funds. And so, a commission free in the fixed-income realm – cash and fixed income is a real opener for so many more participants.
Laurence Fink: So, let me just say one thing. Our relationship with Fidelity, as I kind of alluded to it, is as strong as ever. Our relationship is way beyond ETFs. It's about education. It's about working with their platform. And so, our relationship with Fidelity is unchanged, if that's what you're trying to allude to, related to what we pay them and other things. We have a great relation with Fidelity. We have great opportunities looking forward with them too. And I'll let Rob – go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think on one segment, private companies are having problems. And that's more growth-oriented, technology companies that are having problems going public. I don't see the overall market is in much trouble. But related to BlackRock and alternatives, as we said for a number of years now, alternatives is a strategic priority for BlackRock. We're now up to $126 billion in liquid and illiquid strategies. We manage now $71 billion of illiquid AUM across infrastructure, real estate, private credit and now LTPC. We raised $5 billion the last quarter between commitments and wins. And we raised over the last three years $46 billion, doubling our AUM in the category. I also believe, and this is one of the fundamental reasons why we think technology connects and helps us in flows, our acquisition in eFront, obviously, it's going to make the Aladdin system even more robust which I talked about, but eFront also gives us a greater ability to penetrate in terms of illiquid alternative sales. And so, we truly believe there is a deeper connection between what we're doing in technology and then the illiquid alternatives. And this is consistent with all our – with the entire BlackRock platform. We have consistently differentiated ourselves in the fixed-income universe for now 30-odd years by having risk technology. After the BGI transaction, we added all of the sleeves of technology for equities and that became a bigger component of what we're doing. And now, through the eFront acquisition. It really does help us having a unique perspective and a unique ability to integrate what we're trying to do in terms of illiquid alternatives. So, you're correct in saying, we're seeing more and more utilization of alternatives as an asset category. We know many clients are moving from 10% to 12%. Some clients are moving to 12% to 18% in terms of allocation. But there are also areas within the illiquid area that, in some markets, the valuations are fully priced too. And so, I don't think it's a perfect scenario. The area we believe and where we have a unique emphasis on – where I believe, over the next 5 to 10 years, we're going to see an expansion, that will be in the infrastructure side. We believe infrastructure is going to be a bigger and bigger component of both public and private, like we did in Abu Dhabi, but we see many, many opportunities like we did in Mexico a few years back. So, we believe that there's going to be – firstly, there's great client demand for the product and the key is finding the strong supply. And I do believe more and more entities, more and more players are looking to do this. I would also just say, we are one of the leaders in renewable energy. The cost now to put up solar fields, it produces electricity at or cheaper than natural gas. As a leader in renewable energy, this is going to be a major component of our future. Part of our flows was in a renewable energy fund. We just raised another big block. We're about to close the final raise of that fund. So, overall, it's a major component of how we're evolving our organization and we're very excited about the dialogues we're having with more clients.
Laurence Fink: There's no question, the resiliency of the overall fees for wealth management is pretty inelastic so far. We're starting to see some of the e-brokers charge much lower fees than the traditional wealth management platforms in terms of the overall advisory fee. But, unquestionably, when commissions are free, the investor is going to have to make a choice. Is the value proposition of having that advice worthwhile versus having a commission to your relationship? And every client is going to have to make that assertion.  But I do believe, just like we've seen in ETFs, we see now in e-brokerage, there is more and more fee pressure across different segments of financial services. Quite frankly, through technology, distribution is a better connection too. So, I believe where we are going to benefit, with the evolution of what's going on in wealth, though, is models and portfolio construction. And I do believe a portion of that is going to be factors and ESG. I think those will be the added products like we said how cash and short-term duration bonds will be lifted by that. But we also believe the utilization of models and portfolio constructions is going to be a major component of that value proposition for advice. And through that advice, we are absolutely confident that factors and ESG will play a larger role and it will accelerate adaption of those products.
Laurence Fink: I'd just like to thank all of you for joining this morning and for your great questions and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our third quarter results are directly linked to our deliberate investments we made over time, but, more importantly, our results speak loudly about the deep partnerships we're making globally with our clients. I said it time and time again, clients are looking for solutions. They're not looking for an asset manager who's talking about a product. Clients are looking for asset managers who are helping them with their purpose, not the asset manager's purpose. The client is looking for organizations that can help them in risk-off periods, in periods of risk-on. And I believe if you look at our $350 billion of flows over the last 12 months, our model is working. And we are continuing to be excited about the opportunities we have for BlackRock in the future. Thank you.
Robert Kapito: So, Craig, the commission-free trends have been very positive for iShares. And as Larry mentioned in his opening remarks, the elimination of barriers to investing simply means that more and more investors are going to have the ability to use ETFs. And as the ETF market leader, this has got to be good for BlackRock. More clients than ever before have access to the value and quality of iShares funds to hopefully achieve their investment goals. So, commission-free trading is actually accelerating ETF flows in the two fastest growing US wealth channels. One is the US RIA and that represents a $5 trillion market that has grown at a 10% compound annual growth rate. The other area is the US direct investors, and they represent $7.5 trillion in market that has grown at a 10% compound annual growth rate. So, our share on the e-broker platform has expanded since the commission-free trends began, and these segments are becoming a larger growth engine for BlackRock overall.  So, we're confident this will increase the number of investors using iShares as an essential part of their portfolios, and with our focus on quality exposures at very good value, we think that we will continue to lead the industry. As you know, global iShares generated $42 billion of net inflows, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth, and these flows were driven by growth in fixed income, core, factor, and sustainable ETFs. So, just to reiterate, because this is important, fixed income ETFs are a technology, and they're accelerating the modernization of bond markets and had a very good quarter with $24 billion of net inflows led by treasuries, mortgage-backed and high-yield corporate bond funds. We are also seeing clients increasingly adapting shorter duration fixed income ETFs as a substitute for cash in their portfolios. On the factor ETFs, we saw $9 billion of net inflows as investors sought resilience in their portfolios and defensive positioning; for example, in our min vol factor ETF.  The sustainable ETFs saw $4 billion of net inflows as we see increasing client demand for achieving sustainable outcomes alongside financial returns. And as Larry mentioned, iShares captured the number one market share of global, European, core, fixed income, factor, and sustainable ETF flows in the third quarter. So, this is just another way that we think is going to increase interest and demand for ETFs for our investors.
Robert Kapito: And we have other distribution agreements. They're not impacted by this. It really just simply gives us more access, and since we are already a very known commodity to these distribution groups, this really only enhances it, and it really is not impacting the fees that we are charging on our ETFs . This is a way for our clients to get in commission free to trade, which is very important as clients have moved more away from individual stock-picking to a portfolio construction and are using ETFs as a major tool in that portfolio construction. So, getting into it is where they're saving the money. It's not really impacting our fees. Maybe Gary wants to add to that.
Robert Kapito: Yeah, I was going to say, and dovetailing a report that you did, Michael, that we read that was very good, our survey shows something very similar that clients are not adding into their equity portfolios. They're using that portion to go into alternatives. And it's getting back to the original barbell trade where they're using short-term fixed income, so that they're keeping the risk the same and then allocating more to alternatives. Actually, I think this is a benefit for us for two reasons. One, in portfolio construction, they need to use the cheapest products and we are offering the passive and the ETFs which are growing in that way. Two, we are also offering the alternatives. But, three, more importantly, is sourcing assets. And it's become very difficult for clients to source assets by themselves and, therefore, they're putting out more money for people that can actually find these particular assets, which dovetails into what Larry is saying, into new asset classes being real assets like infrastructure and others which they would have a very difficult time sourcing themselves. So, it's actually fitting in to the strategy that we have, both having the passive and lower-priced product and now offering the higher-priced source assets, whether it be private credit which you saw grew dramatically last quarter here and the real asset and other alternatives which we agree with you are going to continue to grow.
Gary Shedlin: I think you guys both got it. I don't think there's any question this is a great outcome for well-branded, scaled ETF providers. And we're going to continue to prosecute our strategy as we ever have. But I don't see that there's any impact on our pricing structure as it relates to ETFs from this move.
Gary Shedlin: Okay. Well, I'll just assume it's a question. So, yeah. I think – look, we're, obviously, very mindful that we're in a market environment that makes predicting beta or counting on beta in a lower return world, given where volatility is, getting where divergent beta is, where fixed income markets are more complicated. So, we are obviously more aware than ever that we need to basically continue to invest in our major engines of growth. We highlighted alternatives. We highlighted technology. We highlighted ETFs. There's obviously much more beyond that, but those are the three that are incredibly critical priorities for the year and we are going to seek to get as much investment dollars into those businesses as we can going forward, which means, given our commitment to continue to be margin aware that we're going to reallocate as aggressively as we can to make sure that we are being mindful of both margin and long-term value creation for our shareholders.  In terms of the second question, which was – what was the second part of the question? Oh, the capital return. Thank you. In terms of capital return, I think you mentioned a number of them. We look at value relative to our peers. We look at value relative to the market overall. We look at value relative to what we believe our growth prospects are and we're constantly trying to basically see where we think it makes sense just given some of the – the market goes down and sell asset manager mentality comes from, where were we think there's some of valuation opportunities that make sense for our shareholders going forward. So, we look at all three investments. Absolutely relative.
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Patrick. It's Gary. So, again, if you think about some of the trends that we've had, we've talked about during the year, I think we've seen broad-based strong performance and flows in our active fixed income business. That's come from a combination of some of the market environment that we've talked about, but also really strong performance across the platform, candidly. If you recall last quarter, we called out a number of very significant large, strategic client wins and we actually had about $65 billion of positive flows in the second quarter. This quarter, we had a couple of clients that went the other way and we had, I think, in the average [ph] about $7 billion of outflows in the quarter. Again, I would call those more client-specific, lumpy redemptions. But it's hard to look at this in any three-month period of time. I think, more broadly, you need to look at the longer-term trend. And on a trailing 12-month basis, we're running right now at about $55 billion of active fixed income inflows, which is representative of about 7% organic asset growth rate. So, I think we will have timing issues, but the clear trend here is very positive in terms of the strategic positioning of this business.
