Laurence Fink: I don't know that much more than what you just said. We witnessed the changes from Merrill Lynch and Edward Jones. It is very clear though, that the fiduciary rule is teaching how our distribution partners manage their clients' accounts, as you suggested and more stated by these public announcements, it's moving more to a fee-based relationship, less commission-based relationship. We also believe it's going to move more to a model-based relationship too where you're going to see the CIO offices of the various distribution platforms coming up with asset allocation strategies. We certainly believe that in the DOL rules, it's going to mean fees are going to be very important and that's obviously one thing we can say with certainty. We don't know how that's going to play out. But we do believe, as it moves more towards managed portfolios, utilizing more of the centralization of models and corporate and asset allocation, it's going to move quite a bit of money more towards passive strategies, utilization of ETFs. We do believe it'll systematically move assets away from active, and so we're trying to get prepared, but one thing we can say we're certainty in our conversations though, it leads to greater need of risk management tools. This is one of the reasons why we have adapted Aladdin, which, historically, was an enterprise system for large institutional investment organizations. While we now -- have now adopted for Aladdin for wealth that we could go down to individual accounts and allowing the adviser and the organization to look at every relationship they have through the lens of risk management. And we believe under the DOL rules, having that oversight is going to be imperative and this is one of the reasons why we developed this technology. We're in dialogues with many, many distribution partners already related to Aladdin for Wealth. We have signed up one institution already for Aladdin For Wealth. And we're in dialog with many more utilizing the Aladdin system for the navigation of their clients' investment strategies. So we look at this as a huge opportunity for us. We're in great position to navigate. I should add, I don't think any other organization has those capabilities and so it puts us in a great position. By having that position it allows us to have more dialog, not just more dialog for passive strategies but more dialog in portfolio construction and models and active strategies. So having this opportunity to be working with these institutions, on the navigation of risk management on behalf of all their individual clients, gives us -- will give us a unique opportunity to be working with these institutions in a way that we never had been able to before.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think everybody still at wait and see attitude and yes we haven't seen they are doing incredible amount of preparation for this. I don’t think anyone wants to get ahead of this. This is one who have -- they have to make serious changes to the relationship with their FAs and their clients, they don’t want to be at competitive disadvantage with their FAs, one for another. So I think you are going to see a lot of [Kabuki] in which lot of people are going to be shadow dancing until they have to come up with the strategy. But I do -- behind the scenes, all are looking at many of the different possible outcomes could be a slow transition to more, what I would say managed portfolios or it's going to be sudden. I am under the view that the changes are going to be more rapid. I think most of my team believe those changes are going to be more evolutionary. And so I think there is even a debate here at BlackRock related to how these changes are going to be. But I do believe the legal responsibilities -- the legal responsibilities of each firm has under the DOL is going to probably move towards these changes. But let me be clear these are not our decisions; these are our distribution partner's decisions, each firm has to do whatever is the right strategy for them, under the new rules and new laws on behalf of the client. So and I am sure they're all going to be working on behalf of their client, I'm not trying to suggest they are focusing on their own specific needs. What we are trying to do with our scale and our platform and the ability to have a dialog using our active and passive strategy, but more importantly introducing a lot in for wealth we are helping our distribution platform to focus on what should they be doing in towards their implementation in the new DOL rule. I do believe one thing will be it's going to be constant though the need for more risk tools they are going to be imperative to making sure that there is better oversight to protecting the firm making sure they are living under the new DOL rules. I do believe you are going to see as you saw from Merlin, Edward Jones more managed accounts, but the key question that you asked Brian in the composition of the managed accounts, how little portfolio allocation be? Quite frankly we heard a whole ray of that I do believe overall cycle is going to be a much greater utilization in a passive strategies in ETF than active strategies, and I think that's where it's going. So, we believe because of our positioning Aladdin for Wealth and because of our ability to work with our distribution platforms and the utilization of beta and active strategies, we're in a very good position and that's how we're trying to position. Let me be clear. That's not our decision. We're responding to the ecosystem changes of our distribution partners. And we're trying to be additive. We have to be a partner with them. And what I can say is, at this time, we're in extensive dialogues with these institutions in terms of how they navigate it, and we believe we'll be able to play a role in their ultimate outcomes.
Laurence Fink: Let me just echo that. I think it's very important. If clients believe they have a fair opportunity to be in the market to build a better financial future for themselves, if they believe the Department of Labor rules gives them that security that people are working on their behalves, and they put more money to work and keep getting, moving money out of all this cash into bank deposits into the financial markets, we will be the best-positioned firm for that. So we welcome these changes. We welcome better, a better environment to allow our clients a just and fair and being involved in the global capital markets to help their financial future.
Laurence Fink: Well, Bill, we saw leading up to the October ruling, about a $1 trillion of money moving. I think this has been underreported, but $1 trillion of money has moved from prime funds to government funds. This is an incredible amount of money by one government change. I mean this is one of the great examples where government actions can truly change an ecosystem. And so we saw this huge movement out of prime funds to government funds. We were very well positioned to accommodate our clients on that. We saw about $60 billion in our own prime funds going into government funds, but the key thing for us was we actually picked up little more than 1% market share in these events and we had $15 billion in net inflows. We look at the money market fund industry as a great business. Obviously, we are earning lower fees in government funds than we did in the prime funds. And I think that's obviously a circumstance that everybody will be facing. But I do believe as clients feel more comfortable and as they navigate with their risk committees the whole idea of what is a prime fund, I think you will see money eventually move back into prime, not the same -- not the whole $1 trillion but I think as clients understand what prime funds are and that they can pick up more return with quite a bit less risk than they ever would have had in a prime fund because prime funds rules have changed quite considerably, too. How we report our NAV, how we report our positioning -- our position. So they're far less risky than they were in the 2000 to 2007 and 2008 environment. So I do believe it's going to take some time as clients become a little bit more circumspect about the difference of the two funds. In many cases, they're going to have to go to their risk committees to get a change because the fact that there is no certainty about a dollar NAV, some clients just can't do it unless they changed their rules. We are working with many clients right now on that, helping clients understand the trade-offs, but the knee-jerk reaction was very clear. People did not have time to focus on how to work with risk committee in terms of getting these changes. But I do believe, over time, clients will do that. We are working once again, this is one of the great characteristics of BlackRock. We have worked with our clients and helping them assess those types of risks and the opportunities. But clearly, from our opinion, when you start seeing changes in central bank behavior, when you start seeing widening credit spreads, the advantage of a prime fund versus a government fund may be quite large enough, which will accelerate more people seeking the differences and getting the changes from their boards, risk committee boards, and being able to invest their liquidity in a prime fund even without the constant dollar NAV.
Laurence Fink: Sure, Brennan. So it's -- I would think it's there's a lot going on. I mean, we've literally spent the last five of the first six questions around change that's basically drive -- being driven by regulatory change and a whole host of other things in terms of the current environment. And I think that we look at the business in its totality more broadly. We're not really looking at a product-by-product analysis and a breakeven on a product-by-product analysis. It's really about the diversification and the breadth of the entire platform and how all of the products fit together at the end of the day into a set of solutions for the clients. We're constantly making decisions in the best interest of the clients and we're trying to basically bring forth the benefits of the platform, whether its breadth, its globality, or its scale to basically drive better outcomes for clients and at the end of the day, better outcomes for our shareholders. So while we are mindful when we talk about see a radically breakevens, which look you can calculate those as well, you know what the change in the fees are and can basically do the math, to see how quickly we can capture the incremental revenue. It’s really much more importantly about balancing everything that the firm has offer -- our top ten manager and active top ten manager and possibly top ten manager in ops are all wrapped up with the differentiation of a laden and the technology platform, really to drive a much more comprehensive set of solutions ultimately for the clients and to leverage the scale not only on behalf of those clients but also on the behalf of our shareholders at the end of the day.
Laurence Fink: So our seed capital portfolio today is in excess of $1 billion. We continue to grow that as we think about our commitment to invest in the business first, that’s a significant part of our store leveraging, our goal is stability of our cash flow to invest in products that we think are going to drive again better outcomes for our clients and growth in the future. I would say that we do believe that -- if you look where we are receiving money, it’s basically again today significantly more on multi asset, significantly more on fixed income trying to be smarter around cash solutions that may basically change in future. Obviously, our liquid business which fits the formal co-invest that appose to what we call seed. But we are really trying to basically think two, three years down the road to trying figure out where the new blockbuster opportunities are, in a way that can really differentiate the strengths that we have obviously factors, smart-data in terms of our style advantaged products and the like we are also giving a lot of seed capital. We really want to try and leverage again back to scale and stability. You know we think that we can seed in significantly larger amounts than the potentially our competitors as a function of our very stable cash flow which is in access of $3.5 billion a year. And we think our ability to seed more frequently and in larger scale, allows us to show greater commitments of the product and reduce to time to market in a way that allows us to leverage market opportunity significantly quicker.
Laurence Fink: Well this is consistent math and we consider everything else we see with some of the regulatory changes. If the regulatory changes and had clients really needs to invest where big beneficiary of it. So we have been very supportive over the rules that has this investor protection. We had circumstances earlier past few years related to liquidity and the impact of some of the mutual funds where there had be -- that would be frozen. Obviously it hurts all industry, it raises questions of uncertainty. So the SEC try to find a solution. I think it found a pretty good solution under the circumstances. I also do believe we welcome the SECs role in this. We think the SEC needs to a play a larger role and hope ensure the sanctity of the capital markets as more and more money moves to this capital markets, the need for safety and the capital markets always increase. So we work very closely with the all regulators in Europe related to MiFID and MiFID II and we are -- we work very closely -- we provided comment letter. I can’t. So we work closely -- that would be a little bit probably the wrong way of putting it, but we provided our input in helping the regulatory agencies to come up with their solution. We believe MiFID II liquidity rules of the SEC, as I said earlier is going to lead for greater needs for risk management tools. And clearly, if we have rules like liquidity rule, as I said, it increases the need for risk management, which is pointing up to BlackRock's strength. We built this organization technology with all these things in mind, making sure that we focus on the protection of our clients. I don't think it changes that much in terms of investment management behaviors in terms of how we invest. We have never been on the edge of investing in illiquid products in our 40 products or use products. And so it doesn't change our behaviors at BlackRock at all. It may change some investors' behaviors. Obviously, some of who were emphasizing very illiquid buckets in their platform. But both we're MiFID II is going, where the liquidity risk rules are going with the SEC, these are just a work in progress. I believe we are going to see more and more regulatory oversight of our capital markets, ensuring that we have the proper safeguards for investors to invest. And then that's critical. I can't say enough about the need to making sure we have the proper safeguards. If we have the proper safeguards, all of the money that Rob Kapito was talking about sitting in the sidelines would be implemented. I don't believe that people are sitting there because they're just worried about the next event. A lot of people just don't feel like investing has been that fair to them. And by putting these rules in place, it allows more retail investors to feel that they are protected. They have more safety. And through that safety, they probably have a little bit more security, which probably will lead to greater investing into the capital markets. And we'll all be benefited by it. The -- but the details related to the SEC liquidity rules; obviously, it's a 1,000 page rule. It's going to take our lawyers and every lawyer a long time to make sure we understand of all the intricacies of how we're going to implement it and how we're going to manage it. It is very clear, and I brief reading it means a lot more risk management needs, making sure that you can live under these new liquidity rules day to day and abide by them. So it requires greater risk tools, which we have. Even about a year ago, we added a lot of liquidity components to the Aladdin risk models to helping our portfolio managers navigate this. And then in terms of MiFID, this is going to take time working with European regulators. This is scheduled for 2018. So we do have some time before it's implemented. And hopefully we'll have better clarity on making sure that we're living up under these new rules. So as I think I've said earlier all of this will lead for the asset management industry probably a greater need for reliance on risk tools, which will lead for some of the asset managers a greater expenses to build those tools. I think I'm losing my voice now. So I'll end it there.
Laurence Fink: Yes, please. I think our third quarter results once again highlights the benefits of our scale. It certainly benefits why you need diverse -- diversity of product and also I think it also speaks quite loudly why you need a global platform. And I think BlackRock has that platform of scale, diversity of products and global nature. I would say probably the biggest theme that I could think about in terms of the third quarter was we're seeing an impact on the strategic investments we made in our platform over the last few years. I think it is because of those investments we made, the investments we made from BGI acquisition, the investments we made in the Core Series in 2012, the investments we made in our infrastructure products, our ESG products, our investments now in Big Data and factors, our investment now in technology related to Aladdin, Aladdin for wealth, our investment in FutureAdvisor, I believe it all speaks loudly that we're staying ahead of the needs of our clients, trying to anticipate the needs. And I do believe the third quarter, when you think about how we handle this adversity of the markets, that we've been able to position ourselves quite well in this environment. I could certainly say again these investments we made and the investments we're going to continue to make, it's allowing us to have a deeper, broader relationship with our clients in retail and a deeper and broader relationship with the client institutionally. We need to continue to stay ahead of our clients' needs or we're not going to provide the service to our clients. So that's the paranoia that BlackRock possesses, staying in front of our clients' needs and trying to respond to our clients needs. And I think that is the key characteristic and the key differentiator that has positioned BlackRock so well in the past and why I think it's going to be a key characteristic, why we're so well positioned for our future. With that, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock.
Robert Kapito: So we have found there is such a significant amount of cash that's on the sidelines because rates are so low and equities have not returned what people have expected that the money that is potentially in motion is probably the largest. We've done studies to show that globally there's 50 plus trillion that's sitting in cash. And I don't think anybody knows how big that can be relative to the size of the markets. So depending upon changes in interest rates and changes in equity volatility, a lot of that money can come into motion. So it's not only coming into areas of retirement. It's overall. And the studies that we show range anywhere from 38% to 60% of clients' portfolios are now sitting in cash. So we think that a lot of that money will start to move once people, once we get through the election and once we get through the next decision on where interest rates are going to be.
Robert Kapito: So that's a very large question. So first of all, on the ETF side, this is a strategic investment that we're making in the future growth of BlackRock. So where we focused and reduced our prices were in the U.S. iShares core ETF and that was to meet specific demand by [indiscernible] one of the high-quality. They're long-term holders and a lot of them will be purchasing these either directly or through models because of what you have just mentioned with Larry in the DOL opportunity. We want to be a leader in this segment, in the core segment. We want to provide the clients with the best quality and value of any ETF sponsor and making sure that iShares is the clear ETF choice for financial advisers that are looking to build their portfolios under the new fiduciary standard. Now when we talk about that in particular, 90% of our iShares, we have not changed the price on. This is really targeted at this specific segment that is very fee-sensitive. And as Larry mentioned in his opening remarks, we know that people like the brand. And now price is becoming in that segment something that's very important to be included in the models and focused on. So we responded directly to our clients in that specific segment. When it comes to the mutual funds, we have a pretty large array of mutual funds. We have lowered the pricing in some of our bond fund platform. We have 23 funds there. We took a look and we wanted to make sure that especially in this low interest rate environment, we are being responsive to our clients and our adjustments were in 14 of those funds, eight taxable and six municipals, which is about $23 billion in assets and we want to make sure that we continue to be top quartile manger, but also top quartile as far as expenses. So, we are watching what clients need in this environment and we are responding the specific segment that they were requiring us to.
Robert Kapito: Yes, I think that's going to be pretty obvious going forward. When you have periods like this, everybody goes to their vendors, distributors and ask for some sort of big concessions. So with the DoL rule, certainly, there's more to be pressure on all of the vendors and all the expenses that people have. So for us, I don't think it means less distribution. I just think it means more efficient distribution and that pricing is going to be an issue. I expect that we, as a firm, are going to go to our vendors as well and expect some fee concessions. And then also as a company, we have to watch our own expenses. And I think you've seen that over the last couple of quarters that we're making sure that we're much more efficient. And there I feel very confident for our future, and this is because of our technology, we can be much more efficient than any other asset managers out there. So I think you're right on the mark. This is going to be a very good for the clients. And we have found in the history of BlackRock, when it's good for the clients, it's also good for us.
