Laurence Fink: Sure. Excuse me. I’m getting over a cold from my grandchild. Our results in our active investment strategies is really one of the core transformations of BlackRock over many years of work. The history of BlackRock was an active fixed income manager, our acquisition of BGI with our fantastic quantitative approach to both fixed income and equity active strategies, our development in our illiquid space where we built out that platform, our recommitment and fortifying our fundamental equity teams over the last 5 years, which led to great performance. In addition, over the last 5 years, Alex, and you’re aware of this, our build-out of our distribution team, our build-out in the RIA channel, having $102 billion of inflows from retail globally, the large portion of that was active. So it’s not just building out our investment teams and fortifying them, but it was building out also our distribution side of our businesses, too. That’s all built -- led to a well-positioned as active strategies continue to be a choice with more and more investors worldwide. And let’s be clear, many of our flows in ETFs were from active strategies too. So, across the board, the $267 billion of inflows represented from great performance, well positioned, and I think that will continue to build in 2022. I would say the other major thing is, and I talked about this quite a bit in my prepared remarks was our whole portfolio approach. We believe more and more organizations are going to be looking to outsource large components of their balance sheets, whether it’s in insurance company, a pension fund and endowment, and we are looking for an organization that can position that quite well because of our business model of having both active and index products across having the technology to interface with our clients, whereas we are probably the best positioned organization in the world to meet those types of opportunities. And so if anything, I think that momentum in active is going to accelerate going forward, especially in the OCIO area and whole portfolios. This is going to be driving more and more of our success. Obviously, we saw flows in sustainability that continues to be driven our success in illiquids has really been a cornerstone of our 2021 results. So, I am extremely optimistic on our positioning for ‘22 and beyond. In terms of rising rates, it really depends on how rising rates are going to be resulting in. Are we going to see a flattening yield curve with rising rates, are we going to see a steepening yield curve? I tend to believe we are going to have more of a flat there on. If central banks raise rates 8x to 10x, which the forward curve suggests, we did have a 2.25-year, 2.5-year, let’s say, short-term rate. The real question is what does that mean for the 10-year rate. Those questions and how that plays out is going to be very important. The biggest opportunity that we have is how BlackRock is positioned in the opportunities we have. I really do believe whether we have rising rates, a flattening yield curve, a steepening yield curve, we will be part of the conversation with all our investors worldwide.
Laurence Fink: Let me tackle the scale of Aladdin Climate, and I will have Gary comment on the progress with Azure and Snowflake. As I said in my prepared remarks, client demand for Aladdin has accelerated, especially with more and more remote working, having a comprehensive platform, a whole portfolio solution platform is really highlights the opportunities and the strength of Aladdin and more and more investment firms, asset owners and insurance companies are looking for Aladdin as an opportunity to expand their ability to navigate markets. As we built out on Aladdin, as you suggested Michael, the whole space of where Aladdin is growing out, whether it is Aladdin provider, connecting every Aladdin user to its custodial relationship, intersecting that. Aladdin Wealth, connecting Aladdin to wealth managers and having them more connected. And we are in the beta sites right now of rolling out with some of our airline users already on Climate. And that will continue to be, in my mind, one of the principal drivers for Aladdin utilization going forward. And then the greater utilization of alternatives, the combination of Aladdin and eFront really extended Aladdin across the entire investment ecosystem end-to-end. And so with Aladdin provider with Aladdin Wealth and now Aladdin Climate across all the portfolios, I do believe it is going to drive accelerated growth for Aladdin going forward. I am incredibly optimistic about the opportunities we have. And I truly believe as more and more regulators are asking questions related to Climate and how do you quantify Climate as a risk, the need for Aladdin is essential in terms of understanding that risk as one measurement. I mean there are many other tools that people could use, but it will be one of the measurements that people can utilize. And I would also add one of the great strengths for Aladdin over the last 2 years and why greater utilization is open to Aladdin. We are now allowing every user of Aladdin to put their own models in that are proprietary to them. So, Aladdin as a risk management system is not a monolithic system, what Aladdin has become is more an operating ecosystem and helping the owners of money, the asset managers of money to really navigate across asset categories, communication to client, communication to the custodial bank and having your own proprietary risk system. And that has been one of the great transitions of Aladdin and then dovetailing that, the infrastructure of Aladdin related to Azure and Snowflake. And I will allow Gary to talk about what we are doing in the infrastructure to create a more resilient Aladdin.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us today and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our fourth quarter and full year performance is a direct result of our commitment to serving our clients, investing for the long-term anticipating their needs. And hopefully, you could hear from Gary and I and Rob, we see tremendous opportunities ahead. And BlackRock’s focus remains on investing in our people, investing in the communities where we operate and to stay in front of our clients’ needs. If we do all those well, our shareholders are going to be the biggest beneficiary. And I do believe this is what has enabled us to continue to deliver strong, durable, long-term returns for all of our shareholders. Thank you again, and let’s hope we have a great start in the New Year, and we all stay healthy and safe. Talk to you in a few months. Bye-bye now.
Gary Shedlin: Yes, Larry, maybe I can just jump in on the rates, just one thing for Alex. I think obviously, the dynamic between rates going up and our level of AUM, I think is well known. But I would just highlight a couple of things. One is – our $2.8 trillion is primarily institutional for sure. And obviously, those are very sticky assets that are both strategic and matched for liability. So, we think we have very sticky assets. Two is we are obviously very well positioned in terms of our broad-based fixed income platform. So, whether it’s unconstrained, high yield, total return or short duration, I think we have got that. So, we are ready for a rotation. And more importantly, I think really is if rates go up, a bunch of cash is likely to come off the sidelines, and so that will enable us to basically move that cash into other asset classes. And as I mentioned in my remarks, very importantly, we waived $500 million of fees last year in our cash business, that first 25 basis point move by the Fed, and as many people think that could come as early as the first quarter. We think that will free up almost all of those waivers. That will have about a 0.5 basis point increase on our annualized effective fee rate. And obviously, we have talked about while we share roughly half of that with our distributors that will drop a significant amount of incremental profitability to the bottom line.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Larry. So, Mike, I think you were specifically asking about cloud, I will give you just a couple of comments. We are obviously migrating Aladdin from BlackRock managed data centers to the cloud. And we think that, that partnership with Microsoft, in particular, brings a number of enhanced capabilities to both ourselves and Aladdin clients. I mean the big four for us are to localize data hosting. As Larry talked about, really unlocking growth as a key part of our strategy to open Aladdin, where clients are really looking to use both data and APIs in ways that differentiate them and help to express their own competitive advantage. We are looking to accelerate innovation and finally, migrating to the cloud is going to help us support greater computing scale and elasticity at our clients as we see client demand to use data clearly increasing. More importantly, though, it’s beyond just the cloud. I mean we are making investments really to address the needs of what we consider the investor for the future. Obviously, a focus on whole portfolio solutions. You know about our acquisition of eFront, where we bring public and private capabilities together in one platform, sustainability data and analytics, which will be very critical. We talked about flexible tech solutions and connectivity that we just talked about, but also integrated data ecosystem that will allow clients to combine both Aladdin and non-Aladdin data, which I think is going to be important. We are about two-thirds complete with our client migrations. That is ahead of our initial plan and we anticipate completing the remainder of those client migrations likely in the first half of 2022.
Gary Shedlin: I think you got it, Larry. I think you hit on all the key parts of the question in terms of just flows. I mean unless Brian, there was anything specific you wanted additional color on the flows. I think Larry captured it. EMEA was basically 65% of flows sustainability for the year. Larry mentioned the U.S. being about $30 billion. I think importantly, the U.S. was up 50% year-over-year, notwithstanding that it’s still only about a third of those flows. But otherwise, I think Larry, you captured it.
