Laurence Fink: We see – well, that’s a great question. I don’t know all the answers to that question, because some of this is just being introduced today. But we expect significant growth opportunities for Aladdin. I feel very confident, we’re going to continue to have double-digit growth. In our core business, we are seeing great interest from institutional clients worldwide. It is still our biggest driver in that revenue column. What is very interesting also, we’re seeing opportunities from existing Aladdin clients specifically in fixed income. We’re now – are now taking on Aladdin for equity. So we are now becoming even larger component with those clients that have already experienced the Aladdin environment. They’ve seen the success in terms of their own operation and they’re now expanding it into other asset categories. We now are seeing more interest from, what I would say, our core pension and insurance clients and from global asset managers throughout the world. So the foundational business is continuing to drive much of the success for Aladdin and we expect that to continue and grow as I – we said double-digit. Provider Aladdin, we’re in the testing phase right now, where we’re – Aladdin provider has been put on to the custodial banks. We are working very closely with them on that. And hopefully, we believe that’s not going to be a – obviously, it’s a revenue driver as the custodian banks put it on. But let me also be clear on it, it creates greater efficiencies for us. By having Provider Aladdin, a seamless block chain, which is a private block chain between us and our custodial relationships. It really creates a more seamless processing and it should reduce many, many errors. Let’s assume, we have never – we won’t have any more errors, we do have some. If this is successful, we expect to expand that beyond BlackRock and then use the Aladdin environment all our clients to have that same type of platform to utilize it and then it would grow significantly. Aladdin for Wealth Management, it has a big future opportunity. As I – we said, we have now won five clients. We’re now implementing those five clients. The demand is significant. What we are so pleased, we have demand from Asia, we have demand from Europe and North America. So Aladdin for Wealth Management is a very well positioned for carrying that growth that we see.
Laurence Fink: Well, first and foremost is the fiduciary. We’re going to do whatever is going to be the best for our clients for the long run. And there’s not obviously the immediate pressure related to MiFID II or of the likes of it in the United States than we have immediacy in Europe. So we’re talking to our clients. We’re working with this. I would say one thing very clearly though, I’m very – I think, the outcome of having us be having more responsibility of our own research is a fantastic thing. I do believe, by having more proprietary research will allow us to have more, what I would call, incremental and differentiated ideas. And so we look at this as an opportunity. We look at this as an opportunity to differentiate us. I do believe, our scale gives us unique opportunities in this too. So we will – we are working this – working on this, we’re studying this. We look at this as not just an added expense of any magnitude. We’re looking at this as a opportunity and we’re treating it as an opportunity and we’re having dialogues with our clients. I would say, in the ecosystem, if I was nervous about MiFID II and I’ve talked to regulators about this, we are worried about what the impact will be with some of the small-cap companies that that will – are having trouble, which we’re hearing from many companies already and getting people to follow them. We had a conversation with a regulator yesterday about this. I’m also worried about can – are we going to see the proper research for new companies? I’m not talking about the big giant IPOs that we are accustomed to, but the small IPOs that are quite small. So I think, we have to see how MiFID II works out in the European environment for us to have the strong – a real strong opinion globally. But I think the trend will be, as you clearly framed your question, is probably a movement more towards that fiduciary standard worldwide, and we’ll see how this plays out. We would like to think that over time, we have the whole ecosystem regulators, the asset management side, the sell-side, we have a better understanding how this plays out. The key – the most important point when you have these big giant regulatory issues, we need to make sure that we understand all the unanticipated changes and impacts on markets. And so, I would – we are constructive on this, but there could be some negative outcomes if it’s not properly monitored and organized. The last thing, I would just say, related to what MiFID II will be. With greater transparency, first, that’s great for investors. Investors, one of my biggest worries, which I repeatedly said in these calls is, my worry about retirement worldwide. I just finished a world tour, the amount of cash that individuals are holding in bank accounts in Japan, it’s $5 trillion in banking, that’s with negative returns. In Europe, it’s huge amounts of money sitting in bank accounts. If we’re going to move some of this money into long-term investing, because much of the savings is towards retirement. We probably would have had even more dynamic economies worldwide. So clearly, more transparency ultimately should be good for the industry, but we have the industry as a transition to go through. And the last thing, I would say, with greater transparency, it will move more assets towards ETFs. And this is one of the big systems that I talked about in my prepared speech that I do believe, these big changes are going to move more money to manage portfolios to fee-based relationships that are going to drive more ETF flows.
Laurence Fink: So it’s a very important region for us obviously, and the improvement in flows is a direct relationship to the improvement in performance. In Europe, we have some of the strongest performance, and I think you’ve seen that especially in our long/short European fund. As performance gets better, we see a lot of demand. Europe has been an important part of our roll out. We have significant resources there and investments there, and they are also participating in the growth of the ETF business in a big way, where not only do we have our ETFs, but we also have a lot of technology that we’re bringing to the European markets. So it’s a very big growth area for us. We have, as you know, almost a third of our people out in Europe that we’re going to continue to grow. And the other part of it is that, we believe that we need to be local in each of the countries in Europe. So we have our local sales force and we also have portfolio management, so that we can be a global company, but be local in all parts of Europe, and we’re like everyone else waiting to see how the Brexit unfolds and then we’re going to respond appropriately to that.
Laurence Fink: I would just echo that, we’re very margin-aware. And if we see great opportunities for growth, we will interpret that and manage that accordingly. But of course, leaders of companies have to be margin-aware. We have to trade off future growth opportunities with margin, we all know that. And so I think that’s what Gary really is trying to say. And it’s – we’ve always said that we are – we believe that we execute our strategies properly that we could see expansion in margins. And we see great growth opportunities so that we will look at that as a trade-off. As Gary said, that has not changed, so I’ll leave it at that.
Laurence Fink: So, Glenn, I think we’ve – historically, as we’ve thought about pricing strategies in iShares, we’ve talked a lot about both client and product segmentation. And I think, in every instance what we’re trying to do is to effectively evaluate the value proposition to an individual client from buying the product. In the core, we clearly have seen a group of clients who are significantly more focused on price than they’re necessarily aftermarket liquidity, bid-ask spread or tracking error. And so for that segment of the world, we are obviously focusing a product significantly more focused on price. There’s another segment of the marketplace that frankly is not necessarily long-term buy and hold, they’re much more interested in tracking error. They’re much more interested in making sure there’s enough liquidity if they decide to get out in significant volume. And for that segment of the population, they’re less focused on price and more on the other elements of the value proposition that the ETF brings to the table. And so that segmentation, we talk about core, we talk about precision instruments, we talk about financial instruments. We’re trying to make sure that in every instance, we’re understanding the value proposition that the clients are looking for and making sure that we price the product accordingly.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think the pace of the amount of investing that we’re doing is clearly accelerating as the business is getting bigger, and our financial resources are becoming more significant and the complexity of the business is changing. So I think, every year we go through a process of identifying a number of strategic initiatives, which we talk to you about all the time whether it’s ETFs more broadly; smart beta and factors; infrastructure; illiquid alternatives, including infrastructure; as Larry mentioned, retail; technology; institutional technology more broadly and regional expansion. I mean, these are just a number of things that we’re doing not the least of which is planning for a new headquarters six years out and other things that are just kind of more business as usual. So I think, there’s no question that we are continuing to invest. Obviously, to the extent, you have markets that cooperate with you, it makes some of those decisions a little bit easier. But I think as we’ve shown in prior years, we’re trying to be very consistent with our investment spend notwithstanding what markets are doing in any point in time, because we do stay focused on the long-term. And to the extent that basically, we find ourselves trying to balance the tradeoff between growth and margin. We aggressively look to reallocate our resources in a way that allows us to do both at any point in time.
Laurence Fink: I would just add, because I think this is a really important component of who we are and where we’re going. I think, we have a unique competitive advantage, because of those investments it’s clear to me that we got – we need to continue to invest to be competitively in front of our – the needs of our clients and our competitors. And I do believe as we position our technology, especially the investment technology to reach more clients, Aladdin for Wealth Management to be on more desktops for – with more of the financial advisors, investing in alpha signals in our scientific businesses, I believe it’s critical for us to stay in front of these big giant trends. And I – as I said in my prepared remarks, if we have not – if we did not make those investments a few years back, we would not be in a position of really working with our clients and picking up considerable market share with our clients institutionally and in retail, and we look at this in a very competitive way. We believe our scale is a real advantage. And as Gary said, as our scale has increased, it gives us even a greater competitive advantage. And we do believe data, technology, risk management is going to continue to drive hopefully better financial literacy that gets back to my, once again, my whole concept of financial literacy for better outcome investing. The organization that can provide that seamless information to get some of that money that’s essentially been trapped in short-term strategies into proper long-term investing, it would have a remarkable impact on the results for our clients and remarkable impact to the society and a remarkable impact on the companies that provide that. So I look at this is essential. And so we will continue to be investing to be that one key leader for those events and those opportunities.
Laurence Fink: Well, as you know, it’s been – it’s not planned, but it appears almost every year, we are making some leadership changes. We did that already earlier this year in terms of really enhancing some of our regional coverage, enhancing our alpha business and enhancing and really enhancing our global equity platforms. The demands on opportunities that we see are greater than our ability to achieve them. So you’re correct in asserting that we see more opportunities or let me restate potential opportunities. The key is for us is to focus on the opportunities that we think we can maximize with our platform, with our clients. I would say clearly over the last number of years, I would say clearly for more than 10 years, we’ve been more right on those strategies and not. This is why I personally spend so much time on strategy and positioning our firm. This is another reason why I spend so much time visiting clients. I would clearly say loud and clear 80% of our strategies have been led by what we’re hearing from our clients, which is that they can have some type of technology solution. They want to have a better understanding of ESG, they want to have better understanding of how they could integrate more infrastructure as a platform. How they can navigate the defined contribution plan in some form of bypass. So it is a big task in trying to making sure that we’re focused on the right strategy. And what I would say, what Gary Shedlin and Rob Goldstein and really navigating the moment by moment types of issues around there, we’re – they’re constantly focused on eliminating some organizational inefficiencies. So I don’t want to say, we’re perfect. And I don’t want to say, we don’t constantly have to refresh ourselves, because we do. We have to refresh ourselves to stay in front of the environment that we’re operating, stay in front of our clients, and there are always inefficiencies. So I’m not trying to suggest we are solving all the problems. But if have – we have teams that are focusing on eliminating organizational inefficiencies. We’re making decisions by listening to the end clients. And we also believe what is necessary Rob Kapito mentioned this early, we have to be closer to our clients and this is why are – the regionalization effort is so very important. So we can listen to our clients better. And then I would say, one of the great successes in picking our strategies has been the advent of the BlackRock Investor Institute. By bringing all the thoughts together hopefully to have better alpha outcomes, but also bringing all that information flow into a – into one platform to redistribute, it really gives us great insight. And it’s that insight that helps us navigate the strategies that we are going to concentrate in. And I believe it’s through that insight that has allowed us to have a better batting average in picking the right strategies to invest in the future.
Laurence Fink: Well, let me just say very clearly, as I said in my prepared remarks and Gary did too. MiFID II and some fiduciary standard rule really changes the whole ballgame, not just for where assets are going to move, but risk supervision is critical under our fiduciary standard rule. As I said the CIO office is going to have a lot more responsibility in the various platforms. And so that drives a lot of interest in Aladdin for Wealth Management. So we continue to believe that will continue to drive more opportunities. The – in terms of efficiencies, obviously, we’ve learned a lot from the beginnings of our institutional Aladdin business. So that unquestionably as we gain more clients, we are a more efficient platform. As – but Aladdin for Wealth Management is a considerably different platform. I mean Aladdin for Wealth Management, we could have 10,000 users. And it’s a very different platform and this is why I don’t want to say Aladdin – the Institutional Aladdin business is going to create so many efficiencies for us and margin expansion as we use Aladdin for Wealth Management. We believe if we could penetrate more and we see great opportunities for penetration, unquestionably over time there’s more efficiencies. But let me – let’s also be clearly, much of the success around Aladdin for Wealth Management will drive more close to BlackRock. Both going to – it’s going to evolve. Let’s be clear, because I get tired of that question, Mike with a question that I was asked before related to technology. Our ecosystem is evolving. I think, it’s evolving very rapidly now. I think, this low return environment is forcing clients more than ever before to focus on fees, to focus on relationships, to focus on how they want solutions to be provided. So you have it incredibly evolving ecosystem worldwide. At the same time, we’re seeing a huge expansion of the global capital markets. And less so we are seeing the utilization of more technology and how technology is disrupting traditional things and changing the system even more rapidly. So the most important thing for us is to stay in front of it, to be helpful to all our clients and obviously, we’re helpful for all our clients. We’re going to win more share with more share. We’re going to drive better efficiencies. So efficiencies are important, so I’m not trying to dispute anything about, and we focus on efficiencies. And I can tell you, Rob Goldstein and Gary Shedlin focus on that relentlessly, but it’s more important that we stay in front of change as an organization. If we’re a firm that stays in front of change on behalf of our clients, our clients will award us more share of wallet.
Laurence Fink: I think, I said almost everything, but I have – first of all, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest at BlackRock. I think, our third quarter directly is linked to the comments that we’ve had related to the investments made over time and how those investments have translated that into improved margins, improved revenues, improved AUM, improved operating income, and most importantly, better and more improved relationships with our clients. Hopefully, this is well recognized by all of our investors, and we will continue to leverage our differentiating scale. We’re going to continue to invest in investments in technology. As I said, to deliver that value to our clients, to stay in front of our clients and that’s my commitment to all of you as our shareholders that we will – our objective is to stay in front of our client needs, so we could be more valuable to our clients. With that, everyone have a good quarter. Thank you.
