Laurence Douglas Fink: I did not purposely talk about the pipeline, not that I'm trying to hide it. I'm trying to deemphasize it. As our business becomes more and more -- with more and more flows in retail, when we talk about pipeline, it was -- A, it was only institutional. It was -- because we have no pipeline retail. It's -- and so we're trying to deemphasize how one thinks about it. Two, in the pipeline, there is a lot of noise related to indexing, which confuses people. And so we have -- we purposely did not discuss it. We are still seeing, as I said in my prepared remarks, a great deal of interest in index types of products. We are in more dialogue with more clients, as I said, institutionally right now for strategies, but there's nothing translating into a pipeline yet. But -- so the pipeline is about $50-odd billion, and then you have this one outflow that we telegraphed in the third quarter, which a client is insourcing a bunch of indexing product. But I don't think our pipeline, by the way, is any different in terms of the feel, in terms of the flows, ins and outs than it is any other times. It's just what we are witnessing now, the pipeline is a very noisy statistic. And so that's why I did not discuss it in my prepared remarks. But I don't -- but we are not seeing any real massive change in the flow or the style. But we're seeing it in the mix, as you suggested. We continue to see more interest temporarily in index-like products. I talked about the $4.5 billion of flows in our -- in iShares year-to-date. I talked about we just won a $350 million flow in emerging fixed income today. So we're seeing a large breadth of inflows. We've actually have a great pipeline in alternatives, but obviously, it's a sheer number, that's quite small. And so I don't think there's much tonality difference, Alex, than other quarters. It's just noisier because of the ins and outs of index business.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We're not a record keeper. So we don't do that. We continue to pick up large -- I would say, we're benefiting from the consolidation of ETF -- excuse me, DC players. And related to the regulatory issues you discussed, because we're investment only, it's a big advantage for us. We're -- because we're investment only, because we are -- we only manufacture and we don't compete with our distribution partners, we have advantages of working with many distribution platforms, and that has allowed us to continue to have, what I would say, double-digit growth rates for DC, which we think we will continue to do this year.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we have nothing -- we're -- the downsizing was done last year with the purpose of making sure we go into 2012 straight on. We have nothing in the plans in terms of any types of headcount reduction, in terms of expenses. We are navigating our expenses very aggressively. We are -- we still have growth opportunities. We will still have some headcount growth in 2012. And one should assume, as I said in other quarters, is our intention, and this is subject to markets and opportunities, we want to have margins above 40%, but it's going to be a balance over -- versus all these other issues. And maybe off-line, Ann Marie could give you more color, or Patrick and team, in terms of how we look at that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I would still say the majority -- 75% of ETF growth is not cannibalizing mutual funds. I still think most of it is cannibalizing stock purchases. It's still a very institutional product, where it, as I said, cannibalizes stock purchases. I think the biggest culprit of mutual fund outflows into -- in the U.S. was underperformance and just overall de-risking. So I'm not -- but there's no question, there's going to have to be some form of reckoning with the mutual fund industry if there's a persistent underperformance to really rebuild confidence with those managers. One should expect lower fees of some sort, because unquestionably, whether people believe me or not where ETF flows are being generated from, there is a perception that ETF flows are cannibalizing active equity management. And so the knee-jerk reaction for some people may be we're going to have to stop that and maybe you're going to see industry trend to lower fees. I will tell you, mutual fund boards are going to have to start asking those types of questions across all the different complexes.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I think it's really fluid. We've had conversation with different regulators, and I don't think there's a consistent view from all the different regulators at the moment. But there is a consistent view that there must be some change. So I don't want to -- I think every regulator says we need to find ways to stabilize society from the risk of money market funds, and we can't have the same risks that we exhibited in 2008. How you implement, whether as you suggested variable NAV or capital or some form of restrictions, each, I would say there are biases by the different regulators. So I don't know where it's going to come out. We have been a strong advocate of having capital put aside for it. We believe we don't -- we believe no different than the Basel standards, whereby you have multi-years to build your capital standard. From our vantage point, the regulators should have allow managers to build capital associated with the money market fund business over many years, maybe reserving a component of the fees to build that capital buffer. I think it'll make the money market fund industry a stronger one. And so we have been, for 2, 3 years, a strong advocate of that. As you know, at this moment, FASB does not allow us to retain any of our fees for a capital buffer. So it is -- right now, under accounting standards, we can't do that. So we need changes in not only regulatory, but we need changes in accounting to get that done. And we have been fighting our -- this is one of the issues that I've always had with the accounting standard board related to why can't we have capital buffers. But we have not been permitted. So we'll see, Bill. I don't -- I really don't have a final view, but we are advocating for change.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Our weakness in the latter part of 2010 and the early part of 2011 in terms of our flows in our North American ETF platform, a lot of it was self-inflicted, as I said. We had -- our largest outflow product was our emerging market ETF product. And we -- I think by the second quarter of last year, we stabilized it, and we actually have had very, very good positive tracking. And we saw $4 billion of positive inflows in that fund as a result of that. Once again, it validates our view that tracking is a very important component how people look at ETFs, and our experience of that really validated that. And so this is why we are so forceful in terms of making sure we perform in terms of what the indexes that we're going to perform as the index or in many cases, hopefully, outperform. But I do believe we will continue to have a strong position in the industry going forward. So I do like our position in the industry. I continue to believe we have great opportunities there, both in North America and in Europe. So whether it's sustainable, I would -- my bias would say yes. But it's a function of the whims of the marketplace. Clearly, if there's a view that everyone's going to be re-risking, you may see more flows in the QQQs or the -- or more flows into a S&P product. So you -- if you -- it really depends on where the market is. And if we are the strongest, most liquid product in those areas, a positive side about how we're positioned, we have more breadth than any other ETF player in the market. I would say one last thing that I should have said. I do believe, despite my views, I do -- we are still seeing great evidence that many people are putting more and more money into bond ETFs, and we are benefiting from that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We're having, as I said, more dialogue than ever before. We actually have a lot of pipeline of small little wins. We've had a couple of number of wins so far this year. We are in some finals of some very large wins. We see, at the moment, interest globally, U.S. and Asia and Europe. So we are in -- I know of a number of big dialogues that we have internationally right now. We have had -- in one of our products that we're trying to wrap up a close, we have strong interest in Europe, and we are just trying to wind it up. So it's not concentrated in one region or in -- it's certainly not concentrated in one style of client.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. I mean, look at -- we need to continue to build out our reputation in LDI, in fiduciary. These are the areas where you're seeing a lot of growth in the -- of the 2 product areas. Those are probably the 2 biggest growth areas, especially in Europe. Our view is we're going to see more fiduciary in the United States. That's one of our big bets. We've had 1 or 2 wins in the fiduciary business in the United States. We are having a lot of conversations, and we believe this is where there are going to be some changes. It's very expensive for a lot of small pension funds to run their pension funds. And so we are in lot of quite a bit of dialogue in the fiduciary. The other 2 areas that I would say that we -- in my mind, we have a strong presence, that's the Global Allocation products where we still have a strong position, and the area which interfaces not only in multi-strategy, multi-asset but also intersects with the Defined Contribution business, and that's the target date products that is -- that has really fueled to our growth and will continue to fuel our growth in 2012.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would say -- when we talk about the barbell, I would say, if one trend is you're seeing more barbelling, you're see more indexing and more conversations on alternatives. I think this is an industry trend, and that you're seeing that in the flows, whether it is flows with us or flows with every other asset manager. Lot of people are still de-risking despite -- no one listens to me -- or not no one, but I mean, I really do believe people should be taking on risk, and I've been saying this for months. But our pipeline by asset class is generally the same, but our alternatives, we're starting to get some momentum. A lot of it is just the investments we made in 2011 in terms of having our client team focusing more alternatives and building up the alternative manufacturing platform. But it does feel like more barbelling is going on, and so it is consistent with my themes that I discussed it. I'm very -- I wish more investors started focusing on long-term strategies, because I think some of the de-risking is -- could be, long term, very harmful for the institutions, if they're focusing on the next new cycle.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We've been very noisy about the Volcker Rule. We think the Volcker Rule role is not just bad for the sell side. We think it's bad for all investors. As you suggested, it's going to reduce liquidity worldwide. And I mean, when I travel overseas, I hear more and more institutions complain about the possible impact in the Volcker Rule. Without getting into any detail, let me just be very clear. We are creating this trading platform, or hope to create this trading platform, because we're frightened of the Volcker Rule and the impact of liquidity and the impact of bid-ask spreads. We are doing this only for the betterment of our clients to reduce friction cost and trading cost in doing this. If we -- when we create this, this is not meant to be a -- we're not meant to be us becoming a broker-dealer and competing with Wall Street. It's meant for us to be a better fiduciary for our clients. My greatest hope, that we don't have to do this, that the bids, the liquidity in Wall Street is greater than ever before, the bid-ask spread is tighter than ever before, and I'm spending a lot of money for nothing. Obviously, I'm spending a lot of money because I'm more -- we're more frightened about the impact of this and the impact on all of -- all investors worldwide. And as a result of it, we're creating this as a mechanism, so we could offer a better solution to our investors who invest with us.
Laurence Douglas Fink: My latest thoughts, I know nothing more today than I did 4 months ago. I don't believe -- I think the regulators asked for a comment -- ask to comments related to asset managers and SIFI designation. I think that was delayed, if I'm correct, in terms of submitting our letter. I don't believe regulators have come to terms as to how they should think about asset managers for SIFI designation, and so I don't think there has been much movement towards that. And so we are equating to work and have a dialogue with our regulators about how they should think about all asset managers, or specifically, BlackRock, should be included or not included in the definition of SIFI regulation. So without digging myself into a deep hole, I'm going to conclude it with that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No, I think I said it all. Thank you for everyone for your time. I know it's a busy time. And thanks to all of BlackRock employees for working really hard and enduring difficult markets but coming through this quite successfully. Thank you, everyone.
