Ann Marie Petach: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. As we report second quarter earnings, we're pleased with the progress of the integration and the additional capabilities of the combined firm. Since the BGI transaction we've delivered consistently strong results despite market volatility while continuing to re-invest in the business for future growth. Our results have produced strong positive cash flow allowing us to reduce our commercial paper balances to about 180 billion.
Ann Marie Petach: I think as Larry mentioned that we continue to see as regulation comes out and given some of the atmosphere in Europe good opportunities. I would also note that in solutions what we are seeing compare to a year ago is actually a stronger mix in the base business because some of the people that we did do advisory work decided to migrate on to the platform and use the full tool set. So, actually if anything our revenue mix in solutions compared to a year ago has a greater mix of the ongoing revenues and a smaller mix of the advisory assignments as compared to one year ago.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. Well, first of all you know I do expect us to continue to invest -in the business. So we will have expenses in certain areas going up as we do that over a longer period of time. At the same time we are going to continue to reach synergies. But that’s not going to necessarily equalize in any period. The important connection is the one you drew which is the connectivity to revenue and our opportunities to really grow the top line and where we see opportunities out. And Larry clearly talked about iShares, where we continue to see that market expanding. We are not necessarily thinking about market share expansion there, but we are seeing more and more opportunities. We are introducing new products and we are continuing to compete there. Define contribution we're again relative to our capabilities, I think historically what we were paying under weigh relative to where we are. Larry mentioned some great wins in the pipeline – with respect to multi-asset class where clearly we are seeing more and more people and we are investing and really our capability to work together with clients because that’s one of our advantages upside that we can bring with – together with multi-assets to help people solve investment problems. The next one I would mentioned is because it was part of our leadership announcements really alternatives. I think we continue to have great opportunities within that platform. And then you mentioned geographies where clearly Asia, just from a growing market perspective is a real opportunity as we are seeing some of that realize quickly, for example, in some of our Asian iShares and really that’s where for example our quantitative product is going very well. However, certain of these opportunities are going to pay off and realize and relatively quickly in revenues while others such as Asia are going to play out over an extended period of time and we are committed to investing in both, both opportunities that will pay off immediately as well as opportunities that are going to had a – well for a long term growth consistent with the growth. Larry, I don’t know if you–
Ann Marie Petach: Certainly with market growth on top of organic growth, I would say that we can look for potential margin expansion. At the same time I think just in balance we remain more committed to top line growth and organic growth and growing the business than really running the business in order to save cost. So I guess I will continue to get the right balance and take out cost every where appropriate and then that may indeed translate to some improvement but not at the expense of the top line.
Laurence Fink: Well Fin/Reg doesn’t speak about money markets funds. I mean that’s a separate issue the SEC is working on. We’ve had meetings with the SEC as recently as two weeks ago. The big issue for money market funds will – is going to be how the SEC – do they demand variable NAVs. That to me is a most important issue related to the money market business. In terms of capital charges, our proposal has been to have capital charges that we could build over a number of years that we believe we need to find ways and making sure that money market funds are as competitive as any bank deposits. So, we believe were the industry to go to the next level we believe there have to – we have to have as competitive product as a money market industry as bank deposits. With the FDIC guaranteeing up to $250,000, the deposits now – we need to make sure that we have some form of safety for investors. And I do believe the shadow NAVs is a good start. I do believe the industry in which we are in favor of having liquidity bank is a very good first step. And so we have a leading position with the market in trying to make sure that we are in front of this, but at this moment I don’t see any real threats to the financial situation related to the money market funds. In terms of bank holding company and in U.K., we don’t see anything related to Fin/Reg having – or Basel III having any real impact on BlackRock’s business. And so I need to – Craig, give me a little more color as to what specifically are you asking about for us.
Laurence Fink: Well I don’t, A, we don’t know how long they are going to have in terms of and why they – whatever businesses they may have – that may be restricted or inhibited through these capital charges than to our prohibitions [ph]. So, I don’t think in the near term, it is going to have any demonstrative impacts on any of the banks. I do believe the biggest issue will be how does Basel III impact capital and capital charges. And what I do believe out of that out growth is you are going to see a reduction in balance sheet, so obviously that’s having a big chilling effect on the economy who is going to be the lenders and how we’re going to do it and I do believe that’s going to lead to more capital market activities. And so that’s how we’re building our platform. We’re having these conversations we believe that opportunistically these are really good things for us.
Laurence Fink: And we are committed to build out BlackRock solutions and hiring. We continue to see huge opportunities there. And as I said earlier, we actually have shortages of people right on the handle some of the inquiries. And the other thing that we are making large investment and we continue to build out. The pay day for there is going to be about another year from now and that is our trading platform that we are going to build and we are making sure that we can do more of the internalization of our trading. We're looking how we link that up with BlackRock Solutions to provide that to our third-party clients but we are hiring quite a few people and building this out and it’s generating a lot of energy within the firm that we could really truly differentiate ourselves through this initiative.
Laurence Fink: Well, we are not going to get into the trading business, we're not going to be changing our business model. Now we're building out this more non-dollar-based manufacturing or hiring people in Singapore in credit. We are building more equity teams and so we just build out a larger more robust global footprint. As you know I heard that IPOs in Hong Kong were greater than IPOs in the U.S. this year. So, as you see more and more growth in the equity markets overseas or growth in the credit markets, securitization in Europe is exploding. We are basically dead in the United States. They need to have a much more global footprint, a larger manufacturing platform even for U.S. investors it’s a requirement in the future. I don’t believe most investors have those capabilities and most investors are not preparing themselves for the changes that are going on. Too many investors are too reliant – or too many investment managers are too reliant on dollar-based assets. And the changes in the world, changes in the capital markets are happening very, very fast. We’re spending a great deal of time getting prepared for that and as they said, Basel III with higher capital (inaudible) is going to lead more and more of the asset finance business is going to be done to the capital markets. You’re going to see more and more corporate buying market growth as banks are going to have less corporate loans. And you’re going to see – as markets expand, you are going to see the growth of the capital markets in the form of IPO’s and in expanded equity markets and we want to be there and take advantage of it.
Laurence Fink: Well, on the gold funds, basically I can't speak about Vanguard per se and I can’t speak about our motives behind the gold fund. First of all, I would say if you look at the results of the gold ETF business, first mover receives a very pronounced advantage. The SPDR’s gold product was launched before the iShares gold product. It had a ten-to-one in terms of assets, 50 billion versus our five, essentially 40 versus our four and we – you know we needed to find ways to be more competitive and in that product it made a lot of sense for us to lower the fees where we believe we can get a bigger slice. That product is much more of an institutional product and we believe we have strong relations with the institutions especially some of the institutions are largest owners of that product. So we did this strategically more than with that product not as a statement about price wars. Related to the S&P product of Vanguard, Vanguard is our biggest competitor in ETF space. They are doing a great job and yet despite all of the power of Vanguard and all the new announcements of new participants in the market we believe because of the intellectual capital of our team, the product generation of our platform, our first mover position and our business proposition in terms of service we provide our clients, the customized work we are doing even with in some cases higher fees we still have a 46 plus percent market share in the world and so we pay attention to pricing, we pay attention to all those issues but we believe we’re in a very good position to prosper as ETFs become larger and larger.
Laurence Fink: I would say though it is our view if we do our job right that we get it alright. We continue to have the investment performances that we are having –experiencing now across the platform. We – the investments we are making in alternatives start paying off in terms of growth in alternatives. I would say most certainly our margins will expand.
Laurence Fink: I would say, A, the – we are developing deeper and deeper relations with the distribution platforms especially in Europe and yet with the market copulation in Europe with the sovereign credit issues flows in Europe did slowdown. And so, we’re not seeing the flows but our presence, our position is – we are in the right space, we are in the right position and our performance is good so I think probably the most important think I can say, Marc, when the market does start stabilizing and we start seeing a real growth in long-dated assets we have never been as prepared in terms of being in the right position. And so that’s what we are doing now. We’re investing, we are building strong relationships. We continue to believe and hear from our distribution platform that we are becoming one of the key strategic partners and so as and we’re investing in those platforms and when those flows pick up from where they are today we will be a large beneficiary. In Asia, we continue to do the same thing and are continuing to build connectivity with the local distribution platforms. We still have a very dramatic position in Taiwan working with our strong distribution platforms and so all I can say is we are building this connective tissue. Our iShares platform in Asia is the leading ETF platform that is giving us greater connectivity with more players than we have ever had in legacy BlackRock. And so we are building a platform to be prepared when those flows are there.
Laurence Fink: Assets are under $100 billion now of which about $37 billion, $35 billion is U.S. and that’s were a lot of the duress is. As I said the other product areas are not – they actually have done quite well. And so we've done a lot of leadership changes there. We have reached out to a lot of the clients and this is an area that we are intensely focused on and in some of the non-U.S. scientific, because we are actually seeing some modest flows. So – but it is a product industry wise it is under a lot of duress. And it’s a product for the last few years as an industry that is under performing and as a product that before that had seven years of pretty good performance and so in many cases there are some disillusioned investors.
Laurence Fink: Yes, we are having some very large conversations with some large players whether it’s fiduciary outsourcing in Europe, a few very large insurance companies in Asia and Europe. So, we are in pretty advanced conversations with a lot of these institutions. But, as you know this business is very lumpy. But, we’re pretty confident that we’re going to win our share in this business. Fees really is a function of the scale of the assets that we win and in terms of the – and the types of products. It could range from anywhere from eight basis points to much higher. So, it really depends on the complexity of the assignment and what we’re doing. And in many cases, it’s also connective and this is where we have an advantage, it may be connective to BlackRock Solutions. And so Equitable Life [ph] is a good example where it is a solutions based assignment and they are taking to – they’re going to be using a lot in.
Laurence Fink: A, we’ve always had a target and this is a loose target around a 40% dividend ratio. So, we’ve always had that approximate guide post and we’ve try to work around that. I mean it is not set in stone, but it is a guide post that we’ve always looked at. And we look at share repurchase and dividends to be a part of what we should be doing for our share holders. There is no question that we are going to be generating much more cash and depending on capital needs associated with financial reform or capital needs associated with money market funds or capital needs associated with Basel III, if any, we don’t know how anyone will be impacted yet and as I said we think we are in very good standing but we – depending on all those uncertainties which we’ll know obviously over the course of the next six months one should assume that we will be either reviewing subject to Board conversations and approval our dividend policy and/or we may review our share repurchase policy. In terms of mergers, we are going to be opportunistic in terms of mergers related to our solutions-based business. If we can find data providers and/or technology enhancements we will be – we will continue to look at that and we will continue to be opportunistic there. There are many orphan ETF type full set of approaches to over the course of the year. In many cases we’ve walked away from many conversations as we were just trying to absorb our merger. And as our merger integration is behind us now, we have a little more flexibility. So we will look at some orphan ETF if they make sense. And so we will continue to do that. In terms of any large scale merger related to asset management, I would say that would be highly improbable. I don’t believe we need to do that. And I believe we have a platform in place that is unmatched, unrivaled by any other institution and now what we – and we are making those investments to making sure that we are prepared. And so I think we don’t have to do anything large scale and we are not even considering anything of that consequence. If we seen and opportunity in some of the emerging countries though in terms of an asset management platform that may help us as we grow our manufacturing. That could be a possibility, but that would be probably something very small based. But so I think it’s fair to assume that we will be generating a lot of cash and we will be actively looking, working with our Board in terms of dividend policies and share repurchase.
Laurence Fink: Yes. I think it’s – the merger did slow down our growth in term of fixed income. I do believe our 2008 performance hurt. And then we did the restructuring of the teams. And that slow down inquiry. I can't say that the dialog we are having now is very positive. We are having stronger conversations with the consultants now, with our clients, and we are winning incremental business, but we are – we have lost some fixed income business due to mergers to restructuring and so we are seeing some lumpiness. I would say more of the institutional flows are in the short end of fixed income not in the long end. I would also say most of the flows are more in the mutual fund side as an industry and fixed income. And so I think it’s no mystery where all the money is sitting. It’s sitting in the short end as evidence of a two-year note sitting around 60 bps. And so I think more and more money is just sitting there waiting to be redeployed whether it’s in the equities, alternatives or long-dated fixed income. And we do know many insurance companies are sitting with large pools of cash. They are not aggressively investing here and so you know – but I think it’s fair, Rob, to say that the merger integration slowed us down and the changes we made in 2009 with our leadership team in fixed income, people are watching us, and – but I can say today that we are having some very positive dialog and I feel very good about that.
Laurence Fink: No, I would just say, as I said hopefully clearly in my presentation the – when we did our first quarter results we were in the midst of our merger immigration and now I can say very loudly to all our shareholders, to our employees that the hard work is behind us. We have a great leadership team, a great structure in place now. And I feel very fortunate to be leading this organization with the team that we have in place. And I believe we're in a good position now to really take advantage of the opportunities this platform has; it’s very unique and very different. With that, thank you, and I will speak to everyone in a few months. Thank you.
