Laurence Fink: Let me try to respond to the first part of the question. I believe our distribution platform has been buttress quite a bit over the last five years has been a long term commitment. We are providing a uniqueness as Gary suggested across the world in terms of providing that conversation that intersects both active and passive and risk analytics. No firm can do this at this moment. I believe the elevation of content by the wealth manager has been one of the giant changes too. As the wealth management industry has moved away from fee base to an advisory base, they've really elevated their ability to have deeper, broader conversations. And they're looking for a few partners who could work with them and build that out. And we are certainly kind of one of the go-to firms. We're helping that. And we're able to help them deliver that global insight and advice, and more importantly, the solutions that helping them. So it is the combinations of having iShares interactive strategy. But now with the overlay of technology to customize portfolios. And today, the customization of portfolios and personalizing a portfolio is becoming more and more in need in the wealth management space. It is not about selling a bond fund or a stock fund anymore. It is not about buying a stock or a bond. It is about a holistic whole solution portfolio. And so, our uniqueness is about that and how we deliver it. Just as a response to the industry, the industry has been always designed around a specific product, a specific fund. And for the firms who only have a product or in one asset category, they have a difficult time to really respond to whole portfolio solutions. And I believe this customization, the personalization of whole portfolio solutions is becoming the driver, the driver in terms of most of the wealth management conversations. Do we need to do more acquisitions for distribution? Not in the United States, not in the Europe. Could we do somewhere in another part of the world where we don't have a strong footprint? Sure. That is consistent what I've said over the last three to five years. And importantly, what we are going to do like we announced today they Clarity AI minority interest. What we are trying to do is provide in this portfolio customization, also uniqueness and data and analytics to drive better decision making, which will ultimately drive better performance. And I think that is also the uniqueness of BlackRock. And why we are so constructive on the opportunities we have working with wealth managers worldwide.
Laurence Fink: Great question. We've built BlackRock around the whole foundations of strong global capital markets. I think we have been a big beneficiary over the years by we believed in global capital markets, and the expansion of global capital markets over the last 20 years. And I think the size of our footprint and the size of the AUM that we managed is because of our commitment to building broad scale capital markets. One of the interesting points I said this at the end of the -- my speech today. Our size, relative to the global capital markets, is almost virtually unchanged to what it was in 2009. So in 2009, we were under 2% of the global capital markets. And today, we're a little bit over 2% of the global capital markets. So as much as we've grown the world, capital markets have grown. The use of government debt as a mechanism finance deficit has grown. The use of the equity markets for IPOs and new companies and the expansion of other countries expanding their capital markets, whether the capital markets expansion in the Middle East or parts of Asia have been really quite extraordinary. So we are benefiting that. What we need in that. And we've always welcomed that. We need to make sure that regulators focus on a well functioning capital markets to build a more resilient economy. So we have encouraged regulation worldwide to ensure well functioning capital markets. And that is the key criteria, how we look at it. I would say the one myth about asset managers. The asset manager industry is highly regulated already. At BlackRock, we are regulated by the SEC. Because we have a Trust Bank. We're regulated by the OCC. We're regulated by the CFTC by FINRA, overseas, we're regulated across the board. We are not a bank. And that's why we are not regulated by one regulator, the Federal Reserve. But we're regulated by almost any other organization and regulator. The asset management industry is still highly fragmented. And so, I believe, we welcome a conversation. And we are encouraged about how regulators are focusing on the need of a well functioning capital market. But the concept of that asset management industry is not regulated, that must be coming from bankers. We're not a bank. We don't -- all $8.7 trillion of our assets are other people's hard earned savings and money. We have a contract with every one of our clients. In most of our short term funds, mutual funds, ETFs, they could sell those assets in a day. And our institutional liquid portfolios, they could do it over 30 days. And depending on some of the long term, private assets, that depends on the contract that we have with each individual client. But the notion that asset managers are not regulator, it's just a myth. It is not true. But as the largest asset manager in the world, as a fiduciary, to all our clients savings, we want a highly functioning markets. And at the time when markets need more supervision, in almost all cases, we have been systematically in favor of ensuring market safety and soundness. And we will encourage that going forward.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining this morning for your continued interest in BlackRock. BlackRock's 2020 results are a direct result of a steadfast commitment to serve our clients and putting their needs at the center of everything we do. We will continue to invest and innovate in the years to come so we can be better helping millions of people to build up savings, to make investments easier, more affordable. We're going to continue to advance sustainability investment and contribute to a more resilient economy. All of that in my mind will be continuing to drive the success of BlackRock in 2021 and beyond. Everyone have a good start. Everyone, please feel safe. Everyone, please stay healthy. And everyone please get a vaccination. Thank you. Bye-bye now.
