Laurence D. Fink: Well let's start up with the contacts for a second. Well probably most importantly BlackRock has supported the changes to the financial ecosystem, if we can enhance confidence with investors, I believe through that mechanism is going to increase and promote more investing, less savings in their bank accounts. So the more investing and the more money clients are putting to work with greater confidence and then it's a benefit actually for the entire industry. And I think that’s one of the big points that haven't been part of a dialog and I think that’s a really important point. We need to have more investor confidence, I think one of the great problems we have with longevity, we in human agent process and importantly with the inability of so many people investing what I would call properly too much cash by their over emphasis in bonds. If they believe the DOL rules will give them better transparency, better certainty that we are treated like, and they invest more money for the long run. It's better for the country, it's better for their financial future and it's really very good for the entire industry. And I think that message is totally lost in the conversation. Directly to the issue around how this is going to play out, first of all, it's a very lengthy rule, it's going to take a quite some time for everyone to determine, how it meets their business model. But I would say to position BlackRock given the breath of our product platform in both active and index and the investments we made in technology and I really want to underscore technology and risk management. We are having really deep conversations with more of our distribution partners and helping them work on solutions for them and their clients. It's still too early to determine the outcome for the DOL rule more broadly, but I think we are as better positioned than any organization. I do believe it's going to require much greater compliance and risk management so it is very powerful for Aladdin platform. We believe it can be very powerful for our entire BlackRock solutions product suite, including FutureAdvisor and I think if it means more business than in passive we will be benefited, if it means more business in active we’re going to be benefiting too, so I will just leave it at that and I actually have a happy general council with that answer. Sorry Chris.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just add one more point because I think Gary said it pretty clearly probably said it better than I could, that is can’t underscore enough how the ecosystem is changing, that’s going to require more of capital market participants of your insurance company or asset managers, they are going to -- the need for better risk management technology is slowly increasing. The need for better interfacing with clients is only going to be more and more important. And I do believe we have great solutions at BlackRock to help and assist these organizations in terms for them to raise their bar to be a stronger fiduciary towards our clients. And so we believe our Aladdin system, our FutureAdvisor product are going to be, we’ll see even more accelerated growth, if we can handle the growth, but importantly also as we are -- we believe there is a great need to develop better information flows for better investment insights and so these are the areas where we are really emphasizing, where we are growing alongside the areas that Gary discussed.
Laurence D. Fink: Bill to add one more point, you asked about geography. We’ve had dialogues in probably every region in the world. The demand for information of connectivity and health related to this is beyond our imagination. It’s from Asia to all throughout Europe, Middle East and all throughout the Americas. It is so much on the minds with our investors as a way of rethinking how they invest. I think this will become a larger component of the landscape of investing and investors are going to utilize us with separate accounts, they are going to utilize these types of products through ETFs. But the application and understanding the analysis is really shocking how much people are interested studying this and hopefully the enormity of our meetings is going to translate into future flows.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just like to add one more thing. As ecosystem of bonds and secondary bonds and liquidity continues to be changing and we are seeing phase of more illiquidity. The utilization of ETFs has a mechanism to find liquidity and to have the ability to navigate the factors that impact valuations of fixed income whether that’s duration or in subsidy or credit, a navigation with the utilization of ETFs is going to -- it enhances the opportunities for returns and so we believe as I said in my prepared remark, the utilization, the implementation of fixed income as a fixed income ETFs as a component of the fixed income strategy that clients are employing are going to be larger and larger in the coming years.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, the first of all, we are just interpreting what the DOL have said related to DC and I am going to let Rob answer it. But more importantly it looks to us that you are not going to see rollovers as fast, and people are going to stay within their define contribution plan longer. So, this is an initial view, we are studying this more and more but obviously as you suggested DC is a very important component where we are and we believe we are well positioned, I am going to let Rob discuss.
Gary S. Shedlin: Great, Ken thanks so much, so Ken I think as you started out as we stated last quarter, we’re really, we are maintaining our commitment to investing in a variety of strategic initiatives that will further enhance our client value proposition and generate long-term value for shareholders. And obviously we’re all mindful that in challenging markets as Larry and I both have said that we need to make tougher and smarter decisions especially when it comes to reallocating those invest dollars. And one thing I want to make very clear is this restruction was not about cost cutting, it was about streamlining and simplifying the organization so that we can use those savings to reinvest more efficiently in those strategic growth areas, and as mentioned also to create new stretch opportunities for our strongest people. It’s important to understand that we’re really not deemphasizing any particular business, rather I would say we’re looking to ensure that the foundation of our businesses are really running it as efficiently as possible so we can take those reallocated resources and maximize our investment in the higher growth areas that you mentioned. I say there are probably four or five of those and I will let Larry and Rob in particular to chime in and many of those have been mentioned in some of the remarks today. Illiquid alternatives in particular the real asset platform which includes our infrastructure business factor based Larry mentioned over $125 billion there across smart beta and enhanced factor products. A sustainable investing where we have $200 billion across exclusionary screens, ESG factors and impact of that. Obviously continuing to invest in our iShares business which we believe continues to have significant runway in growth from both new users and importantly fixed income which Larry also mentioned in this comments. And then you mentioned technology as well and I think before that Larry comment the issue there on technology is it really impacts everything we do across the organization, it impacts how we invest in particular big data and alike scheme learning, language and alike that Larry mentioned which is importantly critically important for improvements in our active platform, as well as technology to enhance serving our clients whether it be to allow them for wealth FutureAdvisor and the others. So I think those are a number of the areas that we’re really looking to make sure that we’re continuing to see because we think there is incremental and differentiated growth available to us.
Gary S. Shedlin: Well I did write quite a bit about it this week in my annual letter which is getting beyond what I thought sort of in terms of commentary by any publications worldwide. Well negative rates, if you think about 70% of our clients more, our pension funds, I was some form of retirement and insurance companies. We hear worldwide how negative interest rates or low interest rates have been impactful in how they are actually harming their objectives of attaining an asset base to meet their liability needs. In fact last week, we were with one of the largest New York State funds, a U.S. State funds, not in New York State funds, one of the largest U.S. State funds it happened to be in New York City after our meeting we had and they were in the top deciles of performance last year and because of lower negative interest rates and their discounting rate, they actually deteriorated their asset and liability gap. We’re hearing this worldwide, we’re hearing from savers worldwide they’re not going to meet the needs of building their pool of savings to meet the needs of retirement. We’re hearing some insurance companies that they’re going to have a really hard time meeting their liabilities. And so as they are looking for more advice, importantly what we saw especially in the first six weeks of the year when you had major selling pressure in many components of the world. We saw huge insurance company interest in buying we saw widening of spreads, we talk about infrastructure if we could find large opportunities for infrastructure globally we have the demand, so clients are looking for more opportunities, they are looking to invest in different types of products. I believe our platform is giving us more connectivity with our clients. And I do believe this by shareholder, Larry stated, I believe a lower negative interest rates has served a great purpose in the short run. But I don’t believe lower negative interest rate was supposed to be a permitted feature of the investment landscape. We are now entering the eighth year, and I believe that we are going to have a stronger more robust economy and the IMS has lowered their forecast even more, all right. I think the fifth time in a row we are going to need a policy of responses by governments. And I think the dependency on Central Bank behavior is one of the problems that we have in the world and we need policy of response by governments related to fiscal policy.
Gary S. Shedlin: So this is probably the largest growth area that we are experiencing right now and what we expect to experience going forward. I think it's actually quite incredible the amount of cash that’s sitting in banks today, earning zero and that money has typically vanished from the fixed income market. And in order to have access to fixed income, our clients are using more and more ETFs because of all the features that they see which is the liquidity, the low cost, the tax efficiency and it's just easier access and this is where the money is going to flow first, and most people have more their money in fixed income than they do in equities anyway. So this has been the growth in the first quarter, we are set by having a wide variety of types of fixed income ETFs that they can invest in and we do see a lot more secondary trading that is going on in these. But we are seeing investment grade and high yield profit bond ETF assets under management grow from about 5 billion to 165 billion and that’s from 2007 through 2015. And this is going to be a very strategic growth area for us and as Larry cited in his opening, we saw a record 27 billion of net inflows into the fixed income ETFs in the first quarter. So this is really, I think the big growth area. We have a very long-term history at BlackRock in fixed income, and we are using that historical background in the technology that we build to even enhance our reputation more in this business.
Gary S. Shedlin: So there is a variety of different drivers of momentum behind this, Craig. We talked about technology is having increasingly a significant impact on the retail space. And obviously we are enhancing our technology for our retail clients. FutureAdvisor is just one, where we are foreseeing the digital, this type of a digital end, but we are also using and leveraging Aladdin to bring portfolio construction, and risk analytics tools to financial advisors as well as private bankers and we are doing that with a number of different areas of growth whether it be Aladdin portfolio or to the portfolio of construction services or Aladdin for wealth accordingly. And we are streamlining our sales process used with technology and to enhance yielding greater efficiency and effectiveness through doing that. FutureAdvisor in particular which as you know operates within BlackRock solutions allows us to strengthen relationships with our distribution partners by offering their clients high quality technology enabled device. And most importantly backed by BlackRock’s broad investment platform or Aladdin risk analytics, our proprietary retirement technology and obviously our longstanding experience as enterprise technology partners to other financial institutions, I think that is probably the key differentiating factor for us at the moment because what we are noticing whether it’s the commercial arrangement announced this week or some others that frankly we have signed but haven’t publically announced. This looks like a very long-term and complicated implementation that frankly is exactly what we have been doing with Aladdin over the last couple of decades. And so while there are certain competitors I think we are trying to mimic or follow or in many cases replicate the type of strategies that we are doing here. The real difference is that we have been involved in client implementation very complex client implementations for a significant period of time and I think that is really going to be the differentiating factor. As it relate to the economics, the economic on these things are frankly very much customized in some aspects, there are platform fees, there are implementation fees, in some cases there are minimum fees, there will be underlying of management fees to the extent that the client chooses to either use our own model or populate those models with iShares. But importantly we are looking to customize it as much as we can to meet our intermediary partners’ objectives, so we have signed which we haven’t announced although we have signed four contracts. Already but we are in dialogue with many more without citing the number, name more institutions are interested. I think Gary, Craig said it very clearly think of this is an Aladdin implementation. Margins were quite low for the first during the implementation stage. In some cases there is as you know there was more expenses than revenues in the early year. And as it's being implemented then -- and the utilization and we have all the other service fees, it starts throwing off and generating depending on the utilization, we hope large fee increases. But more importantly we also believe having this linkage created a deeper connection with our clients and our distribution partners. So it's not just the singularity of having worked products through these types of channels, but it is also deeper more consistent connection with these clients. And so this is one of the reasons why we saw earlier than anyone related to the connectivity that digital advice can give for us with our distribution partners. And so we are very excited about it. I would also say that it’s the desire, the demand, the interest, the request for presentations is far greater than we ever imagined.
