Laurence Fink: Thank you, Chris, and good morning to everybody, and Happy New Year. Thank you for joining us today to discuss BlackRock's fourth quarter and full year results. We're also very excited to announce our agreement to acquire Global Infrastructure Partners, and I'd like to welcome all our new partners from GIP and their Chairman and my friend and founder Bayo Ogunlesi is here with me, alongside with Rob and Martin, we're all here today to answer your questions after our prepared remarks.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Bayo. This is another truly transformational moment for BlackRock. Our firm is what it is today because we've taken a long-term view on what market forces will drive outsized growth for our clients and for our firm. We're doing that again today, guiding us always by the needs of our clients. Growing public deficits, a modernizing digital world, advancing energy independence and the energy transition are driving the mobilization of private capital to fund critical infrastructure. Infrastructure investment is a fast-growing market. In a higher rate environment, the ability to drive operational enhancements will be critical to investment performance. Today, we are announcing two transformational changes in anticipation of the evolution we see ahead for the asset management industry and for the entire global capital markets. Our strategic re-architecture of our organization will simplify and improve how we work and deliver for our clients. And the acquisition of GIP will propel our leadership in a fast-growing market for a hard asset infrastructure. These transformations in total are the largest at BlackRock since we acquired BGI nearly 15 years ago. The planned combination of BlackRock's infrastructure platform in GIP will provide clients access to market-leading investments and operating expertise across infrastructure, private markets. The integrated platform will deliver clients substantial scale as the second largest private markets infrastructure manager in the world with over $150 billion in client assets. In addition, GIP will bring dedicated investment in operational improvement teams with track records of delivering deep value enhancements, which have led to impressive returns throughout its existence. With a strong common culture of serving clients with excellence together, we will deliver for our clients or holistic global infrastructure manager across equity, debt and solutions. We will provide the full range of infrastructure sector exposures and will offer unique originations across developed and the emerging markets. BlackRock has developed a broad network of global corporate relationships through many years of long-term investments in both debt and equity. These long-term relationships will help us lead critical investments in infrastructure that will improve outcomes for communities around the globe and generate long-term investment benefits for our clients. I know I speak for the entire BlackRock Board of Directors, BlackRock's leadership team and all of our employees when I say we could not be more excited about the prospects of a BlackRock family with our colleagues from GIP. We similarly look forward to welcoming our new clients and deepening our relationships with those clients who already worked with both of us. BlackRock's industry leadership comes from delivering sustained performance innovating and staying ahead of the needs of our clients. Today, we announced several organizational changes to simplify and improve how we work and how we deliver for clients. In anticipation of the major calls we are making on the future of the capital markets and the entire asset management industry. The strong senior leaders taking on new and expanded roles will keep us more tightly connected, stimulate fresh thinking and help us better deliver for all our clients. Let me now turn on to Martin to cover our 2023 results and take you through the specifics of the transaction, our quarter before I offer further context.
Laurence Fink: Great question. I think it will be answered by me and Bayo. So let me once again go over the strategic rationale. As I said in my prepared speeches, and I think Bayo would echo everything I'm going to be saying. We're just beginning, I would say, a very bright investment horizon for infrastructure. And as I said, deficits matter. More and more governments are going to have more difficulties to do deficit financing. And in turn, more and more governments are even focusing on doing more public, private. I think GIP's success in the U.K. and Australia are very good examples of working with governments in terms of helping them sell assets. But at the same time, using the private sector to improve the quality of services and GIP has been a leader in that. I believe that a lot of capital that it could be needed as we digitize everything, the need for upgrading our electrical power grids worldwide is a must. The capital associated with that is going to be enormous. In my travels around the world, more governmental leaders are talking about the need for energy independence. And they look -- if they have some form of energy, they're going to be trying to be doing more of that, but more importantly or just as importantly, the amount of capital they need to provide -- to develop more decarbonizing investments in wind and solar, to provide broader energy for their growth in their economies is very important. If we are going to decarbonize the world, the amount of capital and infrastructure is going to be very necessary. If we are going to be more and more reliant on interconnectivity worldwide, the need for the upgrading of ports is vital. As more and more human beings grow into a middle-class lifestyle, the demand for air travel grows dramatically, the need for high-quality airports grows dramatically. And so that's just one segment. And then when you think about corporations. Corporations historically disposed of divisions to private equity. We see more corporations instead of disposing divisions, selling portions of those divisions maybe keeping a major part of that, selling parts of their infrastructure or partnering with companies in their infrastructure, like the deal we did with Occidental Petroleum for Air Capture, the transaction BlackRock did with AT&T on 5G build-out across the United States. These are just a few examples, pipelines in the Gulf region. And so the industrial logic is pretty large in our opinion, that the next 10 years is going to be greatly about the expansion of the global capital markets and infrastructure. And so we believe the demand for capital in infrastructure will only to grow larger than larger. And as I said a few times in my prepared remarks. Having a long duration, high coupon inflation-protected asset is a very strong asset class for all of retirement funds. But importantly, as you mentioned wealth, we believe a great opportunity to providing to the wealth management products, these types of products so they can enjoy these type of long-duration assets. They're going to throw off these above what I would say, public market returns. And so I believe across the board, sovereign funds, both retirements, both in the defined contribution space and the defined benefit space, across the board, these are the preferred instruments. In my calls with clients today, I can tell you more and more sovereign wealth funds, see infrastructure as a major growth area in their asset allocation. I'm going to let Bayo talk about BlackRock and us. I would only just say at Black -- from the BlackRock side, we only had one target. We only had one organization where we believe in their business model. It was only one organization where we believe we had such complementary skill sets. And then most importantly, it's a team of leaders under Bayo that we believed in. And we believe that will create real opportunities for BlackRock, and I'm pleased that Bayo will be joining the BlackRock board post closing. And importantly, we look forward to having the intellectual capital that GIP is bringing alongside our superb team and infrastructure.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one thing. Bayo and I are going to be on the road a lot. And we are going to -- with the combined organization, we have an amazing story. And we are going to be telling everyone the story from the corporation sides to governments. I just got an e-mail from a big government and saying, okay, there are things we could do more. So that was a nice e-mail that I just received. But I do believe our key is making sure our clients and the investors that have invested in BlackRock and GIP that they understand the merits of the combination and that they think this is even better for them. And our job is to make sure that everybody sees it and we execute that way. But we are very excited about this, and I look forward to being on the road with Bayo.
Laurence Fink: GIP is in the final stages of raising a very large fund, which because it's in the stages of raising the money that we cannot talk about it. So stand by. But it's in the late stages of fundraising.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add on some of our small and large transformational deals. Transformational deals could be as large as a BGI transaction. But if you remember, everyone, when we did that transaction, most people hated it. They did not see the merits, did not see the marriage of active and passive, did not think cultures can merge, did not understand ETFs as a technology. And as Bayo was saying earlier, what we bought BGI was under $300 billion in iShares assets, and now it's over $3.5 trillion. In the past 10 years, we acquired First Reserve when it had about $3 billion, and it's more than tripled its assets in a number of years in terms of infrastructure. Just recently, we acquired Aperio and the assets are up 95% since we acquired Aperio. And then just as importantly, in technology buying EBITDA-Front, we made a statement that good portfolio analytics are going to become very important, not just public market analytics. And we are now the leading technology platform, both in privates and publics. And you dovetail all of this is it's all wrapped around our global view of where the global capital markets are doing. The technology needs for markets and the movement. And I do believe all of this is going to be playing out. As I said in my prepared remarks, I truly believe infrastructure and Bayo reconfirm that infrastructure is at the very beginnings as the great need of capital and because of the type of asset it is, the demand for this type of investment is really going to be strong. And we believe, and this is what our statement is, we believe the next 10 years is going to be a lot about infrastructure. And this will become more and more of a major component of the entire private markets ecosystem.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining our -- joining us this morning and for your interest in BlackRock. Our fourth quarter and full year performance is a direct result of our steadfast commitment to serving clients and evolving for our long-term needs of our clients. Our acquisition of GIP and the organizational changes will be transformational and accelerating our growth ambitions and delivering value for our clients and for our shareholders. Hopefully, everyone could hear that we are incredibly excited about the opportunities ahead of us. the opportunity of having partners like Bayo and his team, and we believe we have never been in a stronger position to grow with the global capital markets and to grow and being a very large client serving firm and helping our clients meet their future needs. Everyone, have a very good quarter and try to enjoy it as much as possible. Thank you.
Martin Small: Thanks, Mike. Happy New Year. We have a really strong track record of successful integrations at BlackRock. And we believe this transaction will prove to be another success. I think Larry and Bayo spoke very much about the common cultures, the shared vision, the opportunities, the growth with clients. We know that GIP shares the same laser focus on clients and values that we do rigorous investment process in us and the structuring of the transaction was also done to reduce strain on teams and help facilitate the transition into new leadership in a more diversified platform. Some of the organizational changes that we also announced today are going to help us be more nimble and aligned with our clients. We've reorganized businesses for the future with the aim of delivering better experience performance and outcomes for clients. The thing I'd add is Larry talked about in his prepared remarks, our integrated operating platform, track record and integrations. We have built our private markets business with substantial inorganic activity going back all the way to the early 2000s and we built a lot of the existing infrastructure business that we have today, also through inorganic transactions that have been successfully integrated. So we've been doing this for 10 years in the infrastructure space and look forward to accelerating it with Bayo and his partners and the entire GIP team who have substantial experience in business building and alternatives. And the last thing I'll say just about integration is I think in many ways, this is a less complex integration in that these are highly complementary platforms that Bayo just talked you through in terms of some of the differences in investing acumen and solutions on the equity side, on the debt side. And so in many ways, we have limited amounts of overlap, both in clients as well as in the characteristic of our investment solutions. In many ways, that makes the integration, I think, nimble and easier to position with clients and more agile for us to bring the platforms together.
Martin Small: Great, Mike, it's Martin. I'll start just on some of the organic growth outlook and then Rob will talk a little bit about your specific fixed income. In 2023, obviously, we delivered $289 billion of total net inflows and 1% organic base fee growth. We continue to have conviction here in our 5% base fee target over the long term. We've reached it on average over the last five years and met or exceeded it in six of the last 10. And importantly, I think the way our shareholders evaluate us, years marked by significant market volatility, 2016, 2018, '22, '23, we generated positive organic base fee growth. And these last two years, no doubt have been more challenged on base fee growth through tough markets, but we've continued to generate positive growth while the industry has seen decay. We don't aim, as you know, to be the fastest grower in any quarter or any year. We aim to deliver more consistent and durable organic growth through market and over the long term. I would note we saw excellent momentum to finish the fourth quarter. As I mentioned in my remarks, in November and December, we generated an annualized 6% organic base fee growth rate, and that, to me, suggests that we can trend towards our 5% through the cycle target as rates stabilize and the market is more constructive. This is some of the best organic base fee growth momentum we've seen since 2021. I do want to flag two things. The first of which is I'd particularly flagged that iShares in Europe is really well positioned, and I think it's going to be a bigger part of the organic base fee growth story over time. European ETF industry flows are up 70% year-on-year. European iShares had almost 50% flow market share. And a lot of the long-term trends that propelled the U.S. industry to high growth rates are taking hold in Europe. So I think it's just the beginning. We also see this combination with GIP and the potential for higher management fee growth in illiquid alternatives as bolstering, diversifying our overall organic base fee growth trajectory. So I'll give it to Rob on fixed income.
Martin Small: Thanks. I'll start, and then I'm sure there'll be some additional color. First of all, clients continue very much to increase their allocations to illiquid alternatives in private markets. These are the client needs that drove our acquisition of eFront. They're the moves that bring us here today with GIP. And the moves that we've made organically and inorganically to build market-leading alternatives capabilities. At BlackRock, our alternatives client assets now total $330 billion, including liquid credit. Our private market to liquid alternatives have reached $166 billion in assets with about $140 billion in fee-paying AUM. And private credit, private equity solutions and infrastructure were the main drivers of Q4 and full year flows with $4 billion and about $14 billion, respectively. Since 2021, we've had excellent momentum in our private markets fundraising. We've raised approximately $96 billion of gross capital across our platform, and we continue to see good momentum with clients. We're building on vintages and strong track records, so we can scale successor funds. We expect our primary growth drivers, as I said, over the next three to five years to be infrastructure and credit private equity solutions, where we've built great franchises. We continue to see terrific opportunities. Larry and Bayo have really talked about what some of these are. But I do think BlackRock has a durable competitive advantage that's been built through our public markets, relationships with global corporates, our advisory work with sovereigns in the public sector around the world as well as our technology capabilities of the year and bringing together a lot of this public and private sector long-term objectives, officially moving capital to key drivers of industrial transformation. That's often when BlackRock at its best. So we're very optimistic and energized by our capital formation opportunities. particularly with our new partners at GIP. And I think as Larry and Bayo said, they're both going to be traveling a lot. So I'm looking forward to how those sessions, I think, will help us grow together. But importantly, I think really bring innovative solutions to corporates, through partnerships and unique public-private opportunities for us that will help grow our illiquid alternatives base and assets.
Martin Small: Thanks, Brennan, for the question. It's Martin. First of all, this is unassailably a transaction that we consider transformational. Most definitely, our clients feel its transformation. The volume of e-mails, I can see on Larry screen suggests to me that it's transformational. And it's what we've talked about is transformational transactions. It's transformational in terms of the capabilities that BlackRock has and can offer to clients and it's transformational in terms of the financial and earnings impact to the firm. So those two axes are how we've always measured transformational in terms of our capabilities and in terms of the financial impact, and on both fronts, this is definitely a transformational transaction. GIP has generated really strong performance as well as FRE growth. I'm not going to comment on the 2023, it will let the 2024 speak for itself. But we continue to see great growth opportunities in terms of being able to expand fee paying AUM across the illiquid alternatives platform with the infrastructure as a priority as well as growing base fees in a way that adds to our 5% organic growth objective through the cycle.
Martin Small: Thanks, Bill. I'm sorry, your phone wasn't working. So it's great to hear from you. Happy New Year. So as we said, we expect the transaction to be modestly accretive to EPS and operating margin in the first full year post close. We expect it to be accretive to long-term organic asset and base fee growth over time. We are adding -- we expect to be adding pro forma $400 million plus of post-tax margin accretive FRE as a result of the transaction. The transaction is structured so that we're crying 100% of the assets and business of GIP. So all of the future management base fees will be within the transaction perimeter. And that's where we derive our estimates for the 2024 and beyond FRE growth in the business. In terms of thinking about the fee rates, the fee rates are relatively comparable overall to the BlackRock illiquid alternatives, but think north of 100 basis points in terms of how you're modeling that out. As you noted in the deck that we posted to the Investor Relations website, the transaction is that GIP owners and employees are keeping 100% of the carried interest for existing GIP funds and future funds will be 60% to the GIP teams and 40% to BlackRock. I'm not going to talk about fundraising or future funds, but we would expect those performance fees to come on in later years, not in the near term, given the trajectory for how vintages come on. And we'd expect improvement in the fee-related earnings growth over the next two years.
Robert Kapito: Yes. So I'll just add just two things, Mike. I wake up every morning salivating about the $7 trillion that's sitting in money market accounts that's waiting to move. And in order for it to move, you have to have a wide plate of products. That's what we have been developing in client solutions. A lot of this is going to come from money that's flowing into model portfolios, which we are the leader in. And a lot of it is going to come from digital wealth, which is a $17 billion global market. It's growing at 15% and ETFs are becoming the investors' preferred vehicle with access to investments. And then lastly, as we blend the active and passive business together, we're going to see a lot of active fixed income portfolios move into an ETF wrapper. We're the leader in ETF wrappers as well. So I think there's a huge, huge runway for fixed income and really the wind is right behind our back for that.
Robert Kapito: The other thing is that we are very good at structuring product for the individual investor, the wealth investor, and I'm looking forward to working with Bayo's team to figure out how our teams can get together and democratize those investments because, as Larry mentioned before, this is such a perfect retirement product long duration, good yield, equity upside, it's going to open up new areas of growth that we have not tapped yet.
Robert Kapito: Yes. So it's Rob here. So the answer is it's going to be dependent upon rates and alternative investments. So I think history shows when the cycle stops, that's when people first start to re-risk. We saw about $40 billion come out of money market funds to us as people re-risk and then there's market volatility and it stops. So I think we have to get to what people will feel is the end of the cycle in rates, and then people will look. The benefit for us is then when they re-risk, they usually come into more precision investments, which are higher fee type investments and yield really matters. So I think if you look at it, there's a blurring between the bank deposits and the money markets, all dependent upon rates. But once that cycle stops and it's been a start and stop over the last year, at least, especially in the fourth quarter, but that's how we look at it.
