Laurence Fink: We have been incredibly focused in broadening the capabilities of Aladdin, as you know, over the last 10 years, whether it's Aladdin provider or the work we are doing related to the trading platforms. So on top of that, Aladdin accounting, using Aladdin for private markets through eFront. And then I would say probably a little more interesting directions is using a lateral whole portfolio reviews and views. All of this is just leading to more and more conversations. On top of that, as we built up deeper and deeper expertise in different products, the clients who have historically hired us years ago who are only, let's say, in a fixed income platform are now looking at Aladdin across privates, across equities, across other areas. So let's be clear. A lot of the growth is with existing clients, but also a lot of growth is now with the new clients. So, we're not only just seeing clients in the old geographic footprint. We're seeing new clients expanding geographically. More and more clients flows now in Europe, much more in the Middle East. We won our first client in Africa. Over the years, we've become one of the leading technology platform for the pension fund community in South America and Mexico. So Aladdin is becoming one of the key enterprise components of the ecosystem in various parts of the world. And I do believe when you have market shocks, when you have dislocations and volatility, it truly underscores the need for a more fulsome connected enterprise operation. Historically, people thought of Aladdin as risk management. Most people are not hiring Aladdin for risk management as much as its flow-through enterprise operating system. Having that connection with the custodial bank, having the ability to have accounting, having a whole portfolio analysis and helping them truly drive a whole portfolio analytical understanding. And so, all of this is just leading to more and more opportunities whether it's a focus on sustainability or a focus on operations or focusing on, again, risk management, Aladdin is just very well positioned to meet the needs of the clients, and we're more focused than ever on enhancing the Aladdin value proposition. Let's be clear, in declining markets, clients are worried about their expenses. And yet, what we proved in '22 with declining expenses, Aladdin enterprise system can actually lower expenses in a holistic way. And so, what we're trying to do is show the true ability to clients worldwide about how can Aladdin be a component to drive greater and greater success in terms of operational success, investment success. But over time, Aladdin can drive down expenses, too, for any operation.
Laurence Fink: Great question. So the majority of investors in fixed income ETFs are not passive. They're active. We've been talking about this -- actually began talking about this in 2012 where we believe the simplicity, the liquidity, the operational abilities to use fixed income ETFs to get your factor exposures, the duration, the convexity, the credit exposures you're looking for, you could do that through investing in these index instruments, but you're certainly not passively navigating or managing them. And I truly believe what we saw in 2022, movements out of mutual fund into ETFs provides much greater precision expertise to manage your fixed income exposures through ETFs. And I believe this is going to become one of the most important transformations in the entire capital markets, that more and more bond exposures are going to be utilized through ETF purchases, and it is not passive. It is highly active, and that's where people get confused because they think about ETFs as a passive instrument, both bonds and stock. And what we have been trying to identify over the years and now, most certainly, we saw that in 2022 in bonds that is far from a passive instrument. It is an index liquid investment to allow you to get your exposures that you're seeking, and you're able to navigate those exposures. Look, I believe in how investors are going to use it. They're going to use it side-by-side with their true active bond investing. So I'm not trying to suggest bond active investing. Buying individual bonds is going away, it's not. But for the bulk of most fixed income portfolios, you do not need to have all individual bonds. You can express a large component of that through ETFs. And then if you have the great credit expertise, mortgage expertise where you could really find true value in individual bonds, you're going to do that. But let's be clear, most organizations can't do that in totality in their entire fixed income universe. And so, I believe ETFs are going to continue to grow, especially in fixed income. Rob talked about how we believe this is the beginning of a major expansion of bond ETFs as a component of the entire bond market. And we believe this is going to simplify investing. It's going to make investing in bonds easier with more liquidity, and it's going to be cheaper. And I believe this is only the beginning, using index-like instruments like bond ETFs to actively invest to actively express your exposures that you're seeking, alongside side-by-side in individual bond selections. And we are seeing that with every, if not all -- but I'm going to say every active bond investor is now using ETF as a component of their active expression of exposures.
Laurence Fink: I do, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our fourth quarter and full year performance is a direct result of our commitment in serving our clients each and everyone individually, providing them choice and helping them through guidance with our fiduciary standards that help them evolve and build their needs for the long term. I'm incredibly excited about 2023 and the opportunities ahead of us. And I believe BlackRock is in a position unlike any other time in our history, I want to thank all of you and everyone, please have a great start to our new year.
