Laurence Fink: I said that was an aspiration, let’s be clear. And it was technology not just Aladdin. So we believe what we are doing in with our FutureAdvisor platform, with our iRetire platform, and of course in Aladdin for wealth management, Aladdin for institutional clients, Aladdin provider for the custodial banking industry. We believe we have great growth potentials worldwide. As I said in my prepared remarks we are seeing Aladdin interest in LatAm, in Europe. We have wealth management -- Aladdin for wealth management integration going on right now in Asia, and so it's continuing to drive our platform, but I am – where I am most pleased and I think has been the evolution of Aladdin beyond what it’s core competency was a few years back by allowing – by having the ability to work with our wealth management clients and helping them having the analytical capacity to analyze the risk of every single client they have. And so especially in a world that is moving with MiFID II with a world that is moving more towards advisory-less brokerage, I believe the need for greater oversight, greater understanding is going to be necessary, and the Aladdin platform is one of the options that many people have to drive that technology knowledge. So and then, we will continue to do acquisitions, we have few areas that we are looking at right now to further add opportunities that we have in technology. But let me just say importantly what technology is for BlackRock. It's the core of our culture. So it’s and what I do believe what our clients are finding when they have the Aladdin platform and when you have the singularity of one technology platform throughout an organization, it's driving our clients’ culture, and I do believe this is going to continue to drive a component of the growth that we see for Aladdin, so we are quite excited. At times, we are pretty overwhelmed with the opportunities but Mr. Goldstein and team have done a very good job in terms of driving those opportunities.
Laurence Fink: I mean, look Bill I think fee rates going down, I think as a reality of what's happening some of that is mix shift some of that is changing regulation in terms of distribution. Some of that will ultimately, will all accrue to the benefits of the end client. I think ultimately this comes down to our ability to generate sustainable alpha I think if we can generate sustainable alpha in a way that in some ways kind of captures three to four time the fee overtime I think will be fine. If we are in a period of significantly lower returns and lower sustainable alpha then obviously I think the fee rates are going to have to come down accordingly.
Laurence Fink: Let me just put it into a different context to, I think this is missing in the narrative. There is a greater believe that long term return are structurally lower than they were 10 and 20 years ago. So if you have an expected long term return of let’s say 6% which many people think there might be high when you look at balance portfolio? Fees take up a lot of that return. And as long as we believe the world is going to be in a low return environment our clients are under a lot of pressure. And clients are looking for different ways of seeking those outcomes. And this is why I actually believe why more clients are coming to us now because they have the structural problem. Their liability or their actuarial needs are greater than they can earn with our asset base and so they are looking at them or they are looking to have less expensive product but they are looking for a much more holistic solution and I think the era where a manager sold a product a sole product that is what's being threatened today. And as Rob just said we are in a great position with our clients to try to help them with these really difficult issues we have had a couple of state funds announced that they are lowering their actuarial rates that's very hard to do if a state fund lowers their actuarial rate that means they have to go to their union and say pay more that means they have to go to state and say contribute more. And so, this is one of the real issues that I think is being lost it's being so when you talk about or when we talk about fee pressure fee pressure comes from the real issue of lower expected returns and I think this is one of the big issues around hedge funds and why we are constantly reading about some hedge funds closing some hedge funds are lowering their fees because the fee structures are just too large versus the returns on a risk adjusted basis that they are achieving so this is a broad based issue. It's not just in the wealth management area. It's across spectrum of clients. I know I am belaboring this point but I think it's a very important point but this is the environment we all live in. and I think this is the environment that really positions BlackRock in a very differentiated way. So we understand this problem we are dealing with this issue and we are taking advantage of it. I believe it that.
Laurence Fink: Let's be clear. Technology creates efficiency across everything so we look at technology not just for portfolio construction, portfolio management we are using it for clients connectivity we are using it for efficiencies within our platform. The technology advancements we made in Aladdin related to dealing with the custodial banks saves us large sums of money. So I want to talk about technology is changing every component of our firm. And I think this is one of the reasons why our margins have been consistently strong by the utilization of technology across all the spectrums. You ask specifically related to technology, related to investing because the advancement in technology, because utilization is centered technology, because the internet playing a role in everything and anything we do there is information that we could not search for four, five years ago, whether it is communication by employees about their firms and consumer sentiments about product and so by having the ability to deep dive on data interpreting that data through different algorithms and models hopefully we will be creating excess alpha so it creates product, creates product returns and so that's where we look at the greatest amount of advancements. We are also looking at computers and can computers be learning and adapting in markets. But that's something for the future. But importantly, technology today for data analysis, technology for very quick analysis of that data is going to be really the key component of driving I believe returns in active investing in the future. And I do believe because technology has created the efficiencies it creates more efficiencies across and we can pass on those efficiencies also to our clients and I think this is one thing that's being missed here we are, we talked about some of the fee cuts and yet we have an increase of 100 basis points in margins. So we look at technology as a great efficiency provider for investing for custodial assets, for communicating with our custodial clients, for communicating with our employees, for communicating with our clients. So it is the key element that is going to transform BlackRock and I would say every other financial services company. So technology is what is driving the scale at BlackRock and its driving hopefully better outcomes for and to our clients. 
Laurence Fink: So let me jump in there. So this is not just a U.S. announcement that we made we are talking about our platform Rob and our platform is going forward believing that both human and technology is better than one or the other. So, in the platform that the portfolio managers are going to be using, going forward they are going to have the ability to tap in to both the data that we are getting from our technology, from our scientific activity equity groups and the fundamental groups because we believe that those people talking together using the data, using the signals that we are getting and the block and tackle fundamental approach together are better than either individually. So it is a platform change that we made it did have because of the reasons Gary cited more immediate attention on the U.S. but it's a platform change that we are making globally in our active investment business.
Laurence Fink: Well that's pretty complex question. So and I don't think there is a risk of it being too big. So let me try to deconstruct your question. Aladdin is more than just a risk management platform. It's an enterprise platform. So, there are many companies that provide enterprise platform for different companies whether it's Oracle or SAP or cloud computing so an enterprise system and that's what Aladdin really is because it's front middle and back office platform and a component of it is risk management. I think you are referring to the risk management component of it. It's a service model. We provide with different models each individual client can put their own algorithms on to Aladdin that are customized for them. So they can interpret the model. So it's not a platform that is monolithic with one model. And so the notion that the fact that many people use it that it becomes systemic is just not a point of understanding what the platform really is. I think by the client interest the opportunities we have the opportunities are as large as ever. And it is because of its enterprise solution and as we now have Aladdin provider working with the custodial banks ultimately it's going to simplify our trading, trade entry compliance working alongside with the custodial bank to create so much more efficiencies for the users across the Aladdin system. So if we could provide for Aladdin, for other clients this enterprise system that creates these efficiencies that make them in a better position we are all better off from it. So it's once again Aladdin is a service model it's not BlackRock's models. And so I think we are happy to give you a demo on Aladdin what it is and what it isn't.
Laurence Fink: Yes, thank you for all joining us this morning and for your continued interest in our firm. Our first quarter results once again highlights the investments we made to enhance a differentiation at BlackRock’s diverse global platform. We continue to take a long term view and stay ahead of, and navigating near term developments in the financial and economic landscape on behalf of our clients and importantly on behalf of our shareholders for that. Have a good quarter.
Gary Shedlin: Hey Craig, it's Gary. Good morning. So maybe I will take crack at that for you. I think if we can start, recall from investor day which was I guess about nine months ago, we showed the chart on investor day that detailed how despite growth of about $1.3 billion on our base fees, and I think it was from 2012 to 2015, so that chart is a little outdated now, despite that growth our fee rate had actually declined by little over 1 basis point. I think it was about 1.3 basis points. Organic growth drove about 30% of the revenue growth over that period of time, and actually expanded our fee rate by about 1 basis point. That, I would basically refer you to as mixed shift and that is a phenomenon where our organic base fee growth is actually growing faster than our organic asset growth which frankly with the exception of last year, it has done pretty continuously. While beta and FX and drove about 70% of the revenue growth, which again our elements outside of our direct control had actually caused a 2 basis points decline in the fee rate over that time period, and that is really what we talk about as being divergent beta, and FX actually increases our revenue but it actually decreases our fee rate, and if you think about it, pretty simply the S&P has significantly outperformed global and emerging markets, and we have seen significant dollar strengthening by somewhere between 20% and 25% versus the pound in the Europe. And what does that do to us, that actually causes our dollar denominated assets to increase, which have lower fees versus products in Europe and Asia and especially in the emerging markets. Now bear in mind, over that time period, there really were no meaningful fee cuts to speak of, but obviously we did launch the core in the fall of 2012. Last year, just to true-up that chart, the fee rate declined about 1 basis point despite another year of positive organic fee growth in a tough market and I think we have talked a lot about that where the trends were generally the same. But if you look back whether it was, we really generated organic base fee growth of 6% in 2013, in 2014, and 2015; and while it dipped 1% last year we generated 5% organic base fee growth in the first quarter and that's even with the fee cuts that we have announced both in fixed income and iShares. So I think the bottom line really is divergent beta and FX in many cases, which is re-pricing in some respects $5 trillion of assets everyday, but I also think that we are as Larry mentioned we really feel that we are as well positioned as we have ever been to grow not only assets but also base fees in a variety of markets and really differentiate ourselves in terms of organic growth through a variety of market cycles.
Gary Shedlin: So let me just add to that. One of the things that is happening is that the financial advisers are looking for lower cost products. So first there was shift and they need to go to a firm that has a wide range of products both active and passive and then secondly they need to look where they can find best value at the best price. Both of those really bode well for BlackRock and that is why Larry used the words in his brief deliberate and strategic investments that we are making. So we are making those investments in those core types of products that we know the financial advisers will need to be able to do the appropriate asset allocation they need at the best value and the best price. So that shift is actually moving in our direction.
Gary Shedlin: Hey Rob, it’s Gary. I will just give a little bit of a quick overview and then Larry and Rob can jump in as they feel I mean I think ultimately we are looking at those efficiencies and development and maturity of markets and when we think here about the re-positioning it was – it really follows much more on the line of how we approached our product segmentation work with iShares a number of years ago at the end of the 2012. And in that case it was really trying to align who the particular buyers of a product were with the right fees and in this case it was really trying to align our ability to generate sustainable alpha in certain products with the fee potential and so if you think about segmenting the products between kind of core alpha and high conviction in some respect I think it's somewhat of an acknowledgment that in many parts of the U.S. large cap market in particular ability to really generate sustainable alpha and still charge premium fees in terms of very broad based portfolios that really tinker around indexes I don't want investors like index having per say but your ability to take risk and generate incremental return needs to be much more closely aligned with the fee potential and so it was reallocating in that we really try to align fee with the ability to generate a certain level of sustainable alpha. Outside of the U.S. market in lesser developed market less efficient markets more disperse and less correlation I think we still feel very strongly in places like Europe and Asia and certain emerging markets that frankly give ability to generate sustainable alpha can support higher fees and I think our performance has certainly show that overtime.
Gary Shedlin: Well, Patrick it’s Gary. I’m hoping, you will see both I mean, as Rob said, part of the reposition, the active portfolio was basically changed to use scale to bring better outcomes to clients obviously in terms of better sustainable alpha at a more efficient price point for them. But the intent at the end of the day is to generate incremental growth for BlackRock shareholders by having a better value proposition in terms of price and performance that we think ultimately will drive better organic growth. In terms of some of the things you mentioned around just leveraging service providers in many cases, in certain instances our clients pay those fees in which case that will be a direct benefit to them and in certain cases as if in our ETF which is a unitary price structure BlackRock itself pays those fees. So our shareholders will clearly benefit so I think that in all cases we’re going to basically try to use our scale to drive growth that growth is ultimately better for both clients as well as shareholders and I think as you look at margin expansion over whether it’s just the last year-over-year or 100 basis points or frankly even since we closed the BGI deal at the end of 2009 and margins are probably up 400 to 500 plus basis points since then. And I think there is no question that we’re using our scale to generate better outcomes for both clients and shareholders. If it’s good for the client at the end of the day we strongly believe it’s going to be good for the BlackRock shareholder.
