Laurence Fink: Yes, I mean, the outflows was scientific equity, period. And in sum, in commodities, we're a very big player in commodity-like products. Obviously, you know what has happened in commodities in the latter half of the second half of the second quarter. And so some of that was in the retail space and our retail mutual funds in the commodity-like products. So to me, that's just the ins and outs of the marketplace. But we don't -- we see much greater stability now in the scientific equity side. And as you suggested, I think the future is much more positive than the past.
Laurence Fink: As I said, my objective over the long run is have 40-plus percent margins. And so we're not there yet and I intend to manage the firm accordingly, making sure we take advantage of the opportunities in terms of hiring and all that. This environment, Craig, is a great time for us to be hiring as other firms are really downsizing. And I think the prospects of where and how we're positioned, we're having a great opportunity in doing that. At BlackRock, in our leadership retreat, we talked about raising the bar, and that's what we intend to be doing. And if we have great opportunities to hire really terrific people, we're going to be doing that and expanding the platform. But yet, in saying all of that, we are going to be very mindful in terms of managing our margins.
Laurence Fink: Yes. That's exactly how we're writing. I would say, if anything, there's been a little more drag, but it's still within that -- confined to 2 to 3 quarters. You tell me what's going to happen in terms of emerging markets and commodities, that will have a big determination of some of our flows. Because as you know, a great deal of retail flows has been in the emerging economies, in ETF flows, in mutual fund flows, a great deal in mutual fund flows and institutional flows has been in commodity-based products, commodity-based equities. And we are big players in that. And if there is a capitulation in that, we will be part of that capitulation. Nevertheless, we feel very good about our product mix and the opportunities that are ahead of us. We're in dialogues right now with some very large institutions who are looking to externalize large proponents to their balance sheet. Let's see if we win any of them. But our dialogues with our clients are as robust as they've ever been. But once again, nevertheless, clients have capitulated. We have seen a slowdown in May and June, and much of that has been in the Retail space. You see those in the retail flows in the U.S. But if somebody's going to get the flows in the next 6 months, I think we're one of the parties who are going to get it.
Laurence Fink: Well, we're going to continue to invest in the emerging market world. We're going to continue to invest in those products. I still believe every firm, including BlackRock, has become more and more less dollar denominated over a 10-year cycle, as just follow GDP in other parts of the world. We need to follow our investment platform where GDP is growing. That is not to say we're diminishing anything to do here in North America. We actually have great opportunities here too in the Defined Contribution space, where you're seeing total changes in that space. So I don't see any slowdown in our investments. I will slow down the investments if I have to, if I see that we're just not producing. We'll mitigate some of those investments, and we will try to reap the benefits of our past investments. But if we could continue to build out our Asian team and hire really high-quality people in a time when a lot of for firms are downsizing, we're going to do that.
Laurence Fink: And last year, because of all the reduction in prop trading by Wall Street, sec lending diminished dramatically. But as hedge funds grew in their assets, sec lending increased.
Laurence Fink: Yes, it's more fiduciary. So you're just seeing we're way more fiduciary, which is lower fees than Global All. And what you're seeing also, as a whole, you're going to -- what it should be telling you, it's becoming institutionalized, too, where it used to be a lot more retail.
Laurence Fink: Well, we continue to be in the top 3 in net new sales in Europe. As I said in International Retail, in May and June, we saw more outflows in our equities. In the first quarter, we saw huge inflows in equities. In May and June, there is more inflows in fixed income and other participants participated in that. And so, I think the International equities, because of our strong presence, as I said earlier in gold funds and in commodity-like products, we had more volatility in that category. And we continue to see volatility in that quarter in July. But we're very well positioned there. We continue to see very strong growth in most of the regions in Continental Europe. We're working on closer and more robust alliances with a few of our large distribution partners. And so we're very positive about our positioning in our International Retail platform. We have great opportunities in the U.K., continued opportunities in Italy, we have a growing presence in Germany and France, so it continues. We are seeing more volatility in Taiwan, in Asia. And I would say, an area that we're starting see some real growth in our mutual fund platform is Japan for the first time in many, many years. I'm pleased to say that. And that has a lot to do with our joint venture relationship with Mizuho. We're starting to see flows there. One of the big initiatives we have, not just in our International Retail products, but our global mutual fund products are income-oriented strategies. This is going to be our real premise over the course of the next year, and really pushing income-oriented strategy. That's going to be our big push in the third and fourth quarter and going into next year. And that's where we see probably the greatest opportunity worldwide.
Laurence Fink: I have not changed any of my views. Obviously, if the world still capitulates, those will be wrong. If the world feels ultimately -- if it stabilizes, I could be too barish on the flows. But I do believe our platform can allow us to the have that type of consistent growth.
Laurence Fink: Clearly, as Ann Marie said, Bill, we're paying for the 3 buildings now, we're going to be paying for 1. But I don't look -- and as Ann Marie said, we're not looking at that to offset other expenses. We're looking at all our expenses and our margins in the totality. This is just one of many levers.
Laurence Fink: So let me just answer that question. In terms of equities, of the $84 billion, about $25 billion of this is equities -- did I get it right? So yes, excuse me.
Laurence Fink: No, what we're saying in scientific is we are seeing a real turnaround in performance, which I believe over the course of the next 6 months to a year, we'll start seeing a turnaround in the flows. It's not going to be that immediate. But if we continue to have this type of performance, and I'm talking more U.S. scientific. Global scientific, we're seeing flows, and we have had consistently good performance.
Laurence Fink: I'll use it when I need it. I'm not afraid of using it. Obviously, we're going to look at -- the Board will look at dividends, we'll look at stock repurchases. Obviously, those are the 2 most useful to shareholders in terms of capital management. We continue to look at small, little lift outs of teams and people. I could tell you we're not looking at any big mergers. So I believe it's fair to say we will look at -- as we did this past 6 months, we're going to look at dividends and we're going to look at share repurchases when and if necessary.
Laurence Fink: I could tell you I'm very happy with those ratios today. One should not assume that we're going to continue to leverage this institution to buy in more debt. I think that would be a -- because we do get to drive some of earnings through beta, I do not like having leverage beta debts. I think that is a cause for a financial uncertainty. I also believe the more leverage you have in a balance sheet, the more scrutiny you're going to have by your regulators worldwide, as leverage is a great component as in terms of risk when they look at institutions. And so it's not a function of looking at my ratings as much as making sure that we are in good standing with all the regulators worldwide. And that we are not a focus of any one regulator because of our leverage ratios.
Laurence Fink: Let's open up the phone for everyone. Maybe someone could help us. I have no idea either. I don't know. Let's say we've had very good -- we're in very good dialogue with our worldwide regulators. I think, we'll all learn at the same time as to how they determine these types of characteristics and what they're looking for. And we'll know. But we don't know how they analyze unleveraged institutions the same way they analyze these very large leveraged institutions.
Laurence Fink: I think it depends on what regulator you speak to. I think some regulators would like all of them to gain bank deposits and so having some other regulators are really believe that we need a more broad-based financial landscape, so money market funds are good in the diversifications of money. I think that's a raging debate within the regulatory regimes worldwide, what will all the money markets on display. I do believe there's more -- there's a greater view that money market funds serve a very good strong purpose as a diversification away from too big to fail institutions. Nevertheless, it is our strongest position at BlackRock, and we've been a leading advocate of it, that we do believe that money markets should have some capital set aside to minimize any type of exposure or run. The SEC and the Federal Reserve has asked many questions related to capital and subordination [ph]. And this is not a part at Dodd-Frank, but this is going to be part of the changes in the regulatory landscape. And I think this is fluid dialogue going on between the mutual fund and money market industry. We're a part of that and our regulators.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think we've done a very good job in the last year of navigating clients who we were asked to do short term advisory assignments to navigating those into a long term Aladdin-type assignments. We are moving more and more business into the Aladdin space. I said earlier, we just signed a very large Aladdin contract yesterday in Europe. It's not public who it is, but it's a large financial institution. And most importantly, which I did not say about these 2 contracts, it is multi-asset. So it is not just fixed income, it is now equity. And so we are now navigating -- we're now in dialogue with many of our clients of adding part of the Aladdin platform of the entire balance sheet equity and bond. And so this is where we believe the next leg in terms of growth. But nevertheless also, Aladdin used to be a heavily oriented U.S. business, and we have won, so far this year a large assignment in Japan, we've won multiple assignments in Europe, and we see great growth opportunities worldwide. So the revenue line, you're correct in saying it is essentially flat. The translation -- and Ann Marie could go into detail offline, Rob, going from 1x win to more reoccurring revenues has really accelerated.
Laurence Fink: Well, as I discussed over the many years, when you win an Aladdin assignment, you have very low margins. Because the first year, we're not providing any service, we're on-boarding all the assets. So it's really a very low margin, an almost cost-related type of business. It is once the on-boarding is complete, we are providing the business to the client where the margins improve. And I would say, because of the fact that we're winning more Aladdin assignment now, as Ann Marie discussed, it looks to you that we are lowering our margins. But the reality is it's just the economy in which we win this business. And then as the on-boarding occurs, the margins go more normalized.
Laurence Fink: I just want to wish everyone a very good quarter, and I hope the politics of the U.S. and the politics of Europe, that they do the right thing and so we as investors, we as leaders of businesses can focus on the long term and getting back to investing in the long term, which then means hiring and job growth. And until our politicians understand that the short term that they're focusing on and the uncertainty that they're creating is really inhibited a lot of what I would call long-term growth in the private sector economies worldwide. Thank you, everyone.
Ann Petach: Yes. What I would say the only seasonality that really is there is on the revenue line, which is the sec lending revenues, which I mentioned that in my comments for some seasonality. On the expense side, what we saw in the second quarter, I think the only trend items there are we hired more people in the second quarter, and in the first quarter, we have our highest payroll taxes. So those 2 sort of offset each other, but we will see a little bit of base comps from more people. And then marketing, we're going to continue to invest in the brand. But overall, I don't see anything where we're not going to continue to manage the expenses and the margin.
Ann Petach: Well, starting with the second one, there really was nothing unusual that was material as far as the expense side. There was nothing material, unusual going on. So no trend to talk about. The sec lending revenues, I did call out and we do disclose in our Q, were $144 million in total in the quarter, which is up a bit from prior quarters because of seasonality, as well as I mentioned, up 24% compared to a year ago.
Ann Petach: Yes. That really is just an accounting anomaly. We do book all of our performance fees when locked, but sometimes they're on estimated results because we don't yet have the final results. So that negative is just really reflective of an estimate in the fourth quarter, which went the final number, reversed a little, it wasn't material to the total number that was booked. So not indicative of present performance that really continues to have good performance.
Ann Petach: When you look at look at all our alternative flows and what we see from the alternatives, we've got what you think of traditionally as alternative we've also got currency and commodity. So what you're seeing on the negative side is really -- frankly, on the iShares, what we saw in the second quarter was outflows out of commodities, frankly, out of silver in particular. And we saw currency coming out. So it was not reflective at all of the fundamental alternatives business, which was growing, but reflective of currency and commodity. And that break out is given to you in the uncollated [ph] result.
Ann Petach: Yes. It's interesting. I mentioned the increase on flows -- the higher base point realization on inflows and outflows. But on the total installed book, that works its way in very, very slowly. So unfortunately, the mix of inflows impact on revenue comes in gradually over a long period of time. The sec lending really, I think, you can work out pretty easily based on the data I can give you. And I can help you with that offline or anyone that needs help with it, because that does cause a lift up in the second quarter basis point realization. But all that said, we're seeing a gradual, little bit by little bit increasing average basis points every single quarter, and that's without the sec lending. But it's a gradual migration.
Ann Petach: What I would say is, look, we have with our present 2 buildings, about 300,000 square feet, and we're taking about 200,000 square feet. But what we're doing today is we're paying double rent. And the part that'll go away is actually the double rent once we accelerate those remaining lease expenses.
Ann Petach: Well, there's a lot going on. And I guess, we're not really thinking about that in that way. We're really thinking about bringing in the right expenses to grow the business that are going to produce the returns, and balancing that with the rate of revenue books.
Ann Petach: Yes, the recurring mix of revenue is the strongest it's been since we've entered into the alternate process [ph], so it's gotten stronger each quarter.
Ann Petach: And one other thing I would say to that is it's almost a privilege to be talking about a margin on a business that for almost any firm, is just a cost space. So it's a good factor. I mean, remember, we're getting revenues for supporting what we also use to support the core running of our own business.
