Larry Fink: Thank you, Salim. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. Hopefully, you heard from hearing from -- hearing from Salim and Rob, I hope you get a sense of the depth of the leadership team at BlackRock beyond Rob Kapito, and myself. I hope you also found today’s insights helpful in better understanding how BlackRock is helping our clients and our employees navigate this unprecedented environment and how our diverse business model provides us a greater resiliency in times like this. The strategic investments we’ve made over recent years in key areas for growth continues to deliver. And we believe BlackRock is more differentiated in this environment than ever before. I cannot be prouder of how BlackRock’s 16,000 employees have come together during this time to help one another and to ensure we’re doing everything we can on behalf of all our clients worldwide.  With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Larry Fink: So let me start with that related to the de-risking, risking. And I'm going to have Rob Kapito talk about this too because he's on the frontline of this. Obviously we had vast de-risking from February 21st to the end of the quarter. And much of it was done using indexed products to go in and out of the marketplaces. But our conversations have been very broad in terms of what our clients are going to start inching back into the marketplace. So we had a recent call in the month of April with 750 institutional clients and 75% of that group expressed plans to actively take on more risks and by -- start beginning to buy in dips, while only 5% expressed that they are taking risk off the table. And we're seeing this across the board in our illiquid alternative space. We are actually having deeper, longer, broader dialogues than ever before. Clients are looking -- continue to looking for that. As we showed in sustainability issues, clients are just as interested today despite all the underpinnings of the global economies related to COVID-19. And so I would say, clients have done broad de-risking. They wanted to get their foundation in views. Some of them will be -- had already entered the market. Some of them are going to be waiting because they expect another dip and it really depends on the client's position. We actually have some clients who were needed to sell because of the decline in energy prices. And there are all many reasons where you had not just a de-risking but we have governments who need cash flow and need to spend on that. And so, that's also a thing that has, in my mind that drove -- as oil prices were being driven down, it obviously created an environment where those countries that have been benefiting from rising energy prices and stable energy prices, they were investing dollars and now there they’re into support their economy, they've done other things in terms of using some of their vast savings to support their own economy.  We also expect to see clients continue to look at different equity strategies. In fact, one great client of BlackRock's heard from us about opportunities and they sold a large component of their U.S. government bonds and bought a portfolio of -- a conservative portfolio of dividend stocks, so selling government bonds and going up to a higher yielding asset class with upside potential in terms of beta. So they obviously went from one extreme government bonds to not hyper growth equities, but equities that provide a foundation of higher income than what you could earn in bonds. So, across the board.  Let me have Rob continue to give you a little more texture and color. 
Larry Fink: I object to your -- the way you framed it as a bailout. I don't know where you're coming from with that question. I think it's insulting. There is -- all the issues around what we're doing with governments is based on great practices. There was never any questions about supporting one market or using tools. But beginning to the details of the answer after I responded to your framing of the question, let me give the answer to Salim.
Larry Fink: First of all, thank you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Let me just state first, I'm very honored by the trust that our clients, the governments and communities have placed for BlackRock. We approach it with a deep sense of responsibility. We are a fiduciary in every action we do. We're a fiduciary in terms of information. We're a fiduciary in terms of how policy is being executed. And let me just say, we're committed to making sure that we are doing everything we can for our clients. We are committed in making sure our advice is one as a fiduciary to governments. And we will continue to build that presence. And I do believe the results of our working with many, many governments is a testimonial to the fiduciary foundations of who and what we are. I'm also incredibly proud in the way our organization has come together guided by our long-standing principles and being true to our purpose to support each other and supporting our clients and supporting all the communities where we operate during this time of great need. I just want to emphasize more than ever before, a long-term focus has never been more critical for our investors. What has taken BlackRock here over the last 32 years is our ability to always focus on the long term. And we will continue to invest, we will continue to innovate in the years to come. We will continue to build the best leadership team in financial services. And we will continue to try to be the best source of stability in times of crisis. We want to meet our clients' needs more than ever, we want to make sure that the communities where we operate is a community of growth, not contraction. And more than ever before, we need to fulfill our purpose in helping more people worldwide in experiencing financial well-being, trust and hope, hope for their future, hope for the future of their community, hope for the future of their children and their children's children, and that's our purpose at BlackRock to do that, to work with communities, to work with our clients, and to hold dearly and tightly our employees so they feel safe and with that safety, they could continuously build that safety and hope to our clients. Please everyone, stay safe and have a wonderful quarter as best we can in the second quarter. Thank you. Bye, bye.
