Laurence Fink: I don't ever comment on our competitors. PIMCO is a fabulous investment firm so and Bill Gross has been a friend of mine for over 40 years, not that quite long about 38 years so. We're in a great position; we're seeing increasingly more dialogue from institutional clients than we've seen before. We began to see accelerated inflows on the retail side but now we are in more dialogue with more consulting firms, advisory firms to pension fund. So corporations are looking at how they should look at fixed income. Some of it is -- some of the movement is towards unconstrained into like SIO products. And let me just speak about BlackRock and reiterate having close to 90% of our products above their benchmark and some of them are in -- and many of them are in the top quartile now is a reason why people are coming to BlackRock both institutionally and retail. Where we are beginning to see some increased dialogues though, Ken, is in defined contribution side where this is an area where we had very little penetration on the fixed income side, we had large penetration on the index equity side. So we are now enjoying more flows retail and institutional and in all components of institutional, and I believe we will begin in the second and third quarters to see an acceleration in terms of money in motion as you called it in the fixed income universe.
Laurence Fink: Well LDI is a means in which you're trying to minimize risk and I do believe because of the growth in passive fixed income strategies in the ETF area and in obviously in the index side it's a great product for moving into LDI. So I would say there would be a higher propensity for investors seeking passive strategies and active strategies for LDI. But I think you're going to see in some care areas a growth of may be the unconstrained product areas into LDI also as a way of having a diversification in terms of fixed income strategies. But you should assume when people go to an LDI strategy they're essentially de-risking and a component of that de-risking is staying pretty current on to an index and this is why you're seeing a higher propensity to go into passive strategies.
Laurence Fink: So we are still at the earlier stages in that and what it gives us the ability to do is have more holistic conversations with our clients because clients own both passive and active whether they describe that an index funds, ETFs, or active portfolios. So most clients have been focused more on asset allocation and this way having people I can talk both sides of that conversation really resonates with them creating portfolios that are much more sticky going forward or that when there's an asset allocation they will asset allocate within BlackRock because we can offer the whole slate of products. It has taken a while to get that underway because it requires a significant amount of training combining the sales force to have that and also to, in a sense, upgrade our sales force to be able to talk more holistically. So while we've seen success it's still in the early stages and we expect more to come on that.
Laurence Fink: Rob, it's been very broad based, it's been so gratifying. It's throughout EMEA and Latin America actually. Areas of great growth have been really, I would say the core of Europe, Italy, Germany, Switzerland where we saw very good flows. So it just continues to dominate, and then even in Asia I don't know retail flows about $2 billion came from different countries in Asia. So it speaks very broadly about our global footprint and our growing brand recognition in PacAm, in Europe and in Asia and we continue to drive a strong position as an independent asset management platform working with our distribution partners worldwide. But also let me -- also say what is a key driver to the success is the expansion of high performing products whether it's our performance in fixed income, our performance in European equities, active equities where we're in the top decile for five years, and our growing success in Asian equities where we have Andrew Swan now with about two-and-a-half years under his belt at BlackRock with exceptional performance. So it is about our positioning worldwide globally, but it also the underlying component of that success is a growing success in our active product suite.
Laurence Fink: Yes, let me just give you a macro view and let Rob get into the granularity of products. But if you look at -- we had real large movements within the ETF space. In the first few weeks of January, we had up to $8 billion of outflows in EM, which was pretty disconcerting. Since that we had $4 billion of inflows. But importantly, since quarter-end, which is all public, so I can talk about it, we've had $10 billion in net inflows in our iShares products. So year-to-date we're over $17 billion of net flows. At quarter-end we were approximately $7.5 billion, so huge change in momentum. And so getting into the both the competitive landscape change, generally when you have more I would say more of an international flavor of investing we benefit, when it's more of a domestic flavor some of our competitors benefit. But I would tell you we're in a very good position to remain a leader in the ETF business in 2014. Rob, why don't you go talk about some of the products that we're launching and we're proposing and…
Laurence Fink: Well, we have invested tens and tens of million of dollars for making sure that the high frequency traders did not arbitrage us. We looked at it is a fiduciary responsibility making sure that we always provide our clients best execution. And we only do execution with the reputable counterparties and market venues. So this is something that we've been focused on for years. Obviously, it's a piece of -- it's a book that quits, obviously greater public awareness and we think there should be greater public awareness on these activity. But this is something we've been focused on for years, it is not -- our behavior has been consistent that our job as a fiduciary and get the best execution. We believe that market structure should always be there to be protecting investors. We believe in the concept of equal access of information. We believe in the concept of simplification of order types and message orders. So this is something we've been living with it may be in the public purview but this has been as a component of the market for years and years and years and I think I spoke about this in the past few quarterly updates that we have been vigilant in making sure that we're building adequacy in terms of our trading platform that we are providing best execution for our clients. That's what I care about more than anything else that we are there making sure that with all of the new technologies that we are not been arbitraged or that we have more friction cost in our execution. Because of the high preponderance of our equity holdings or index, as you know, we have to be so mindful of friction related to trading. And so this is why we've been very aggressive making sure we have that we focus on best execution, and I think this is a story that should be discussed, but this is a story that we've been aware of for years and have addressed it internally in terms of our platform.
Laurence Fink: I want to say bifurcated market. In alternatives you could have no track record and announce a strategy and if the strategy makes sense, we've seen this in the marketplace; people are able to raise money. So it really depends on the product itself as we are beginning to see some nice flows and certainly much more dialogue in our Asian equity platform where we have just under a three-year track record there. It takes more than a year for the key, I would say, on products like large cap core and large cap value and it may be three to four years -- two to three-year type of process. After three years, I think you then get on many buy lists across the board.
Laurence Fink: And that's the key if they continue to have the performance that they had at their prior place, we can benefit early. But in terms of our witnessing what happened in fixed income, in that case it was really more than a three-year process in which we needed to reprove ourselves because we had such a strong position in fixed income, we lost it, and it took three to four years of building that team back and building the performance back up. I don't think there is anyone straight line that's the way that we have review all the different products, it really depends on the circumstances around the team and the product itself.
Laurence Fink: Oh, trading. Yes, friction cost. There is no question as balance sheets of the dealers are more contained you see wider spreads than fixed income. I don't think this is a long-term problem, it may be a short-term problem; it will move, it will create more movement towards exchange trading for fixed income. And I do believe this is one of the reasons why more interest in ETFs and fixed income. So you don't have to focus on a bond, you could focus on ETFs that have maturity or ETFs that are connected to benchmarks. And so this is one of the reason why we think fixed income ETFs will grow dramatically over the course of next two years. But there is no question, there is times of great illiquidity and fixed income as dealers have cut back their capital associated with fixed income. And at times it represents larger friction cost than other times, but I do believe that will create a faster evolution towards more exchange traded fixed income platforms.
Laurence Fink: But as you think about business, we are going to have return of capital, successful monetizations of these things, this is the normal course of business and also this is why we have to continue to have an engine of growth of new products and this is one of the key components of it.
Laurence Fink: Just thank you for your commitment in investing in BlackRock. As I said earlier, I think the quarter is an example of the diversification of our business model, of having a strong presence in active and passive and fixed income and equities and alternatives and it really shows up quite well in our first quarter. And probably the other two major point that I would like to lead everybody, during the course of the quarter as we had this extreme volatility and market movement, every day during the volatility we had consistent inflows, which leads me to say that much of the market movement was more of a hedge fund oriented fast money type of behavior, long-term investors were committed to putting money to work and we saw no change in investor behavior in the first quarter. Also as a statement towards -- as we look towards the second and third quarter, we have never been in more active dialogue with more clients, with more consultants, with more distribution partners about BlackRock products probably in our corporate history and hopefully we can show you at the end of the second quarter that those dialogues turn into commitments. Once again, thanks for all the support, and I want to thank all the employees for all the support. Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: Well, you're correct in saying there some hedge funds that have done very poorly and that was heavily oriented towards the macro strategies. Our macro strategy hedge fund has relatively poor performance. However, our single hedge fund strategies or fixed income hedge fund strategies have all done quite well, and in fact we took advantage of some of the pain within the marketplace over the last two months. I would say overall we performed very strongly in our hedge fund strategies. Our multi -- our long/short equity or long/short fixed income hedge funds where we're seeing some very large flows both retail and institutional we had good performance. So we continue to see acceleration in conversations in the alternative space too. Two areas that I would like to highlight on the outside where we're beginning to have a total change in dialogue one is our real estate area where we have had performance issues out five years ago. And we have changes of leadership there, we did the acquisition of our teams and we are now in more dialogues on real estate than we had been in many, many years and infrastructure. Infrastructure we brought along a team over three years ago and we are now starting to see accelerating flows into our infrastructure alternative area. We're about $2 billion and I expect to see a doubling of flows over the next 12 months to 24 months in our infrastructure area. This is an area that I think is going to, we're going to have to continue to do invest in. As we think about the world going forward, there is a greater and greater need for infrastructure in the developing world, in the developed world and most certainly in the U.S., and we believe this is a great asset category for many of our investors. And so we look at this as an area of extreme growth.
Gary Shedlin: Sure. So on the G&A expense, as we mentioned the current quarter reflects what we call a dilapidation reversal, which is a function of some building we have over in London that obviously artificially reduced expenses for the quarter. As we also mentioned, there were some lower expense due to timing of the spend; the most major component there is our MMP spend that we called out on a variety of quarters. The fourth quarter as you know was actually impacted in many cases by the opposites, we had higher MMP spending during time and we have some lease exit cost and a variety of other accruals. So I think if you listened carefully, which I'm sure you did, in the fourth quarter we tried to walk you through what portion of our fourth quarter G&A increase was kind of tied to our continued growth of the business and we really haven't changed our view on that at that moment. So I think that the type of analysis you guys generally did in the fourth quarter looking at the first quarter, we still standby. In the non-op side, you correctly mentioned that the non-op was driven by the monetization of the non-strategic opportunistic key investment that was really tied to some years ago where we had a little bit of different strategy around potentially growing our off business, which obviously has changed at the moment. And so I would say again there that the street generally was fairly consistent in terms of estimates of our non-op with the exception of that one-time item. And I think on performance fees we really talked about it. I mean, we mentioned in the fourth quarter this is really the final piece of that liquidation. And at the moment, we would expect that most of the performance fees to be generally recurring in nature tied to our core goals business.
Gary Shedlin: And in connection with that again another $1 billion of commitments that were in the quarter which takes that up for now five consecutive quarters. So keep in mind that those numbers are not hitting our net new business flows until the capital is actually deployed, and once that capital is deployed it then obviously becomes available both to generate performance fees in the future.
Robert Kapito: So the retail base is thirsty for alternatives, and so long/short credit and long/short equity but both global are important for the retail base. And we've launched since 2011 six '40 act alternative products; they continue to raise money. In the first quarter alone it was $1.4 billion, and that's driven as I mentioned by the long/short credit, which has had very good performance as well as the global long/short equity funds, and each of those has raised over $700 million putting them in the selling fund. So it's really a retail thirst and of course that's coming from what else is available to them which is low rates on the fixed income side, and sometimes using dividend fund as a surrogate. So they need that double-digit returns and that's where we're seeing the interest from.
Robert Kapito: So we focus on what our clients' needs are the changing landscape in the markets. So we have eight new products already this year. And we're currency hedged to our enhanced international equity products and the other are fixed income. Obviously, there was a very big demand for short duration due to the fact that people -- most people thing that interest rates at some point have a higher probability of rising and there has also been a lot of interest in the municipal area. So we're going to be very opportunistic, we're going to follow the lead of our clients. And in some cases we're going to grow market share and in some cases we're going to take market share where we may have been late to the gain but we see an opportunity and people respect the brand, our ability to have the best tracking errors and liquidity in the marketplace. So we're going to go out in both of those. But we're going to continue to be -- have our nose close to the marketplace. And we will be very active in new products that we believe that we can have scale.
Robert Kapito: Well, I'm glad you asked that because this is a huge opportunity for us and we spend a lot of time and effort developing our retirement products around the world and I think you heard Larry talk a lot about the need for retirement products. And what you're talking about is really the UK pension reform where there will be less money going into the annuity product and more money going into products that are created for retirement. And as you know you've heard us talk about our extensive U.S. DC experience with our LifePath products and our floating products. We estimate that this opportunity in the UK alone could be about $25 billion in assets that might have gone into annuities that now will be, as Gary likes to say, money in motion. So we intend to put a lot of effort on putting together more retirement products to capitalize in this market. And I think BlackRock is uniquely positioned because of our multi-asset strategies and our product development, specifically tailored to the retirement area of which almost two-thirds of our assets at BlackRock are retirement related.
Robert Kapito: Have a following. So even though they didn't have a track record here, they are bringing with them track record. So we are now that they're onboard we're seeing those people be more willing to move now that they know they have settled in with us, so we will see some flows from there.
