Laurence Fink: Craig I would also add, we have witnessed a big shift from the big financial advisory firms more towards advice. I think that shift is moving more rapidly whether we are guided by a fiduciary rule or not next week, the SEC will be reviewing this. So we will hear from the SEC. But I do believe that changes that we have witnessed by the large platforms has changed how they sell products, I think it’s much more portfolio based. I believe it’s – we will continue to be more portfolio baseless product base, more solutions based, but I would also say they are in confusion as you suggested in U.S., but in Europe it’s moved. Europe has definitely moved especially with MiFID II much more towards advice and through a portfolio of solution. So I think this trend towards advice is global, it is not slowing down. And I do believe and I will reconfirm it the secular growth in ETFs will continue to be very strong we have said and we have not changed our opinions over the next 3 years to 5 years ETFs will double in size.
Laurence Fink: I am going to also add Glenn, we did witness outflows in high yield as an industry, as a firm and so your statement related to LIBOR, there I think it’s a reflection on some fears of the credit markets are – have over I think the credit spreads have tightened way too much and are going to witness some possible widening of yes more of a directional of the equity markets more than anything else. I don’t believe it’s a systemic change, but I do believe the rise in LIBOR is an indicator of some poor positioning by some professionals, but I don’t think it’s anything of any significance at this time.
Laurence Fink: So, this is really quite important to us and it dovetails with the first area that we have built to assist portfolio managers, which is the BlackRock Investment Institute and this was getting all of our portfolio teams together with some of the best econometrics and people to talk about how we can structure portfolios better. Once we have that together and that’s a pretty significant group of people that meet 4 times a year and produce weekly commentaries and this is really for internal use. With the success of that, we wanted to take this further, because we believe that utilizing artificial intelligence and people, so man and machine is going to create a better result of man or machine. And so what we are doing is we are staffing up and we hired a number of technology-oriented people, we have hired someone from NASA, we have hired someone from the technology area out-west. And what we are doing is we are putting together a group to start to use the technology that we have already built to see how we can find some significance in that forward performance. So, this is the beginning of what everyone has been writing about. It’s more than just fin-tech. This is using data to try to pull it in first which is not easy to do. Yes, there is the technology to pull in the data of which most data has only been around for the last 5 years getting access to the data, pulling it in, analyzing it, seeing if there is any significance to it and then testing that in the portfolios of our performance. So, this is a real important effort that’s going on and we are investing quite a lot into this and it will dovetail into our investment institute, the internal research that we do, the portfolio manager’s capability and eventually all be able to be the throughput through Aladdin and our other technology.
Laurence Fink: So working backwards, we are seeing a huge demand for our smart beta product. And you know that in 2017 we saw about 15% organic growth in smart beta and we are really differentiating ourselves in that particular area. At the end of the first quarter, we managed about $190 billion in factor based products including 108 of smart beta ETFs which were the number one player. iShares now has a global lineup of 147 smart beta ETFs, so we have created that as we are seeing the demand. We did see factor based inflows of about $3 billion this quarter, representing so far 6% annualized organic growth rates. So we believe the fact that strategies are going to continue to grow and we are investing in people and technology in the states. We have a pretty good set of unique advantages in factors, a rich history of innovation and thought leadership. As we created the first smart beta equity yield fund in 1979, we have the full spectrum of strategies from smart beta whether it be multifactor, single factor min valve to enhance to long only factors which enable us to actually create solutions. The construction capabilities I believe that we have help our clients to construct what we call a factor aware model, that technology and analytics that we have powered by Aladdin really help our team isolate and monitor factors in our investment process and to perform the necessary risk and analysis for clients and lastly, our people which we have included Andrew Ang, who heads our factor-based strategies group and they bring significant portfolio construction experience and model-based investment skills for the clients. Now, when it comes to ETFs and financial advisors, financial advisors are being asked to do more, it’s not a stock picking or bond picking environment. What they need to do is they need to have the tools to be able to understand the risk behind the individual portfolios that they have, they need help in modeling portfolios. And a lot of this is going to be coming through technology. So, we have spent many, many years now building technology for large institutional clients and have had most recently the ability to use that technology to bring it to the financial advisor, where they could look at individual portfolios and understand the risk that they have in the returns and match it to the liabilities or the outcome that a client needs and not only individual, but they could do it in aggregate for all of the portfolios that they are overseeing. That gives them not only the ability to have better information, but it also gives them the ability to be much more efficient and they can handle many, many more clients. So, by working to understand what they need for their clients, they need to grow their business. We are seeing a huge demand for that capability. And of course when you are modeling and the changes in compensation have taken place for financial advisors, they need to create portfolios based upon the lowest priced products that they could have, and that describes some of the movement between the alpha seeking strategies and the passive and ETF business. And part of the ETF business is driven by this need to have products to express precision ways to get returns in a portfolio that they have. So, it all dovetails in if you have now the analytics, the technology, the modeling capability, the portfolio construction experience and then the products to put in. And if you think about what Larry described in his opening session, it was developing these tools specifically for that and that’s been our mission and I think that’s what’s driving more financial advisors who want to work with BlackRock, because we can provide the full service that they need for their business going forward and achieve the desired result for their client.
Laurence Fink: I think you are correct in saying we had a good quarter. We expect illiquid alts could be one of the more significant delta or net drivers for us in the next few years. We have spent since 2012 a long foundation in building our infrastructure business is up to $18 billion now we are out fund-raising now for another global alternative energy fund. We are in the process of raising long-term private capital fund. And so I think we are going to have a lot to talk about over the next few quarters related to the opportunities and the position that BlackRock has across our illiquid platform. I would also though suggest I think we are in very good position in our illiquid alts area too. So, we look at this as a important growth area for the firm. We believe this will be a continuing waiver in our net organic base fee column. And we purposely have been investing in these areas now for the last 5 years and I do believe we are just beginning to see the net positive flows into these strategies.
Laurence Fink: So, the area that we are seeing the most interest right now is in Asian equity franchise. A lot of people are looking for exposure there and lucky for us we have some very large products that have excellent performance. Those where we saw some of the inflows this quarter and expect that to continue as we are hearing more and more people are trying to figure out how to get exposure into those areas. The second area is the European equity and European equity hedge fund that we have, both have significant demand primarily because of their long-term track record and performance and you find the cycle here of what we are saying. When you have good products at the right price with good performance, people find out and want to invest but the two I think growth areas for us outside of the U.S. have been European equities, primarily in the large cap side and Asian equities really across the stack.
Laurence Fink: Well, right now, I would say considering the things that we are working on we will be a beneficiary of money that’s going to be in motion, because of the changes in regulation and the movement of money out of some of the pension plans. So that’s on the good side. On the negative side of that, there is nobody that wants to pay increased fees, I can assure you that. So this is where the scale and size and efficiency that a manager have is going to put them added advantage. And that’s really what the key advantage is for us to be able to go in and take a large size at fee levels that are within the context of what they are willing to pay. So I think we will be a beneficiary, but it’s going to be a lot of work and the revenue opportunities are not going to be as large as one might think.
Laurence Fink: I will just add one more point to that before going to my closing remarks. The consultant community because you suggested has been a heavy winner in some of the OCIO businesses. I think that’s where the opportunities will be for us and as Rob suggested those are the lower fee businesses. But I do believe there we can be a consolidator and we don’t have any apparent conflicts that are being investigated in the UK pension community. With that, let me just thank you all for joining us this morning and having continued interest in BlackRock. BlackRock’s first quarter results reflect the value that our diverse investment platform, investments we made, our risk management capabilities, our technology what we provide to our clients as they are trying to invest to achieve their long-term goals. We have continuously evolved our platform to deliver the outcomes for our clients through a changing market backdrop and today we are better positioned. We are having deeper dialogues. We are having more consistent meetings with our clients than ever before. In these higher volatility moments this is when BlackRock over 30 years have differentiated ourselves. The anomaly of low volatility in 2017 is now over, we are back to more volatile world, different inputs, different issues and this is where BlackRock is – has historically done quite well and I believe we are well-positioned for that. We are focused on delivering growth and scale advantages to both our clients and our shareholders in 2018. And I think the first quarter was a good start to that and I expect a continuation of that throughout 2018. So have a good quarter. And we will talk to everybody sometimes in July.
Gary Shedlin: So volatility in fixed income market was actually really good for us as you know Glenn. We are one of the largest players in the fixed income space and creating some more interest in higher rates is going to pull a significant amount of money out of the cash into products that have been fairly stable for quite a long period of time. So you know that there is a very big imbalance right now because of volatility where we estimate there is over $50 trillion of cash that’s sitting in bank accounts earning less than 1%, some places negative. So as rates go up especially in the short end that is going to attract a lot of this cash into the fixed income markets of which we can manage that money rather directly into the normal fixed income products or into ETF fixed income products which seem to be getting a lot of the new flows from rises in rates.
Gary Shedlin: Good morning, Bill. Thanks for your questions. I think we tried to answer that question last quarter, we will continue to try and answer it again. I think that we need to continually focus on looking at the entirety of our discretionary expense base. There is definitely an interplay between our G&A line and compensation and as we continue to invest more across the platform some of those items will hit the G&A line like data, like technology, like occupancy, obviously MiFID II costs hit there as well. But we are also as we do that we are able to change the composition of our employee base. So, I think as we said before as we would expect G&A expense to increase in stable markets, we are also looking for compensation as a percent of revenue to decline primarily as a functional historical investment and scale in our business. So, the result when you look at the two of them again assuming that we have got fairly stable markets is continued upward bios in our margin and we intend to continue playing offense in this environment. We went into 2018 planning to basically invest as much in the business as we have in years. And I think for the moment really nothing is changing our view there. That being said, I think we have tried to call out and you will see obviously on some of the disclosures there, I mean, most of that was basically in our cue, we are moving it up a little bit. We have added a few lines. We have been calling out what we have called some more episodic, let’s call it non-core G&A lines that make that line item bump around a lot and we think hopefully with the incremental disclosure you will have better insight as to what the recurring investment through that category is.
Gary Shedlin: Michael, I would just remind people that a couple of things on the illiquid alts business. First of all, when we talk about the so-called committed, but un-invested capital that there is about an $18 billion incremental pipeline for that $50 billion number that you mentioned, which frankly is across the board both in terms of private equity solutions and private credit, which is a big focus for us. Larry mentioned both real estate infrastructure and obviously by virtue of the fact that we are a solutions oriented firm we actually have a fairly significant effort and time together solutions of alternatives, which has got another couple billion of commitments that are outstanding. Secondly and that not creates as you know for us, because we call it committed capital and not net new business, it’s because we don’t earn fees on the committed capital, so if that committed capital basically gets put into the ground that becomes a future bank of net new business for us going forward. And then secondarily just because the performance fee line gets a lot of attention now and then remember, we also don’t account for our performance fees in illiquids the same way as some of those pure-plays do. We are basically waiting until the end of the cycle of those funds once the capital is returned and no longer subject to claw-back and we are not marking to market that across the board. We do try to provide some incremental disclosure for you in some of our annual filings on that, so you have an idea of what the built-in bank there is. But I think as we think about it, we are very bullish on the future growth prospects of that sector.
