Laurence Douglas Fink: I have Rob Kapito here. Rob, you want to come over and answer? Rob is spending a great deal of time working with these channels, especially with the Morgan Stanley channel, related to models and how that impacts our active and our iShares.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Matt, one of the thing that we're trying to do, and we're not there yet, is making sure that we can use some of the Aladdin capabilities on the retail side, too. So that's something we are studying, we are in dialogue with many different distribution platforms. And so the first component of really adding value to our -- to the retail side is these model portfolios, which we're developing, but also can there be some analytical support in addition.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Can I just -- let me just add one more thing, Gary, on that. So sec lending is a result of a need for people to borrow stock, whether it's a hedge fund or our people were -- and generally you see a lot of activity around mergers and some type of corporate event. And we all know the merger market, corporate event market has been rather low compared to other years. And hedge fund behavior has predominantly been more of a derisking type of strategy this year, as evident of what our hedge fund results relative to the S&P. And so the sec lending liability spreads have come down quite a bit. And whether this is a seasonal issue or secular issue, we'll find out. But unquestionably, sec lending volumes are down quite a bit in terms of the fees.
Laurence Douglas Fink: A, we had no conversation with any of the regulators prior to the publication. That would have been considered lobbying under Dodd-Frank, and so we did not have any dialogue. And we read the results, we read the results simultaneous with everyone else. We are now with the publication. We are in dialogue with the different regulators, the different participants in the FSOC. And all I could say is the conversations are good, they're robust. Our letter will most probably be public when we submit it in November 1, but it's just a process and we are very comfortable with the dialogue and the process that the regulators are putting forth.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, a, I think that activity in Washington is going to probably mute. The fixed income rate rise for some time, so I'm just going to -- I disagree with your proposition right off the bat. I think we're in a lower rate environment, a lot of people suggest today. And I do believe -- as I said, I do believe the behavior in Washington is dragging our economy down. And I actually believe the Federal Reserve is probably more reserved in terms of any movement related to tapering and there's going to be a lot more -- they're going to probably pause waiting to see if indeed the economy is impacted by Washington's behavior. It is our view that we are well positioned, as I said. We are very well positioned in fixed income because of performance. We are very well positioned because our position in unconstrained fixed income. And we are well positioned because of our solid performance in credit and high yield. So you put all those things together, if there is going to be flows, if there's rotation, I think we're very well positioned for that. And as we saw in the third quarter, we did see people look to us as -- in terms of adding fixed income exposures. And I would say, very clearly, the dialogues we're having with clients related to fixed income are more active than they have been in years for us. And so if the dialogue we're having with clients worldwide institutionally retail, if that's an indicator of forward growth, then I think we're going to be -- we're going to have consistent growth in the future.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We continue to have -- as I said, when I've got a dialogue in fixed income, it does translate also to dialogue in iSharesBond. It's not just the active fixed income unconstrained side. It is, as I said in my prepared remarks, iSharesBonds, we have our first bank client, we have many conversations going on now and our new ETF product has been near, which is a low-duration type of product, for those who are frightened of the longer-duration products. So I think -- as I said, we have consonant whether they are in ETFs, ETF bonds and/or our active products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, let me just state overall. We have dozens of teams working on contingent plans throughout the organization. Our job is to be a fiduciary and our job is to focus on even the unanticipated risk associated with any default. So beyond our money market funds, I think it would be incorrect to think that that's all we're focusing on related to default, there are many municipal bond market to collateral management of swaps to working with the custodians. You'll have to understand, the rating agencies, even if only one treasury bond, this is a coupon payment, definitionally, the entire sector then is considered a defaulted security. And so we have to be prepared for all the contingencies, whether they're T-bills or any other bond, U.S. bond, instrument. And so, I think, we're doing a very good job without getting in, in any of the details to making sure that we're anticipating those unanticipated problems associated with this type of event. As we all know, when you think back about the Lehman Brothers result, everybody thought that Lehman Brothers was it. But then when the reserve fund had that Lehman Brothers exposure, that's when I believe that we really fell off a cliff 5 years ago. And so our job is having these task teams working towards all the unanticipated possibilities that would occur in terms of collateral management, in terms of clearing, in terms of what is considered good collateral and bad collateral. So in addition to our money market funds, where we're obviously very focused on, we're focused at across all different of our platforms.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. But let me just step backwards, I think you're aware we have capital set aside for operational risk, that was a condition we had with our U.K. and U.S. regulators. So unlike many other asset managers, we are already in that position. We are already regulated because of PNC's 20% ownership with us by the Federal Reserve. We are regulated by the control of the currency because of our bank trust division that we bought when we acquired -- when we bought BGI. So we have -- we're a firm that is very heavily regulated across region and across all the different regulators. So your question is a good question, but I can't answer it. But I can say we have -- we are -- we have regulatory oversight by many of those regulators that other firms, if they were a SIFI, do not at this present time. And it's a good question, what does that mean? Because the OFR did state, we are not a bank, we're a fiduciary, we're an agent. And OFR stated that these are not our assets, we're not levered, so I honestly don't know what it would mean if they designated a bunch of firms as SIFIs. And that's why my comment was very specific related to one of the ways that we've read into the OFR is that maybe they are going to regulate specific products like money market funds. But they may begin some type of supervision over, let's say, all types of products that have some x amount of leverage. So that would incorporate leverage type of hedge funds and other types of products like that. So we're not -- this is too early in the dialogue, too early, I believe, in the regulatory reviews of what they're going to do. But I think the OFR report was a very fair, in my mind, a very just report about what asset managers are and adjustly cited some risks associated with some of the types of businesses that asset managers are in. And so we are working alongside with regulators in responding to their questions as best we can.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Bill, I would add one more thing to that. If you think about the manner in which investors buy the buy-and-hold in the Core Series, these are much stickier assets, so you're going to have much greater dollar amount and still have a much lower amount of liquidity in transactions because of the nature of the investor. So unless we saw a mixed change of investors on the Core Series, which would then lead you to think maybe there would be some cannibalization of the other ones, I don't -- we're not seeing any evidence of a migration from that. I would say that the investors are looking for more liquidity into the Core Series.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Our share performance is really good and it's -- we are having more dialogue, but we have not seen any real pickup in demand in that one area. But we do have, in one of the scientific areas, is our fixed income global opportunity fund, which we closed midyear, and there's a possibility we will reopen it. It's been a very, very successful fixed income hedge fund and we will probably think about opening it next year. And that had about a $400 million of this quarter in terms of growth. But it was a scientific equity where we saw that one outflow internationally. And that was just one client looking to move out of that asset category. So now I would -- I'm disappointed that we're not seeing more opportunities because we really do have a great track record in that area. And it's an asset category that is going to, really, just take more time to have the investors come back into the platform. And I -- and keep in mind, I think investors are now using more and more beta products instead of scientific, and they're using beta as alpha. And I think that's one of the outflow of interchanges in mix and the mix and style that, maybe 5, 6, 7 years ago, people are using quant strategies. And today, they're just -- and more and more of those investors are going to just be beta strategies, but actively managing their beta strategies.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So on the institutional side, I don't think it was -- I think it was -- I think some of it was just -- I don't know if it was a rotation out of all other fixed income managers. I think it was more just a -- the clients, these institutional clients were just generating more and more cash because of their operations. And we're winning these new assignments as they generate more balance sheet because of our performance and our long-term relationship. Some of these clients we won are existing clients with other products, so they did some form of RFPs. And because of our performance and our position, we won. On the retail side, I do believe some of it is rotation into BlackRock and so -- and I believe it's just the beginning, very strongly.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would add one other thing, Marc, our single strategy hedge fund have done quite well in terms of performance. And our objective, just like building our brand in retail, we are aggressively trying to build our brand in alternative space, too. And that's going to be an important component of our future growth that we identified, not just as a passive manager in an active equity and fixed income, but we're identified as a strong solution for alternative needs. And importantly, we have a very big forward calendar in terms of commitments in our illiquid products. So we are -- we're seeing more and more dialogue with our investors in the alternative space. Rob talked about the retail side, but the institutional side is quite robust, too.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I just got kicked by my General Counsel. We've determined that it's just -- we don't talk about that forward, or about our forward calendar anymore or forward commitment, but we're fine. But on the -- I'll leave it at that, I'm being kicked again.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I just want to thank everybody for the commitment they have. This was a truly differentiated quarter for us. I'm very happy with the results, especially with all the debates that are going on in Washington. And as I said in my formal comments, I think we're very well positioned due to the platform that is unparalleled in terms of active, passive platforms with our overlay of risk management, and that continue to drive these unique dialogues that we have with our clients. And I look forward to talking to everybody after the fourth quarter. And hopefully, everyone has a very good end of the year.
Robert S. Kapito: So clients are now looking for a more holistic solution to their clients' portfolios, and they're looking for more asset allocation. And we are finding that clients have both active and passive in their portfolios. And what they're requiring now is for us to build model portfolios that they could use our products in them or use other products in them. So iShares is certainly a significant part of that asset allocation. So we think by providing these models to the advisors that, that will stimulate our -- their use of our products in their portfolios and that should help the growth of iShares, as well as our other passive and active portfolios.
Robert S. Kapito: Yes. So basically, we have been focused on a few areas of iShares penetration. The first is, is still in the education mode. So there are a lot of institutional clients that are first learning how to use iShares in their portfolios for liquidity reasons and for access to markets, before they actually find an active manager to manage those assets. They also are looking for asset allocation from the iShares, and that's primarily on the institutional side. And we have very good penetration in there, but it's a process that's really just at their early stages. So if you think that iShares is actually grown already, we think that it's just the early stages of the growth of iShares institutionally. On the retail side, again, it's a larger education process but a lot of the FAs, who managed these particular portfolios, are using iShares more and more in their asset allocation models that I talked about before. And we are very focused on what we call a Core Series, which goes directly at what we think retail clients are looking for. And already this year, we have raised $9 billion in the Core Series. And these are more of the buy-and-hold type of retail investors, which is a segment that we have begun to spend a lot of time focusing on. The other thing is that, since I mentioned to you that we believe that clients have both active and passive strategies in their portfolios, we have combined our sales forces and we will now have the largest sales force of any asset manager going out and educating both the institutional and the retail advisors on how to use iShares. And then last, we're building up our distribution because being in the iShares business or the ETF business, it's really capturing the flag and providing the largest funds that have the transparency and the liquidity. And of course, you recognize some of those -- the partnerships that we have established, one most recently being with Fidelity, and we're seeing really good results early on from that relationship, and we have several other relationships as well. So we are seeing continued growth in iShares, continued ideas for the use of iShares. And specifically, because we're going into markets where a lot of liquidity concerns are emerging, certainly, iShares will help in providing liquidity in the markets where there may not be as much liquidity as in the past.
Robert S. Kapito: So we're very bullish on providing alternative investments to the retail investor. And it's all been about providing the appropriate wrapper in order for the retail investors to get involved in the -- in that area. So we have the alternative investments. And as you know, for a period of time, people have been separating alpha and beta, and getting their beta from passive and iShares, and their alpha from more alternative investments. And we've had those products and have been able to do that allocation for institutional clients. And what held us up on retail is providing the wrapper for them. Now within the 40 Act companies in the U.S. and also in outside the U.S., we have the wrappers and have been very successful in finding investors to go into those. Unfortunately, we have track records in those products, as well, that are long term. So it's pretty -- I think it's going to be pretty exciting to watch, especially in the long/short credit, where we have significant expertise and the track records. And in this particular environment, that gives people a lot more opportunity for yield, which is what they're looking for. So this will help us provide the retail investor with the same alpha/beta separation as we're doing the institutional, and I would look for significant increased sales in those particular areas because it make sense for the client.
Gary S. Shedlin: Well, Matt, I would make the following observations. I mean, I think, as we enter the third quarter, we saw really 3 different dynamics that basically created a little bit of headwinds for us since we came into the quarter. One, obviously, as I mentioned was that our spot assets under management at the end of the second quarter basically ended up being below the average for the second quarter. And that obviously was one element. Two, is we saw some clear outflows in iShares, particularly around EEM in the latter part of the second quarter, as we mentioned. And the third element was overall beta mix, which I think is very important, where we basically saw significantly worse beta performance in markets like the emerging markets, natural resources, the world index which, obviously, is relevant because we have some of our higher-fee products in those markets. As it relates to the third quarter, as we basically get through the third quarter, we basically saw all of those trends reverse. So we basically end up actually having a spot AUM at the end of the third quarter, as you can see in the tables, about 3% higher than our average for the quarter. We, obviously, benefited from strong inflows in iShares in September at the latter part of the quarter, as you know some of that was driven by EEM. And then finally, we actually saw beta improvement in those markets that are at higher fee products, completely opposite of what we saw in the second quarter. So that all sets us up well to basically enter the fourth quarter with a better run rate. On the other hand, on securities lending, as you mentioned, which as you know is part of our base fee line, we did see meaningful compression and spreads. And so while we saw our average on loan balances go up roughly by about 7% year-over-year, we did see significant spread compression primarily around the lability spreads where we saw those spread declined a little over 30%. And I would say that, that's obviously created the drag.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Matt, just to finalize on that. I would just basically see that, as Larry said, that's driven primarily by the special collateral mark. And I would say that unless we see a meaningful change in the conviction of hedge funds around their trading activity, change in leverage or change in, basically, the M&A environment, I don't think we would expect to see a major change in that in the coming quarter.
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes. I think, frankly, on -- well, I mean, before we talked a lot about compensation on the variable side and direct fund expense, which we've talked about, I think if you look at the, obviously, performance fees will drive relative changes in compensation levels. But beyond that, on the G&A spend, I would say that if you compare kind of the second and the third quarter sequentially and then you saw a little bit of a dip in the third quarter based on marketing spend going down, which is really all of the difference. And I think as we've been fairly consistent in our statements, that marketing spend is going to vary quarter-to-quarter. We would naturally see probably a lift up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. But beyond that, in SG&A, I think with the exception of that, I think the run rate is pretty well established.
Gary S. Shedlin: I don't think so. I think this is just another leg to stand on here, where there are specific clients and we're looking at a segment that's called the buy-and-hold segment. And that, typically, has lower fees than those that look for more trading. And we're seeing both, i mean, it's pretty much equity spread. So it's really different segments of the markets and this is actually a new segment for us, so I don't really think an impact the other fee segments in the iShares business.
