Gary Shedlin: So Glenn, it’s Gary. Good morning. I think we are obviously working very hard on an active pipeline for Aladdin risk for wealth management. I think part of – but first of all it’s generating revenue today. Obviously, there are long implementations as there are for any Aladdin implementation which could be as long as 12 months to 18 months where we bear more significant cost upfront as we have talked about before. But I think really the clients that we had are – we are all still learning together about all of the amazing things that we can do with these clients both from the top-down, in terms of some of the risk and compliance opportunities and then more importantly some of the other bottoms-up more specific financial advisor opportunities regarding portfolio construction and asset allocation that move from advisor on. So I think it’s hard for us to basically specify any given level of revenue other than to say that we think it’s going to accelerate significantly over the next couple of years both as we continue to adopt new opportunities with the existing clients and basically work through the pipeline of new opportunities going forward.
Gary Shedlin: Well, I think that we as all – hey Ken, it’s Gary, as always you I think we obviously support a better ecosystem for investors. We think that to the extent that there is a better ecosystem that supports more transparency for investors and they feel more comfortable, they will obviously put more money to work. So I think we are obviously broadly supportive of a lot of what’s in the study. We are just debriefing, in fact we are going to be going through it in more detail. But I think that everything there feels constructive. We are supportive of basically trying to inform how we do business in a more transparent manner with investors and we will be making and obviously continuing to work with the regulators to make additional comments to affect we try and optimize that going forward. But I think we feel that we are incredibly well positioned from the study to drive our business. I think the U.S. in many respects in terms of the most of the changes that’s occurred here in terms of the migration to fee based planning which we think is obviously where Europe is going to go positions us incredibly well to learn and to basically effectuate that opportunity. And I think our desire to basically grow that is exactly why we looked for an opportunity like scalable capital to do it in a matter that will help us evolve with the marketplace.
Gary Shedlin: One last thing I would say that’s really important, historically, many institutions used derivative swaps or futures for hedging purposes and that was very obscure and nontransparent. What we are now seeing whether it’s a bank, a trading desk or a bank balance sheet, an insurance company, a mortgage originator, we are now starting to see more and more utilization of ETFs, which is transparent. So, we look at this as a net positive. And when people talk about this or not taken into the context, how large derivative swap in futures have been and now – which was totally nontransparent and now all this activity is moving much more on to a transparent platform, which obviously is one of the reason why you are seeing the growth. And the other thing I would just say and Rob talked about it we are seeing more and more investors instead of buying individual stocks or individual bonds are using ETFs to get their exposures.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Brennan. Good question. So, again, I just want to take a step back again just back to the Morgan Stanley Conference, so we talked there about the fact that the blended fee rate over the last several years has obviously been impacted by a variety of factors that we don’t control. We have talked about them as exogenous factors. We have obviously pointed to both the Virgin equity beta, dollar appreciation, but importantly also shifting client preferences towards lower risk asset classes and index strategies, especially last year where obviously we saw probably – we saw a large dispersion between our asset growth rate and our base fee growth rate and that actually has also has an impact by virtue of mix in terms of our fee rate. And I think all of those factors have really masked the benefit we have achieved from executing you know a pretty good differentiated growth strategy. The fee rate declined about 1.4 basis points from the second quarter of last year and that was a continuation of some of the things we have talked about, the impact of international market underperformance, dollar appreciation throughout last year, impact importantly of recent price cuts or what we would rather call an investment in our iShares franchise that were not reflected in last year’s prior second quarter and importantly a slower rate of organic base fee growth relative to asset growth in the second half of last year. Sequentially, the fee rate has stabilized as those headwinds as you mentioned associated with divergent beta and FX have abated and should those trends continue, the impact of our accelerating organic base fee growth rate which has been about 6% year-to-date so far clearly should be more apparent over time. In my opinion know, if we can sustain organic based fee growth in excess of 5%, frankly, we have done that in 2012, ‘13, ‘14, ‘15 and year-to-date this year, last year was really the first year in the last five that we didn’t do that. I am not really sure why the fee rate itself is garnering that much attention other than I understand that it’s the basis of a lot of the modeling that everybody is doing, but I think right now we are feeling incredibly comfortable with the level of organic base fee growth rate that we are seeing and are paying a little less attention to the overall fee rate as long as we can generate that revenue momentum.
Gary Shedlin: So good morning Alex, so just to give a little bit of color on the people and the investment, the 3,500 rough cut people in technology and data related roles includes expected technology roles such as programmers and quant modelers, but also less obvious ones that leverage technology and data in a significant way like our iShares analytics and electronic trading teams. So as Larry basically mentioned we are thinking technology much more holistically not as a specific definition, but embracing technology to drive our overall – our overall business. We are spending about $1 billion this year to support that technology and data initiative which includes a number of things, but also includes compensation and related expenses associated with obviously those people as well as hardware, software and market data costs for the firm more broadly. I think in terms of margins, more broadly know as you know we are not really big on talking about individual margins of vertical businesses and so as we really think about incremental margins on specific products or businesses that’s not an overwhelming or relevant number that we think about day-to-day. But for example to think about driving growth in iShares, as an example we are investing beyond simple product innovation, we are investing in the entire ETF ecosystem, we are investing in distribution or investing in portfolio construction, technology, we are investing in capital markets, ETF and portfolio construction. Education, we are talking about building new markets for new users. And I think there is no question the accelerating growth that we are seeing in iShares is a direct result of those investments more broadly. We are really trying to take a much more portfolio oriented approach to investing in technology and notwithstanding some of things that we are doing that go also through our P&L. You are also seeing us making a number of strategic acquisitions or other investments, sometimes they are controlled like Cachematrix and sometimes they really do get to see that the table and try to learn and help our partners evolve like scalable capital and high capital. I think the important thing is that whichever direction we are going to go, we are going to continue use our scale which we think is a huge driver of our ability to efficiently spend on technology in ways that others can’t really to drive that growth and increased market share for both shareholders and our clients.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks Bill. Good morning to you. So look, as we have said in the past week we really don’t manage the business to a specific margin target. And in my view, my personal view quarterly comparisons here are less relevant and you really should look at our performance over a more appropriate period of time especially in the context of the organic growth that we are generating today. Our commitment has not changed. Our commitment has always been to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible especially by leveraging our scale for both clients and shareholders. And I think if you look back over the work that we have done since BGI, in particular the operating margin is up well over 500 basis points and we have invested significantly back into the business. We are currently generating record organic growth, especially in terms of base fees. As I mentioned over the last 12 months $335 million plus of net new business, that’s 7% organic AUM growth and importantly 5% organic base fee growth. It was a significant time where people were asking us when we were going to get to those levels. And well, I think it’s still early to call it’s sustainable for a significant period of time. This level of growth is clearly a direct result of the investments that we have made over time. No one likes higher margins than I do or well, maybe the guy sitting next to me actually does, but I also know that our level of organic growth determines our multiple and continuing to invest to support these record levels of organic growth is a critical priority for us and one that will be maintained going forward. While there is obviously an upward bias to our margin as we continue to grow in a constructive environment, I think as Larry indicated in his in his remarks, we intend to continue playing offense by aggressively investing to create more opportunities for future growth.
Laurence Fink: Glenn, I would very similar to institutional implementations, Aladdin for wealth management is actually even more complex, because we are in that dealing with let’s say dozens of portfolio managers, ultimately Aladdin for wealth management is going to be delta to house level at the CIO level and then ultimately it will be implemented maybe depending on each firm at the individual financial advisor level. And this will allow us to have on opportunity to be at our financial advisor’s desktops. So the actual implementation probably it is a little longer, because of the significance of the scale of it, but let’s be clear this may become one of the great opportunities for BlackRock. We are going to continue to be driving more and more of the opportunities for Aladdin for wealth management. I see this being our transformation for our position in retail globally. And what I believe this does, it allows BlackRock to be even more important than the overall ecosystem of – in wealth management. It gives us, the Aladdin system will provide portfolio construction tools, it provides risk management, it is not a tools to sell only BlackRock products, it is a tool that enhance the wealth managers value proposition. They will be able to use other products on another firms, but we believe by having that placement in the desktop that placement and we have seen this in other areas, it gives us that that opportunity to have deeper, better dialogues. And so we look at this as one more fundamental long-term strategies for positioning. And as Gary suggested, there are revenues now, but the revenues are very [indiscernible] to how the institutional side are there are very modest and the margins are subdued during this process of implementation. And once utilized depending on how well they are utilized by the amount of financial advisors then we would expect increased utilization and through increased utilization will revenues from the platform.
Laurence Fink: Along the question with scalable capital or any digital advise it’s a portal that is offering low fee products such as ETFs is going to be of greater value, we did not. We bought scalable capital on a macro base we believe in that as Gary said the U.S. experience will be similar in Europe. And so once again we are trying to take a couple steps ahead of our clients. And we are I think paying a good attention to the ecosystem changes that the regulators are evolving themselves in terms of making this a better environment for more investors. One thing I would say the key issue for Europe is over 72% of all savings is in cash in Europe. One of the great reasons why PE ratios are lower in Europe than the United States is most savers are only in cash and bank deposits. If through regulatory changes, through digital advise, through low cost alternatives, if we could provide Europeans with a better alternative that they look towards for investing overall a long horizon by being positioned there with digital technology with our iShares brand in Europe, I think we are as well positioned as any firm in the whole continent.
Laurence Fink: So, look we continue to believe in active management. And as clients focus more on outcomes, both the active and the index are going to play a role in portfolios to drive returns. So, we announced changes to our active equity platform in March. These changes were not effective until mid to late June. So, it’s a little early to tell and see any material progress from the re-org of both flows or financial advice, but as anticipated we saw some accelerated outflows from the funds impacted by the changes, which contributed to some of the active equity outflows in the second quarter. But other of our fundamental active equity funds that were in part of the changes to the platform actually saw a slight improvement in outflows and additionally, we had a few large client redemptions from our scientific active equity. But a portion of these outflows were recaptured on our platform as certain clients moved into index strategies. So, our focus is going to be on generating strong performance, which we believe differentiates our ability to work with our clients to achieve their desired long-term outcomes to drive improvements in both the scientific and fundamental active equity funds since last year and there I have already seen some excellent performance in the quantitative side, 92% of our active – quantitative active equity and 78% of our fundamental active equity assets are above their benchmark and peer mediums for the 3-year period. And then the creation of our advantage series which is offering clients the ability to outperform and have the lowest fees, all of those are showing results and all of this I believe is part of our announcement of Monarch and the upside that we have to come. So we are very encouraged the portfolio managers are energized to be able share information across multiple platforms. We have heard very positive views from our clients because everyone is focused on figuring out how to utilize the big data that’s out there to their advantage to create performance. So the rollout of it has been something that we have gotten very, very good client feedback from and I am very optimistic about it going forward.
Laurence Fink: Alex, I would argue in every industry in the world today technology will be changing how we operate, how our clients operate and if we are not aggressively trying to be providing technology to interface with our clients better, technology to create more efficiencies as we operate and technology as we think about how to get better insights we will be – we will not provide the information and the ideas to our clients. And I believe we need to be driving this faster. And I do believe as I said for quarter and quarter and quarter I believe through this relentless investments we are able to secure deeper, broader relationships with more clients worldwide. I think Aladdin for wealth management is going to allow us to have a much better position going forward with all our distribution partners and helping them to think about the risk for their own clients so they do a better job with their clients. And the key for all of us worldwide if our clients have better outcomes as I talked about Europe and the amount of cash if we can provide better outcomes and better risk information so people look to investing more for the long-term, we will all be better off. And I believe this is an important responsibility and role for BlackRock to use technology to enhance financial literacy [Technical Difficulty] financial literacy to our financial advisors and ultimately financial – and allowing that technology allow our financial advisors provide better literacy to their clients. And this is something that is we are very aggressive on and I do believe the relentless pace that we have related towards technology puts us in a differentiated position than any other asset manager and we will continue to try to drive technology to make us different.
Laurence Fink: I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning, for your interest in BlackRock. Our second quarter results once again highlights our long-term investments we made to enhance and differentiate BlackRock, it is differentiated because our global investment platform is differentiated because of our global technology platform. We will continue to invest in both our technology and investment capabilities and use our scale to deliver better outcomes for our clients and shareholders. And we are going to use that scale to provide better financial literacy and better long-term results on behalf of our clients which will enable them to invest in more financial assets, we and the whole industry will be better off. We believe we have a good start in doing that and we believe we have deeper, stronger relationship with more clients worldwide than we ever had before, which I believe will lead to future growth for the firm and for our shareholders. Everyone have a very good quarter. And we will talk to you soon.
