Rob Kapito: So my question, now that we have been involved in the alternatives business in one way or another for a pretty long time, especially in the retail sector since 1988, and our goal has been to access the retail area for alternatives by keeping our promises over a long period of time on performance. So to start with, the growth in retail alternatives is certainly compelling as part of our strategy to serve advisors ' whole portfolios. And what we chose to do is bring a diversified product line-up to the retail alternative investor. So our job is to bring the appropriate wrappers for those products to provide the solutions to help reshape their portfolio at a period of time when rates and returns have been very low. And what we've seen them do is move from 1% to 2% of their portfolio to allocations up to 20 %. So year-to-date, just in that sector, we've raised over 24 billion of net inflows. And that's at approximately 85 basis point average fee rate across what we'll call our retail liquid alternatives and credit vehicles, and our public-private closed-end fund offerings. So our recent launch of alternatives portfolio analytics for financial advisors on the web-based BlackRock Advisors center and the continued product expansion is going to help us grow with those clients. And in the recent years, we expanded our retail alternatives to include private credit and private equity per year-to-year access to growth equity through closed-end funds. And we're working to expand our retail alternatives offerings now across real assets, sustainable, and co-investment opportunities. So just in the closed-end funds alone, we provide a wrapper that will enable us to provide up to $3 billion in alternatives in them. And just in a summary form, in total, we manage about 180 billion across liquid and alter -- illiquid [Indiscernible]. 29 billion right now in dry powder to invest and deploy, approximately 210 million of future annual base fees. And including liquid and liquid credit, our platform is now over 310 billion, we're the top 5 manager in that. And we've built up alternatives platforms and raised another 100 billion of gross capital over the last five years and we expect to raise a 100 billion more in the next 3 years. Just for September year-to-date, we have raised 25 billion of gross capital and deployed 10 billion. And because there is some expectation that rates can rise, still, these are longer-term investments that have enough spread in it that I believe that the demand is going to continue for quite a long period of time. And I think Larry's rate scenario, which he said in the beginning, is rates low for longer, will only enhance the ability for people to want more alternatives.
Rob Kapito: we really can't fulfill the entire gamut of retirement. So it's product, performance, and technology, and focus on what we think is the most important business that there is in the world, is keeping our promises to clients so they can retire in dignity.
Rob Kapito: So Gary and I will barbell this. We're saying that insurance portfolios have always had an allocation to what we're all calling alternatives. But as the alternative packages have become much more complicated, certainly the technology and the management of those has not really caught up. So we're being asked by insurance companies who have determined that in many cases, it would be better, cheaper, faster with the technology to outsource many of those investments. And of course, that's a very, very big part of our platform. And we are being called in more and more to be a partner with insurance companies on their portfolio overall and it's a huge growth area for us with Aladdin because the technology has not kept place. We're seeing a lot of interest from the insurance companies. And it spans the growth from private credit, especially real estate, and infrastructure. And those are 3 areas that we've spent a lot of time developing. And certainly in Aladdin, our ability there is second to none, so it's become a bigger opportunity for us in the last year or so.
Gary Shedlin: And I'll take the expense first. Hey, Alex, it's Gary, how are you? So we're obviously we have seen some expense growth, which I think is expected in the context of the outsized organic-based growth we're delivering on the top-line. For the third quarter, our margin obviously was down about a 120 basis points versus a year ago. And I'd say there were a couple of things there that clouded what would've been some operating leverage in the business, really three things in particular. One was lower performance fees year-over-year. If you recall, we had this discussion last year that performance fees in general hit the P&L at a much higher margin than the rest of the business because there's only really compensation associated with it and no other operating cost in the business. And so when we see performance fees decline, as they did year-over-year, that has an impact on the margin. Secondly, we had higher contingent consideration fair value adjustments or non-core expense this quarter, which was related to the Citibanamex final payment. And we have higher intangible amortization. So if you look at those three things, those three things really more than offset our margin on a year-over-year basis where you would have seen some operating leverage improvement. In terms of just looking at those individual costs, when you look at comp, comp is up about 8% year-over-year. Again, that was highly driven by base salaries, but not just the mid-year that you saw. And remember, comparing it to a year ago, we have normal base salary increases at the beginning of the year. We have the mid-year headcounts a little higher. We obviously have Aperio this year versus when we didn't have it last year, and FX has basically increased the dollar cost of some of that compensation also. So that's really the main driver was the base salary, but the midyear salary increase really didn't have that much to do on a year-over-year basis. On the G&A side that was up about 30% but again, a bunch of components there. Technology expense increased year-over-year and you will still continue to see that going forward. The primary driver there obviously is technology infrastructure, primarily the ongoing migration [Indiscernible] to the cloud, which we're probably about halfway through, but we'll be accelerating into next year. You're also seeing higher portfolio services costs, which again, is part of our success story in OCIO. So where you see us winning large outsourced wealth solution mandates, either in Europe or institutional mandates like the BA pension fund or the significant win we just announced this quarter in APAC and New Zealand, you're going to see higher portfolio services costs because not all of those mandates are managed in-house. We use third-party advisors and when we use third-party advisors, you're seeing those expenses reflected in that line item of the P&L. It's grossed up on revenues, but we also have to bear the expense. And obviously, there's always still some noise that we see a year-over-year in our non-core. Here, we talked about the Citibanamex and Hunter fund launch costs, which, again, are in both cases associated with higher revenue. Finally, on the direct fund expense side, I think that is purely variable. That is obviously tied in most part to our growth in our index AUM, which is fundamentally driven by our success in iShares. That number was up roughly 38% year-over-year, but there's always going to be some noise in that number as we try to effectively manage that expense on behalf of the fund shareholders. So in this case, this year, while there are always some timing issues, it did reflect some one-time expenses associated with moving indexes from one provider to the next to try and basically get those at lower costs. And when you exclude a little bit of noise, that number was probably up about 31% year-over-year versus average iShares AUM increased just close to 34%. So I would say, yes, there are some expense increase. I would say it's less tied to inflation for us than other players. It's really more tied to continuing to invest for growth. And obviously, if we're able to continue to deliver organic base fee growth well in excess of our 5% target, which we've done for the last 6 quarters in a row to 9% clip, 13% over the last 12 months, we're going to see some elevated expenses to be able to drive that success.
Gary Shedlin: So Bill, the story is, we're able to look at a client's portfolio holistic over the long term and the focus is to have our clients be able to retire in dignity. It's not a one-off situation. It's a constant look at a portfolio over a period of interest rates and solve the problem with the appropriate wrappers and products. We have the scale of products, we have the performance, we have the wrappers. So honestly, it is the focus. A significant portion of all of BlackRock's assets are dedicated to retirement. This is what we do and when we dovetail that into the analytics that we could provide,
Gary Shedlin: And Bill, on your second question, which I think was about fee rate going into the fourth quarter. We generally don't provide a lot of guidance on that; we'll leave that to you guys. But I will say a couple of things on that. Obviously, you will see that the spot rate entering the fourth quarter was moderately lower, but not a big deal in average assets for the third quarter. So I think we're probably about the same. But I would direct you towards page 5 of our supplement. I think obviously a lot of things go into the fee rate. And in fact, I would say that from an organic growth perspective, every month of the third quarter was generally was very consistent. So it wasn't like we saw a lot of volatility in terms of our organic growth. But clearly, you do see some differences in the spot rates in terms of markets relative to the average rates. And you'll clearly see there's that as we've talked about in terms of diversion equity data, we did see an acceleration in terms of the decline of certain emerging markets as we got to the end of the third quarter. And I think you'll see that on the supplement, where some of our higher fee markets in Asia, the emerging markets and commodities in particular are all down roughly somewhere around mid to high single digits with actually the BlackRock equity index on the spot basis down about 3%. So no question that we did see diversion beta accelerate into the end of the quarter. But again, given some of the other stuff, I think that might have a moderate, very moderate impact on the fee rate, but I don't think anything significant.
Gary Shedlin: I couldn't agree more. So our big business today obviously is in excess of $450 plus billion. You mentioned AEL, which is -- which will fund in the fourth quarter, very significant mandate. And I think Rob is right, portfolio resilience, diversification, portfolio construction, which takes advantage of our great performance in core fixed income are increasing momentum and capabilities across the breadth of private markets and leveraging technology. I think there's no question. I would say it's resonating well beyond just insurance companies because we're seeing yet -- obviously, we've seen the British Air Pension, we've seen a number of outsourced wealth solutions in Europe where I think all of these things has strong applicability and we're seeing them obviously increased momentum in our broad-based multi-asset capabilities figures did come through in our quarterly results. Thanks for the question, Rob.
Laurence Fink: And on the products in a more inflationary environment, I would just clearly tell you that our platform is large, it's diverse. We're having conversations with clients globally where they should be allocating. I do believe you're seeing higher allocation towards equities over the last year across our client's portfolios. As equities rally, they did less in terms of rebalancing. The bigger question is, how do you allocate across equities? What is a roll-up of emerging markets? But I don't think inflation is playing a dominant role in the conversations. Even in fixed thinking, we're obviously -- it's very obvious long-duration assets are going to be the impact ed the most. And so those clients in fixed income who are worried about their duration risk that could go down into a low-duration product, they could go into various different products with less convexity and less issues. They could go in some type of inflationary protected type of notes too. That's not going to be that large. But the resiliency of our platform really allows us to have that conversation, whether it's in a deflationary world or in an inflationary world. And I do believe the -- if you look at the geographic dispersion of our growth, The conversations worldwide represent these types of conversation, which, when we think about inflation, what role should we play? What is the role of alternatives in an inflationary environment? What is the role of equities across fixed income? So I actually believe it's the volatility of a global economy is allowing us to have these robust, deep conversations. And I don't think there's one global trend to going in and out of one product because inflationary fears and some clients don't believe in that, some people actually believe it's transitory. That's the -- I would look at this -- when there is uncertainty and when we're in a transition period, more clients come to BlackRock than ever before because they are asking those questions. And I think because of the robustness of our platform, whether it's an index-oriented strategies or active strategies across the spectrum. We have the ability to work with them across all economic environments.
Laurence Fink: The flows in this COVID world that accelerated into sustainable products. Let me give you the context, I think, with global capital markets. Public institutions are moving very rapidly to adapt more disclosures related to sustainability. More clients, including our hydrocarbon clients, are looking to adapt how to continue to provide hydrocarbons to fit the current needs of our society, but also to slowly adapt in a more sustainable platform too. So across the board, we are having very deep conversations. I must say the conversations we're having with our hydrocarbon companies and the hydrocarbon, from chemicals to oil, they are more robust than ever. They're deeper, they're broader than any other time. And -- but our flows continued to grow and dominate where we continue to be a dominant leader. Year-to-date we had about $80 billion of sustainable inflows, we had $32 billion of those inflows in the third quarter. When I talked about the shift in finance, we're seeing that. Now, specifically on your question related to impact, this is one of the reasons why we wanted to be a partner in Breakthrough Energy. We want to learn more of the science and the new technology. This is why we partnered in our decarbonization fund with Temasek. The demand is growing precipitously in terms of clients interested in finding new -- being part of this transition. And so the capital is there. What is not as prevalent are projects or the opportunities. We are having conversations with the universities. We're having conversations with governments across the board on how can we provide capital? And one of the more dynamic conversation we're having with the traditional hydrocarbon companies across the board is, how can we partner with them in terms of moving -- helping them move forward on their sustainable strategies, on their de - carbonization strategies? And their strategies were around sequestering of their own carbons. So many of those big multinational hydrocarbon companies are building new dynamic technology so they can be the leaders in the sequestering of hydrocarbons, of carbons. At the same time, they may be using that to produce more energy at this time. But these are the types of solutions we're having across the board. You've heard the questions, but my view is we're not moving fast enough, yes. I think that movement toward sustainability is very fast and rapid related to public companies. I think regulators worldwide are asking public companies and banks to do more disclosure. My greatest fear and I spoke about this in my Venice speech 3 months ago, is we're creating a hybrid world, a bifurcated world. The pressure on public companies and banks and asset managers are enormous. We're not putting any pressure on private companies. And there was a great story today in one of the newspapers about as hydrocarbon companies divested some of their hydrocarbons, the buyers are private equity firms. That doesn't change the net 0 world, and that's why I'm saying we're never going to get to a net 0 world if we're not moving holistically together, public and private. And then I spoke about obviously -- in a editorial today it related about the need to invest in the emerging world. There is huge pools of capital standing by, but they are -- we are not able to evaluate the first lost piece in so many of the brownfield investing in the emerging world. And it is estimated the emerging world needs a trillion dollars a year to become more sustainable. As a backdrop, the emerging world minus China represents 34% of the hydrocarbon output. And so if we are going to continue at the pace of $150 billion of investments when there's a need of a trillion dollars, we're fooling ourselves, or we're going to get to a net-zero world. We're going to be fooling ourselves to getting to a net 0 world if we're only asking public companies. We are fooling ourselves if we believe by restricting supply with our traditional hydrocarbons companies, that only raises energy costs, which we're witnessing now. and that is creating not a just transition, which I spoke about in my last 2 CEO letters. We have to be vocal. We have to be forceful about it. BlackRock is a leader in this, and we're seeing the flows, and I continue to see this big shift in investor portfolios as they move away from traditional indexes to more sustainable types of indexes, as they're moving away from different types of strategies and they're moving into these other strategies. We need to accelerate this. We need to accelerate in a way that we're working with our great hydrocarbon companies, not against them.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your interest at BlackRock. Our third-quarter results, again, is a direct result of our steadfast commitment in serving our clients, listening to our clients, responding to our clients, and hopefully staying in front of our client's needs so we could be with them as they evolve and change. I see a large opportunity ahead of BlackRock than ever. And BlackRock 's focus remains on investing in our people, on our communities, where we operate across the world, and in our platform. Most importantly, as we continue to stay ahead of our client future needs, we will continue to be driving excellence on behalf of our -- all of our shareholders. With that, thank you. Hopefully, everyone have a safe and healthy fourth quarter.
