Laurence Douglas Fink: We were very successful this year in our target dates with large plans. So that was similar growth with some very large assignments with some large players. We do not believe being a record keeper is a disadvantage for us. Actually, it allows us to be agnostic about which record keeper they use. We work with the plan. We are focusing on the clients' needs. And if they have an XYZ record keeper, we will be working with them. We are very committed in working with them. So we are the largest in Defined Contribution platform, as I said, in the U.S., with $526 billion. So we are a large player, and we're a large player, and I think you just said it, Luke, because we are willing to work on customized solutions. This is where our investment technology really gives us an advantage. And it allows us to use the technology that we have to help design Defined Contribution plans that meet the needs of the plan. Some plans may want to have their investors in a much more conservative plan. Some others would want something a little more. But we have the ability to customize the solution. And in our presentations, it plays quite well with our clients, and this is why we continue to drive, as you suggested, above-market growth rates.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I thought the ROSCO [ph] Financial Stability Board's paper on a framework was a good framework. We actually agree with their framework. We actually we with the year framework. Their framework really spoke about products and how they need to look at products. This is something that we've been discussing here in the United States. As I've said repeatedly, it was not the largest institutions the asset management had that created any of the real problems. With long-term capital in the late '90s, that would not have been a large-scale platform. You had Bear Stearns asset management with a leveraged mortgage fund that created the beginning of the crisis here in the United States. And the money market crisis was created by the #9 largest money market fund that was reaching for yield, which plays into this whole concept. As you look at where risk may lie, risk is going to be lying in products. So we need to make sure that products are going to be analyzed in making sure people understand the systemic risk around products and the leverage associated with those products. Clearly, I think the ASCO [ph] plan discussed vanilla mutual funds probably don't create those types of systemic risks. Vanilla-defined benefit plans that are in core strategies are not that risky. Keep in mind, the one thing that is very -- I think regulators understand -- are beginning to understand. At BlackRock, we do have $4.3 trillion of assets. But we have thousands of clients. We have contracts that we have to live up to by our clients. And we have hundreds and hundreds of different products with different strategies. So it is not a unified platform. And I think it's more understood here in the United States and in Europe that this is not our money. This is client money. We have to live by our fiduciary standard with all these monies. And so we are working very closely with our regulators worldwide. We have constructive dialogue. And yet, nevertheless, the new regulations, whether it's Reg FD, whether it's working on disclosure items, we are spending more money on compliance. We have to have -- I think society is demanding higher fiduciary standards for all of us. And we are committed in doing this, and we are building a robust compliance process. We're spending money on technology. I'm not here to tell you we're finished investing, and I don't know how much more investing we have to do but it's -- I could say with certainty, we spent a great sum of money meeting the needs of today's, I would say, fiduciary standards.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm not sure what you mean by fundamental base. I'm going to let Rob talk about it. I still don't think it's growing that fast, so I won't agree on that. But I think there's a lot of potential there, but I don't think it's growing yet. Related to the rotation and active versus passive equities, I think questionably in the third and fourth quarter, we did see rotation out of index equities, but I'm not certain that rotation all went back into active equities. It was a -- and much of it was rebalancing. Because of the huge gains in U.S. equities, a lot of pension plans did rebalancing into fixed income. This is one thing I think so many people in the marketplace misunderstood because they focus on retail flows and bonds. But there was large flows back into fixed income as pension funds needed to rebalance. And some of that rebalancing also went into alts. We are going to be having a survey that we will be releasing related to investor preferences. I think it will be released today. And that survey showed that we're seeing large preference by institutions to be migrating more and more money into alternatives. So some of that rotation out of index went into alts. We did not see that much rotation into active. And yet, I do believe that you're going to see some rotation out of index type of -- or beta strategy equity strategies into active, especially possibly in the emerging market area where it's been so heavily depressed relative to the developed market. I'm going to let Rob talk about ETF flows.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would just add one more thing, Mark, that our Global Al product, which we had -- so we're talking about performance-related or Fundamental Equity, but Global Al had a performance issue 3 years ago. And this past year, it has great performance and is back to very strong long-term record. And as a result, we began to see some very strong flows, especially globally. I mean the big change, what we are seeing in these unconstrained products like Global Al. It historically was, I would say, 100% U.S. based. In 2013, probably 30% of the flows was overseas. And even so far in 2014, if anything, it's accelerating with more global flows. So this is not just a U.S. phenomenon. This is just not a U.S. pension fund phenomenon. More and more global clients are looking for less benchmark, less style boxed, and this is obviously a major change in both the fixed income area and the equity area.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, there's no question it's going to be like a Global Long/Short Credit Fund. It will be credit style, and it's high yield. We have a 5-year top quartile product. It's doing quite well. We've seen large flows and high yield. We continue to believe we're going to continue to see high-yield flows this year. As I said, Global Long/Short. And importantly, we see billions and billions of dollars moving out of core index fixed income moving into probably more unconstrained types of products. I think that is going to be the 2014 strategy. The one thing that I think, I don't know, I didn't say it today, if you look at the Barclays Aggregate Index, 87% of its risk is duration. And if you have a view that interest rates systematically will be higher over the next few years, it's a pretty hard product to be in, and yet people need to be in fixed income. I mean, you're not going to see insurance companies run away from fixed income. In fact, rising rates are very good for insurance companies. Obviously, pension funds -- as with the improving equity markets, there are some pension funds that are much closer to defeasing and getting out of equities and going entirely in bonds. And so it's wrong to think there's one tidal wave in the marketplace. There are many different divergent trends that are navigating around the fixed income area, the one area where I do believe you're going to see a reduction. And that's going to be the core base or style box fixed income products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, if you tie in my view about longevity, I have always believed Retail has overly invested in fixed income. I think this is one of the tragedies that we have in America today, that so many individual investors have been so panicked by the media, by the economic conditions, by job conditions. Much of it is reasonably understood. And as a result, so many individuals have kept their money safe as a thought and overinvested in fixed income as a safe holder. Well, obviously, if you believe interest rates are going up, it's not a safe place to be anymore. Hopefully, some of that money goes into equities. And hopefully, some of the individual investors start thinking about outcomes and long strategy investing because that's the need we need. And so if you believe that longevity continues, it is our view that so many individuals, whether it's through their IRA, their defined contribution plan, are so under-invested in the duration of their liability or their retirement needs. And so some of the investing in fixed income is probably -- as I said, was more of a place holder. And unfortunately, as I said at the beginning of my speech, we had a doubling of the S&P since 2009, was not the right place to be. But one thing I can say that I think is happening, we are seeing a convergence in how individuals and institutions think about things. However, insurance companies always have income needs. Pension funds, obviously, would all like to defease as it ever could. And so you're going to have long-term trends that are going to be constructive for fixed income. So despite the views that we may have systematically higher rates in the future, it is going to produce more demand for fixed income. And this is one of the reasons why we had such a large credit rally and why we believe that will persist. And this is why we have not been totally afraid of the realities of a changing -- the changing realities of the Federal Reserve and the manner in which they are handling their monetary policy.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Well, it is somewhat really disappointing for me that we haven't seen extraordinary flows there yet. If the industry -- the quant equity industry had massive outflows, and for a couple of years, we had persistent outflows. What I can say, the negative flows have stopped, we were flat last year. We are talking to more clients than we ever had about this. I actually believe this is a -- this is one area where we're unique. This is one area where we should be growing. This is an area for us as an emphasis in 2014 with this strong performance that we have. And the strong performance is in Europe. It is in Asia. It is in the U.S. Across the global platform, we have strong, consistent performance with less equity beta. And so this is something that hopefully this will accelerate. But I will say loud and clear, I have been disappointed in the lack of flows, I am -- but I am thrilled about the team's persistence in making sure we have great performance, and we do have a positive view of our positioning going forward.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. So we feel we have not seen any real trend. It's consistent. I mean, if you just look at our ETF flows, as I said, $76 billion of flows into equities, $10 billion of outflows of commodity and fixed income type products. But Institutional, yes, it's really -- you generally see the big rebalancing institutionally in the fourth quarter and some people in the first quarter. In our survey that we're releasing, we did -- we heard that there's still more rebalancing but not so much. If the Institutional survey that we'll be releasing today is an indication of what the big macro trend is, more investing in alts, and so I don't think you're going to see a persistence of rebalancing out of equities into bonds. I think this is just -- as I said, it's more seasonal, especially in light of the equity run. The one thing that we should be mindful of, if we continue to have an equity rally of some magnitude, there are going to be some corporate plans that are going to defease. We're aware of 1 or 2 large plans that are above their 100% funding rate. And they are having dialogues right now, should they defease and should they just immunize their plan, their DB plan. And so you're going to have that type of behavior, too. So this is one thing that's really, in my mind, a testimonial to BlackRock's platform. We're seeing institutions go one way, we're seeing ETF players go another way, and we're seeing mutual funds being a little more balanced. And so this -- in my mind, having that ability to see the various types of investors by region and by business line or by outcome needs, we're seeing very different behaviors across the board. The beauty of our platform, we were able to capture that and understand that. And this is why we are spending so much time with our clients and trying to help them think about outcomes and not about the noise of the moment.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We want to thank everybody, obviously, thank our employees for a really good 2013. I just wanted to repeat that in our business today, we have to live with even stronger, more robust fiduciary abilities. And as I said very clearly, it is apparent as a leader in the investment management business that we set the tone. And the tone has to be strong across the board. And that is my commitment to our shareholders, that we will continue to set the tone of a strong standard fiduciary platform. And it's that standard and that tone that allows us to grow a deeper relationship with our clients. With that, thank you, everybody, and I'll talk to you at the end of the first quarter.
