Glenn Schorr: I guess the first question I have is -- Larry just mentioned the $3 billion or plus of free cash flow. The 72% payout was bigger than where you had been running the last, call it, 2 years. And just curious on if that's a high level of payout that we should expect or if 50 is your best guesstimate going forward, as you'd indicated in the past.
Glenn Schorr: Fair enough. On the trading system, just curious on the basic principles of it. Is it a similar crossing network that you see in some of the equity markets where trades get done when there are same security, same price at the same time, trades crossing at the same time? And can you pre-load pre-existing trades and underneath the covers, so to speak, and wait for them to be hit? Just curious on how it's going to actually work.
Glenn Schorr: Got it. One other question on -- the new product pipeline has been good, and you've been able to consistently launch new funds. I think you launched 4 new fixed income ETFs in April. So I guess the question is -- there's been some attention in the press to credit ETFs in terms of providing -- of promoting volatility in the markets. I'm just curious if it's gotten any regulator attention and how you feel about that because it's obviously a big growth business.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. Well, no. What -- the 70-odd percent is a combination of stock repurchases and dividend. Our payout ratio of dividend is going to be between 40% and 50%. I don't want it ever to be higher. But last year, I think we paid out 120-something percent. I don't want to -- yes, it's in terms of -- so I expect it to -- I think, to be very frank, we expect to use our free cash flow opportunistically up to the board approval in terms of utilizing that free cash flow to do whatever is necessary to support a robust stock.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I believe that is the design. That is the design of the platform. Right now, it is obviously crossing and all that as we get more and more players on it. There is going to be some transparency where the underlying desires of sellers and buyers will be.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So look, I believe there is greater and greater demand for credit. Whether you see that in separate accounts with -- or you see it in -- or you see that in ETFs, ETFs just gives you more transparency and clarity where the market's going. But I don't think ETFs are adding any more volatility than when you see large-scale demand in any one product, whether it is a -- in physical-based securities separate account or through a publicly traded vehicle like an ETF. I cannot understand why somebody would say the ETF creates more volatility than demand than any other physical-based separate account. So I don't understand that noise, if there is such noise, and I'll just leave it at that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I see no reason why, over the course of the year, margins will be consistent as they were last year. 39% is a good benchmark, 39.5%. Whatever that comes in, it should be a good benchmark. I just want to overlay the issue around regulatory issues, I was trying to be very specific on that. Regulation costs a lot of money. And so I don't want to -- I'm not here to tell you we're lowering our margin expectations, so I'm not saying that, but I am saying that we are spending a great deal of time on making sure we're compliant. And I don't believe this could be a onetime cost that's going to be very large. Once we get it routinized onto the system, it will certainly -- certainly, once we get it on the system, costs will be less. But it really depends on how we are going to be regulated and how many more people do we need to interface with regulators as regulation of asset managers increases across the board. But at this moment, I am not saying it's going to have any major impact on margins.
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question. You're seeing, for those institutions who are adding beta for tactical purposes they're doing -- a lot of institutions are using ETFs. A couple of sovereign wealth funds who historically used index funds are now using ETFs. And so yes, there is a change in mix, but it's not entirely. And our pipeline, I don't think it's sequentially that much lower, what, $24 billion. But we -- keep in mind, we are not forecasting ETFs, as you suggested, or retail in those flows and -- but there are -- you're seeing behavior change with some institutions going in using ETFs because they value liquidity more than the cost of the -- than the asset management fee. Obviously, for those clients who believe that they're going to be sitting with a beta exposure over a period of time, they will go into index funds with lower fees. But to get that liquidity, we are seeing, as I said, like, some sovereign wealth funds are using ETFs more extensively.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, you're -- it's very hard for extension pension liabilities to meet their liability needs with -- without having some type of income in credit strategies. But they're not going to -- they're certainly not going to do it in duration anymore with even long end being just so low in yields. So we are seeing across the board a very strong interest in credit types of strategies. We're seeing increased interest in hedge fund-like strategies in fixed income and in credit. But your -- core strategies with the treasury market being so dominant in core strategies, you're seeing more core plus interest and more credit-oriented strategies across the board, more strategies that are global in nature, emerging markets in nature. So you're seeing institutions really reflect on how they are going to maneuver out of core strategies over the course of the next 2 years. Now obviously, for those who have the luxury of having their assets and liabilities pretty matched, owning bonds is a very sensible thing to do. And that -- and so I'm not trying to suggest across the board owning fixed income or owning in treasuries is not a thing to do. Unfortunately, so many of our pension funds are sitting with very large underfunded liabilities, and they're all addressing it. And this is another reason why we're seeing more interest in dividend-related strategies, too. So it's not -- we're looking for other strategies that can produce income and, obviously, try to reduce as much beta exposure as you can. But I think, Marc, we're going to be living with this for a couple of years, in this low-rate environment. And unfortunately, this low-rate environment is a real tax on savers, on pension funds. And it's a real question, can these organizations tolerate for a couple more years? And to sit in bonds and core strategies for the next few years, is that the sensible thing to do? Obviously, your -- if you're incredibly risk-adverse, that might be the sensible thing to do, but it comes at a cost. And we are trying to identify to our clients, at -- what type of cost this is going to have on these organizations. As we heard earlier this -- in the first quarter, the average pension fund had greater mismatches as a result of market performance last year, as we saw lower rates, also their liabilities went up and their -- the value of their assets went down. So it's not a pretty picture.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm not sure we’re going to gain more share, but I don't think it's run its course. I think more and more people are looking at physical-based ETFs there. There is -- and we even saw one of our -- one of the derivative-based ETF players translate its business into physical base. And so I don't think it's run its course because I do believe most buyers are going to be looking for physical-based products. And I think that awareness has been getting more apparent. Obviously, we have 55% market share in Europe and so the last thing I'm going to do is forecast a higher market share.
Laurence Douglas Fink: It's -- I don't -- we are winning guys with the retail platforms in -- within your organization. We have a couple of alternative strategies through the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney platform. But institutionally, really it's across the board where we're having dialogue. I would say, our penetration with foundation endowments is growing. We're seeing more participation there. We are seeing more asset opportunities with pension plans, especially in Europe. EMEA has been a very strong growth area. Hopefully, we're going to be closing one of our private equity types of strategies, a lot of participation in that in Europe. And so it is growing worldwide, our penetration is particularly strong with smaller institutions. And -- but there's not one area or one type of client that I could suggest to you that is looking to add alternatives with BlackRock. But it's -- I can say, geographically, Europe has been a particularly large area of growth for us.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Oh my gosh. Look, I think we -- it's all a confidence game. It's a confidence game from our politicians, we need leadership. It's a confidence game with our CEOs, we need leadership. It's confidence from the FAs to give people more confidence. In the United States, I think, as we see a stabilization in housing, which we expect to see next year, that will be a foundation for growing confidence. But the issues of trying to navigate this European situation, I think it's frightening for a lot of people just don't understand. As we are trying to show in our branding initiative that there is a huge cost of doing nothing, and we have to educate more and more people, by doing nothing and market timing, that is not a good answer. And we need to really engage everybody in talking about what type of -- in terms of individuals, what type of pool money do you need upon retirement? And how are you going to achieve that, earning very little sustaining cash? And the question is, does -- the noise of today, does that have any impact on a 30-year objective? And unfortunately, as we watch financial news on television and listening to it on the radio and reading it in print, through blogs, it's all about minutia and day-to-day strategies. And so it actually accelerates the short term-ism, but as advisors, we have to focus on focusing what the -- what your needs are, and that's what we're trying to do not with just retail -- with mutual fund buyers but we're trying to do that institutionally worldwide. And it's very important for us to do that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: To answer your first part of the question related to the activity of dialogue. Dialogue has never been stronger, but it takes a lot more time to try to get clients to move. So their behavior is more of -- one of reluctance, of fear, trepidation. But the dialogue is probably more unique than ever before. But more importantly, the dialogue is different. 10 years ago, dialogue was on a core strategy: a core fixed income strategy, a large cap strategy. Those conversations don't happen anymore. The conversations today are more about multi-asset strategy. It's about alternatives. It's about overlaying assets versus liabilities. It is much more complex. So the dialogue is longer, the timing in which people commit is much longer. Trepidation is large. And so -- and that's what I'm trying to say at the beginning. Although we have some nice market movements, we've seen some nice, long-term flows at BlackRock, there is still an overwhelming amount of reluctance. It's not a reluctance because they don't want to do something, it's a reluctance overlaying fear. Will this cost my job? How do I respond? And what we're trying to hit hard to everybody: Well, doing nothing could cost your job even more. You've got to -- we have to respond to these open issues, so -- but I think the key is the dialogue is different. It's more comprehensive: multi-asset strategy, alternative, barbelling. Much different. And I should also state, as well, if you’ve looked at our pipeline, our pipeline speaks about that. Our pipeline is much heavily oriented to multi-asset strategy and a lot more alternatives. And so when you see our pipeline, you'll see more of that type of behavior and those types of dialogues. In terms of our trading platform, if Volcker Rule is more draconian, I hope it's not. That's not in our interest as investors. It may be in the interest of society. But there is a fundamental cost with that and investors are going to have to pay for that. Right now, I think we're crossing about 6% of our trades. Our hope is if we could get it up to 30%, that would be magnificent. That's a big -- a very high bar to achieve, so let's go at 1% at a time, from 6% to 7% to 8%. And obviously, we don't know the magnitude of how many clients from Aladdin will go on to it. If we ever achieve those objectives of 20% or 30% of crossing, it's going to have to mean a lot more participation with many more clients. And so -- but if it is more draconian, if markets are much wider, I think more clients will want to be part of this platform, and that will accelerate the utilization rate of the trading platform.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We believe money market reform should be a fire way [ph]. We believe the industry has been reluctant to change. We need to be working with the SEC on money market reform. I've had dialogues with some of our fellow asset managers to work together on money market reform, working with the SEC. It is our position that if we do not work together with the SEC on money market reform, the FSOC committee will make it for us. And so we have been much more aggressive on addressing money market reform. We believe it's necessary for this industry to begin growing again. As we witness, the industry is shrinking every quarter. We have been isolated, though, with that opinion. We have been remarkably one of the only firms to aggressively believe that we need money market reform, working with the SEC to a sensible industry- and client-oriented solution. And so -- but I must say, in recent weeks, we have, through our dialogue, offline dialogues, with other firms, I believe there's a good opportunity in front of us to work with the SEC for money market reform. Hence, we avoid the FSOC telling us what money market reform will do to us. That's it? Good. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for a good quarter, everyone at the firm. I look forward to talking to you at the next quarter. Talk to you later.
Ann Marie Petach: I think that's good. We see both the seasonal effect and then some of those hopefully more secular trends both helping those revenues.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes, we're still in that 35% range. It's a little higher in the first quarter because you get your annual bonus payment-related payroll taxes all hitting you there. So it's always a little higher in the first quarter.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. I can take those all offline, but the payroll was broadly about 27 and the marketing is directionally correct. I'll talk to you more.
