Laurence Fink: Yes. But here's where how I look at it. I'm spending less time, Craig, looking at absolute numbers and looking at composition of businesses. So if our business with some clients translates into products that have higher fees but less assets, I'm perfectly happy with that. With some clients, I know we're going to be doing some very large Beta types of products, and we welcome those too. So I must say, Craig, unlike when we did the MLIM transaction, the definition of flows in the absolute percent is less of a focus for me as the composition and the revenues associated with the composition. But I think 5% is a very good baseline to consider.
Laurence Fink: I would just like to add. We believe with the amount of monies we manage for retirement and pension plans, both public and private, and our position as a firm, we have a bigger obligation to be part of different communities worldwide, and this is one of the big reasons why we determined working with our board to start funding towards building a BlackRock Foundation. And this is an important position for us and I think, once again, will differentiate us versus a lot of the other money managers.
Laurence Fink: Well, we have no indication as to Barclays' intentions. From all indications I have, they are very comfortable and happy with that position. Obviously, like the other banks, Basel III is a issue that all banks are going to have to conform and whether that has an impact on Barclays' ownership in BlackRock, you know as much as I do. If there is a change from what I believe there is related to Barclays and Barclays was seeking to sell a portion of it, I would say with our free cash flow, it'd be something that we would most probably purchase a part or all of what they would have for sale and retire it. But I don't want to leave any indication as to if there's anything that we know of in the future because, as I said, the last conversation I had with the leadership of Barclays, they're extremely happy with their ownership.
Laurence Fink: Yes, I think the biggest noise was real estate where we knew we were going to have some big outflows in real estate and that offset some big inflows in the other products. So in some of the real estate products, we were not having any really any fees associated. And so from our vantage point, obviously, you can't see it in the gross numbers. We actually had some very good flows. And looking forward, we see a huge book of new business going forward in that. And so we are very excited about our flows in our alternative area. We believe the movements in the real estate area, which in 2011 were in the midst of a whole rebuild is hidden in the noise around the grossing of all the business.
Laurence Fink: No. It's lumpy. I mean, I don't know the exact number right now. I mean, Ann Marie could get it offline a little more. But in the pipeline, there is alternatives and global extent and some obsidian and a few other products where I know of some good flows there are going to be coming in the first quarter. So I don't know specifically which ones and where, but we could give you that information offline.
Laurence Fink: So Americas is $23 million, EMEA is $26.5 million, Asia-Pacific is $5 million and advisory is $12 million. That’s all net.
Laurence Fink: But that's where I don't go any further. I don't like shoring myself in margin. I could promise you margins will have upward bias. If I'm right on where equity Beta will go, our margins will improve accordingly, and it's true. After we do the technology integration there should be step up in margins, but we pay close attention to margins. Margins will have upward bias, whether it's 40.7 or 41.7 or 42.7, I'm not going to hold that to a target because I think we need to see the dynamics in the marketplace. We need to see the competitive pressure related to comp and employment and keeping people. So margins to me are a function that we need to pay attention to obviously, and we do believe there is upward bias to our margin, but I need to look at it in a complete way related to compensation and connecting that with our need for investing, investing in Asia, investing in other areas. So it's pretty complex. And so that's why I don't like being targeted or benchmarked at over a certain margin over the course of the next 12 or 24 months.
Laurence Fink: I really think it's client specific. I don't want to talk about one industry. There is no question clients -- the real issue is where will interest rates be in 12 months. That's going to be an important component as to how clients think about re-risking. With rates being this low, clients and with where liabilities are that's why where interest rates are, that changes their liability, it changes their forecasting in terms of how much re-risking are they going to do, and so I think it's pretty complex to understand it. It's not just where equity markets are going and other products, it’s a function of where will be their liabilities at the end of the year in terms of where the average 10-year corporate rate is. So there is a bias worldwide. These clients, in my mind, are over-weighted in fixed income, over-weighted in cash and in many cases, clients have a systematically under-invested in equity-like products. I believe that there is greater and greater comfort clients are going to start re-risking. But that re-risking could be in the form of some type of multi-asset class strategy that encompasses some Beta but some alternatives. It may encompass utilization of maybe some of our global iShares product and it may be some hedge fund products, and it may be a combination of all that overlaying our Solutions and Aladdin products. So I don't think there's one strategy, and I don't think there's one solution. It really is a function of each client risk needs versus their liabilities.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think as an industry, we're seeing more and more flows into these go-any-way type of products like our equity Global Allocation product, which is now $75 billion. We're seeing more and more money going, like what we saw equities then, going into fixed income. Some of our competitors have $10 billion, $12 billion products in that. As I said earlier, ours is probably the number one performing product and it just crossed about $1.2 billion and growing very rapidly. So that's where we see movement moving towards. We still believe credit is going to be a good place to be. We actually love mortgages at this level. And so there's many opportunities to make, better returns in treasuries, in fixed income. So whether -- so it really is a function of how much capabilities these institutions have in re-risking. Some re-risking may be just moving from treasuries to credit. Some of them may be moving from maybe Beta strategies to more fundamental active strategies, and many of them will be a combination of all of that plus probably a greater investing in alternatives and more investing outside the United States.
Laurence Fink: We didn't have it in our slides, but we had a big slide in our roadshow talking about the mix. There's no question on ETF and index products, our margins are huge. It’s the highest margin business for us or it's one of the high margin business for us. And so it's a high margins, low fees. The margins on alternative products actually are lower margin for us because the PM share in some of the performance. And so that mix changes dramatically, but no question as money moves into indexes as evidence we saw [indiscernible] would be good flow into indexing in the first quarter in our pipeline, this is very high-margin business for us.
Laurence Fink: One of the greatest failures of BlackRock has been our fixed income mutual fund flows in the last few years compared to our great competitors. We did not benefit like some of our great competitors did in the fixed income flows. And it was a disappointment, and obviously, our performance in 2008 was a chief cause of that. But in the last two years, our performance has been very strong, beating most of our competitors. And so I don't believe if there was a dramatic turnaround out of fixed income into equities would be damaging. We have a much stronger presence in the mutual fund space in our equity products. And so I believe we'd be a net benefit if that happened.
Laurence Fink: Well, always in the first quarter there are always much more action or at least hope of potential for action. We're doing a number of roadshows, seeing our U.S. clients and trying to talk to them. I saw our largest institutional state plans last week. And as they think about what they're planning to do in 2011 later this week, I'm seeing two of the largest state plans. Again, we're trying to get in front of our clients. I'm spending more time with our institutional clients here in the states to find out what they're trying to do. I don't think clients are necessarily confused as much as -- it's not just the asset side they're struggling with. They're also struggling with are they getting funding from their corporation? Are they getting funding from their state? How much is their drawdown? So one of the clients, the clients I saw earlier this week. They have a 12% or 13% increase in their plan, but their state did not fund them. And because of demographics, they had more outflows than they had in terms of performance and participant contribution. So the corpus actually shrunk. And so this is a dilemma that we think we're going to see more and more of. This is one of the reasons why these plans are going to have to say “should we be re-risking now or should we -- how do we address this issue of a depleting corpus?”. These are serious issues, and so I think it's going to be very individualistic depending on the issue related to their funding sources as to how they are going to restructure their balance sheet, their assets. So it's not just uncertainty around the global competent markets, it is also the uncertainty around their funding sources.
Laurence Fink: We are going to continue to spend like we did last year, and a lot of it, because we have redundancies in some of the positions as we roll everything onto Aladdin, which will be completed by this year. So there’s no change from what we said in our third quarter.
Laurence Fink: It hopefully shows in performance by reducing friction cost. That's the objective. Hopefully, clients will appreciate that. Clients do measure our friction cost, so if we can find ways to reduce our friction cost and differentiate ourselves, hopefully that shows up not just in Alpha but it shows up in flows.
Laurence Fink: No, that's being rolled out sometime this year. I mean, we're spending a lot of money that's in our G&A right now, so we're spending a great deal of money in building that because we do believe this will be a good differentiator in the future.
Laurence Fink: I'm sure my trading guy does it hourly. How often I personally speak to leaders at Barclays, I would say it's very periodic and sometimes quite often. I actually had a nice conversation with Bob yesterday. But Bob Diamond is on our board. So I update him as a board member. And so it's a very positive strong relationship, and we are confident we are going to have a strong robust relationship in 2011.
Laurence Fink: I would also argue if we saw a change in investor appetites in fixed income to equities, our ETF platform was a very strong leader in ETFs, fixed income ETFs as a leader of equity ETFs, I think that would change the fee make-up too.
Laurence Fink: No. I just want to thank everybody, and welcome all our new investors. And I would like to also welcome our new board member, Adam Soderbergh, to the BlackRock family. Thank you, everyone. Talk to you in a few months.
Ann Petach: It was, clearly, a mix of both. So we probably had -- you know we may have had certainly a meaningful percent of that, that was some year-end cleanup, the things I talked about such as marketing. There was some occupancy. The consulting and professional fees were more ongoing in nature, but I would say of the remaining $50 million, there was certainly let's say half of it might have been items that we wouldn't see every quarter.
Ann Petach: No. Those that I mentioned were really the completion of assignments. So the timing of those revenues can be a little lumpy based on when assignments are completed. However, when you think about 2011 in total, what we saw in 2010 was a ramp-up in our ongoing recurring business, as well as we've got a lot of new interest in Advisory business. So we're going to see both in 2011 and from quarter-to-quarter, it may vary just because of when an assignment get completed. But I would [indiscernible] a strong mix of both types of revenues in 2011.
Ann Petach: Yes, it's hard to say 2012 and beyond because, I mean, it's hard to give you a good sense of 2011. I think if we were to use cards to forecast geographic mix of earnings as well as what will happen and perhaps with inflation, but I mean I think we're trying to give you a pretty good confidence around a reasonable tax rate for 2011, and we don't know where we are, maybe up a little but in that zone.
Ann Petach: Exactly. If we reach those break points, it’s good news. Revenues are going up, and we're delivering scale benefits to clients. In addition, there are a lot of platform that are smaller sized but [indiscernible] very nicely. So revenue makes it attractive, and our revenue share as opposed to our market share at AUM those are very, very strong industry leaders but keep an eye on both.
