Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, that is not a public piece of information that I'm -- I can't be responsible for discussing that, so just bear with me on that. But our enthusiasm is quite great with the opportunity we have -- the opportunities we have with Fidelity. The first 3 years were a success and what our new announcement is to build from that success now by adding up to 65 ETFs, iShare ETFs onto the platform have given us much greater opportunity to build greater penetration with their clients and a deeper conversation with their client-serving team. I would also add though, Craig, this also enriches our relationship in a totality basis. Even as from their distribution side, it just gives us a better opportunity to sell our mutual funds and other products there. So we look at this as a comprehensive relationship. The working relationship with our teams is very strong. But importantly, I look at what we are doing with Fidelity to complement what we're doing on our core strategy ETFs. This is what we deemed as the most efficient way for us to target a buy-and-hold RIA channel. This is an area where we said over the last few quarters, we under-penetrated. When we announced our core strategy ETFs, we said this is the channel we're going to go after. But by enlarging our partnership and our relationship with Fidelity, it really enhances our ability to interact with the independent RIA channel.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But what we -- I would say in the first quarter, what we saw was greater -- we had more securities out on sec lending, and so the trend was good in terms of utilization. But because of the continued compression in rates, we saw less rates. So lending spreads was less. But more importantly, and this is an important characteristic -- we spend so much time, we have a huge team out there trying to look out across all the prime brokers and all the different organizations that are looking to barbell stock. We -- I look at not just at our, obviously, our -- the net interest spread. I think the most important characteristic in sec lending is the amount of securities out to borrow. And this is the one area that I'm pretty proud of our team in making sure that we have deeper penetration. And hopefully, that will continue. I'm not here to tell you the seasonals won't change, but we most certainly saw more demand.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, it's certainly a 10% increase in possible assets in that, so that's what you're getting at. 10% -- no, it's less than that. It's -- I'm not going to get into the details, but it's -- one client is quite large, and has economies of scale and all that stuff. But it's -- you're in the range but not there without getting into much detail.
Laurence Douglas Fink: The iShare bond is going to be -- is momentarily, without getting into registration issues, we expect it soon. I'm getting kicked by my General Counsel. It is my view that this is a great opportunity for the market and for us. We've had many conversation with many potential investors in those products. The enthusiasm is great. But as we saw in most ETF products, it's a slow grind, and people are going to be looking for liquidity and opportunities. And if the liquidity and opportunities are there, then you start seeing a faster ramp-up. So it is momentarily when we're going to announce -- when we launch that. The overall view of ETFs and bonds is as robust as ever. We are very constructive on those products. And so my feelings haven't changed at all despite, obviously, a huge change in momentum from fixed income flows that we witnessed the first half of last year to 90% flows in equities. And so I guess it's a testimony to the products that these are efficient vehicles for investors when they are looking to rebalance, to restructure. And so we continue to be in front of clients with all types of ETF products, and we continue to be driving those flows on a global basis. You didn't ask this question, but if you look at ETF flows as an industry, some of the great flows as an industry are also when investors are under-invested. So you see great flows in Japan because of the changes in the economic future of Japan or the hope of the change of economic future. And so you're seeing it across the industry, larger flows in Japanese-oriented DK-oriented [ph] ETFs. And as I said, what we saw also at BlackRock, because a renewed interest in Mexico, we were -- we saw larger-than-historical flows into Mexico. And so this is exactly how we're trying to position ourself, having a suite of products that are global in nature and respond to it. This is one of the big reasons why we are so excited about our inclusion of the Crédit Suisse ETF platform. This will give us a great Swiss franc product as clients are going to look to diversify in currency and in asset categories.
Laurence Douglas Fink: If you strip out the onetime expense of the reorganization, that would add over a 1 margin point to the quarter. I'm not suggesting we're going to continue to be at 41. I don't know where we're going to come out. But we all -- as I said before, we have an eye to continuing to build and grow our margins.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I expect it's going to be some form of floating NAV. I mean, I see no evidence to think it would be anything but a floating NAV on the prime type of funds. I don't believe it will be any form of floating related to the government type of funds. So I think -- I don't -- we don't expect any surprise. We had a whole team in Washington this week. It's still pretty -- it's not -- it's a pretty dynamic situation, but I do believe now with the commissioner of the SEC being -- and the chairperson being finalized, I think we're going to see some type of announcement from the SEC shortly.
Laurence Douglas Fink: On the -- we -- marketing is a variable expense. We will spend more money when we believe it's an -- there's a great opportunity. And if we believe that the business dynamics don't permit it, we will spend less. So it is something that we can adjust continuously, and so it is going to be fluid and we will continue to navigate around that. And I will affirm what Ann Marie said related to Fidelity; it is accretive immediately.
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question. We saw greater risk-taking worldwide, and so -- but that doesn't mean it's a great rotation. It just means people are looking to take risk in other forms. As I said, they're looking for equities that are more bond-like with high coupons, low vol. They're looking for fixed income that has higher yield that looks more like equity. I think those are the overall trends, and those trends continue. Obviously, we saw at the beginning of the first quarter, a huge rerisking. But the rerisking came from cash, not from bonds. Secondarily, as we've witnessed about a 40 basis point rally -- rates went down in late March and now April -- we saw probably a slowdown in some flows but in the last week, we've began to see a resurgence in flows again. But I would say, overall, Marc, clients are looking to add more risk. Clients are looking for that market setback to buy. I don't sense a market setback is going to have people running back into more bonds, but I think if we had a market setback, I think we would actually see more equity investments.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Recognize that, that's almost over. That was just a reaction in -- 2 clients, actually, did predominantly because we changed the portfolio managers. It is something we were not surprised at. We were disappointed. We were trying to have them stay in those -- with the new managers because we believe it's an improvement, but they had some -- they have these formulas of changing -- of moving on if there are some big changes. And this is -- these are the costs, and this is why so many firms are afraid of changing managers even with mediocre performance. And we made a conclusion mid-last year that we are going to rebuild for the future. We're going to spend the money in recruiting great teams, and we're going to take the short-term hits in terms of the potential outflows. But in the areas where we are seeing performance, some of our emerging market equity teams that have been here now 1.5 years with great performance, we have many dialogues worldwide. We continue to see some very strong flows, as I said in my prepared talks about -- in European equities where we have a world-class team. We continue to see flows in our dividend equity side. So I would say, the best way I can talk about the first quarter for me was a mixed picture. It wasn't as robust as we -- I would have liked to have seen it, but it certainly wasn't terribly bad and unexpected. But we're -- I think in terms of seasonality, in terms of those clients' decisions, that's behind us.
Laurence Douglas Fink: That's a very good question. There's no question from our vantage point we saw more barbelling than ever, more interest in beta products, both ETFs and index products, across the board. We're actually witnessing some of the largest global institutions who were heavily, 5 years ago were 100% in active, they are now navigating the majority, their reinvestments and their new investments in beta. So there's no question, as you said, there is a very dominant trend towards greater and greater participation in beta. As I also said, one of the uniquenesses of ETFs and iShares, we are seeing more and more investors are driving ETF flows because they're using beta as alpha. And so I think that trend will continue. I am making a large, long-term bet, though, that there will be a time when investor behavior will move back into fundamental equities. I can tell you as in our case where we have really good performance, we've seen flows. I'm sure by looking at industry flows, other firms that had strong, consistent returns that beat the index after fees are still -- are seeing flows. And so I think what you're seeing is you're not seeing overall trends in active fundamental equities, but you're seeing it where there is good fundamental performance after fees. This is another reason why in our prepared conversation, I talked about why we continue to build our alternative strategies, whether it is the SIO and CIO types of products and fixed income and our single-strategy hedge funds. We continue to see very large momentum there as clients are looking to use beta and then barbelling by other types of strategy. So we are making a fundamental view that equity -- fundamental equities will be a place where investors want to go but overwhelmingly, the flows continue to be driven in the beta products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, a, I think Fidelity is a tremendous firm. I think their fiduciary as strong as any firm that I know of. I think they believe in active management, as you suggested, and I think they understand that their clients are not only looking for active products, they're looking for passive products. And I believe that they have come to terms that if they are going to be as strong a fiduciary and looking out for their clients' interests that being in partnership with BlackRock iShares allows them to penetrate and continue to have that dialogue on the beta side, but also continue to be a fiduciary and drive also flows for their active products. So I think it's very consistent with a long-standing position of Fidelity of having fiduciary responsibility, first and foremost. And I would say all my conversations with the leadership of Fidelity has always been, they want to be known as a key long-term fiduciary for their clients. And I think this achieves that objective, and it also allows them to continue to build and drive their active flows.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we asked Craig Phillips, who is driving our FMA business, to drive that solution-based business. Ann Marie, in a few weeks, will be a leader of that business. So I'm going to let Ann Marie talk about that a little bit and I'll add, so...
Laurence Douglas Fink: So, Ken, I don't believe -- we're having more dialogues with more large clients than ever before on the solution fiduciary type of businesses. So the dialogue, whether it's a low rate environment or risk-on or a combination of both, we're seeing more and more clients interested in it.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we won -- we just won a $1.5 billion mandate this past week. And it was a multi-asset category with many alternatives. It was a great team-wide win. We are -- we had another dialogue with another client about a $10 billion possible assignment. I would like them to pull the trigger on this $10 billion one as soon as possible, but we are in dialogue with many different clients right now on this. What I have witnessed in these types of conversations, though, there are long gestation period to get the clients comfortable on these type of assignments. But when they pull the trigger, it's generally a big event here at BlackRock.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Probably the biggest area that I can think of is, and I talked about this in my prepared remarks, I believe more and more investors are very worried about the asymmetry in long-duration fixed income. And so they are looking for alternative products that have -- doesn't have a duration benchmark and it's trying to navigate around that. So our SIO product, which I suggested, raised another $1 billion. And I believe with our performance, we should be at $15 billion, $20 billion. This is in the top quartile product. It is beating our 2 largest competitors by a significant amount in this product, and we should be growing this dramatically. The other area that I believe over, as you suggested, a 5-year period, 10-year period of time, it is going to have to be -- continue investing in the emerging world, whether it's Mexico or Southeast Asia, in different categories, whether it's going to be in debt products or in equity-like products. So it's going to be a combination of multi-asset strategy and a continue to investing in the emerging world, where we're making equally large investments.
Laurence Douglas Fink: It's too early to making some grandiose comment. I could tell you my teams are telling me it's quite successful. There is great enthusiasm there. But we -- whether we are seeing any short-term milestones, I think what's important, what we're -- and our messaging to all our clients by doing this -- and this gets back to some other questions we had earlier. And this is related to -- we have to be in front of our clients providing them information both on beta and alpha products. If we cannot do that, then nobody can. We should be the organization that's getting in front of the FAs, the RIAs in a open form of talking about the attributes of alpha and beta. And they should not be -- it should not be inconsistent or it should not be communication through 2 different voices. Our whole idea was because we believe if we are truly a fiduciary to our clients is providing a wholesome conversation on the attributes of beta and alpha, the combination of passive products and active products and how can they fit in a portfolio. And so we needed to re-engineer our own firm to making sure that we are -- we're telling the story in a proper way. So I believe in the long run, it's going to generate increased penetration. It may mean continue investing in our teams, it may mean more investing in our technology to provide better information for our teams to sell those products in a holistic way, but I am truly committed on the idea of providing a wholesome client relationship on beta and alpha.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. I mean, if we have great success in our core strategy and the assets grow dramatically there and liquidity grows there, you would see some form of arbitrage over the long run. But I would also add, though, when you talk about total costs, and one of the reasons why we were very successful in some of our higher management fee products has been our great success in providing higher and more efficient tracking than our competitors. And so once again, I have to remind all investors who -- and I wish our -- I wish the agencies that we viewed alternative -- all ETF products look at not just management fees but they look at tracking error and look at bid-ask spread. So you calculate those 3 characteristics of the total experience of an ETF. In some of our higher fee products that you were talking about, actually, because of positive tracking, we actually outperformed. And so you have to look at it in a total cost experience, and that's an -- that's an important characteristic to look at it. This is one of the reasons why I don't expect to see the arbitrage anytime soon. You have to look at it on the total client experience. And that's important to understand why you're not seeing massive changes in clients' demand in different products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I actually believe we're in the third inning. I actually believe there's huge upside opportunities. I think people are miscalculating the continued growth, both institutionally and somewhat retail on utilizing ETFs as beta as alpha. We're seeing even the traditional index players, clients who were looking to add ETFs to provide a little greater liquidity in their index portfolios. We're at the first inning, second inning, and fixed income as ETFs will continue to play a bigger role. But I can't -- I think the first quarter, when you think about where the industry flows are, it would really, in my mind, really shows how dynamic ETFs are. When you see the huge increase in equities because clients were underweighted in equities, they're overweighted in cash and so you saw large purchasing of equity ETFs. In addition, just by the growth of ETFs in Japan and Mexico, it really highlights that this is not just a domestic U.S. phenomenon. It's a global phenomenon that clients are using ETFs not just to get beta exposure but to also get exposure in region and exposure in categories. And this is the whole story of what we're trying to do with iShares that we can provide beta exposure across regions, across countries, across products. And if we can provide that consistently, more and more clients will come to iShares.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So in terms of outflow, and this is a merger-related client that had large sums of money in short-duration products that took the money out and bought a company. And one of them was just a restructuring from fixed income to another asset category. That was -- those are the 2 dominant themes in the fundamental fixed income side. In terms of our forthcoming announcement, we believe it will be new classes of investors in bond ETFs.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So in terms of the rotation of ETFs and the slicing -- I think you're talking about the slicing and dicing. I think, as I said earlier, I'm repeating myself, but I really do believe if you look at the overall trends, we saw huge investing in the U.S. equities as the world started believing in the U.S. economic story. And we saw a huge investing in Mexico and Japan. As to Japan was obviously a country in which, historically, investors underweighted for years. And I think people were under -- we needed to get equity beta-ed in Japan. And Mexico was just the continuation of a great economic story. I think -- I don't think there's any grand story about mixing and matching. It just illuminates how people are adapting to use more and more ETFs as beta as alpha. And I think that's a very important component. I don't believe -- this does not lead me to believe that we have to mix and match and create more smaller and more divisible types of products. I think clients are looking for big macro-theme products. I don't believe investing in Japan alone is a macro -- is a mix and match or investing in Mexico is a mix and match. What we are seeing is sometimes, some clients don't want to invest in a global index like an MSCI. Some investors want to say, "I want to highlight by owning 7 countries in that index," and they could do that with ETFs and iShares. So you have some clients who are saying, "I would like to just invest in North America," so they could buy a Canadian and a U.S. and a Mexican ETF. So we're seeing various different ways that you could use ETFs and the simplicity of that. And I think that's the major story. It's not a story that we have to divide them up into many more categories. Lastly, in terms of margins, there is no question, as I said earlier, if you take out the onetime charge, our margins would be 100 to 140 basis points higher than it was -- than we announced. I don't like showing -- giving too much granularity on margin. I've always said we expect to see higher margins consistently year after year. Obviously, margins are beta dependent. They're performance or fee dependent. But we will continue to navigate and monitor our expenses. I can control expenses, and that's my commitment to you. I can't control beta. I do believe we'll have higher markets over the course of this coming year. So we will be very disciplined in terms of managing those expenses related to what goes on in performance fees and beta. So what I'm suggesting, you should assume pricing margins predicated on beta. But this is something that we are committed on, and we believe we have great opportunities to expand the margin without harming the future growth of the company. And that's how I'm trying to manage it. We will continue to make sure we are making investments. We will continue to make sure that we have the best investment teams. I will be relentless in making sure we have a firm that is based on performance, and that's my commitment to all of you.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. Great quarter. I want to thank all the employees. Once again, our hearts and wishes are out to all those who experienced this -- the problems associated with the Boston terrorist act. We live in these uncertain times. We live in times of -- that are really tough to reconcile at times. And it is our job to provide some consistency to our investors to overcome, once again, a lack of confidence that terrorist acts like this presents to us and our entire country. So with that, let's continue to hope for a great second quarter, and I will be talking to you shortly. Thank you, everyone.
Ann Marie Petach: Well, when I look at it, really the fourth quarter and the first quarter in sec lending both looked very similar to a year ago and look similar sequentially. And so I would continue to expect a seasonal pickup in the second quarter associated with the dividend fee sec.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. I just wanted to chime in that to remind people that the pro forma margin in 2009 of the combined BlackRock-BGI was 36.8%. And first quarter, and especially this first quarter, with the reorganization costs in it, was a very strong margin. So there's been enormous progress, and that's leveraging the business that we're committed to continuing. It's always going to be balanced with making sure that we're growing that top line, which is where the real value comes.
Ann Marie Petach: So the first question, what I said specifically was with respect to marketing, but that's a key component of our overall G&A. And absolutely on the second. I mean, we think this is going to be a real win-win.
Ann Marie Petach: What I would say is there's a lot of different types of opportunities there. And it's not just a pure outsourcing of asset allocation, which is part of it, but it can be thinking about asset allocation for a portion of your portfolio. It's modeling assets next to liabilities and planning your asset strategy next to your liability strategy as you're thinking of that including your cap contribution strategy. I think that asset allocation in the present environment has been a key contributor to beta. And I mentioned that in my remarks because we are seeing people using ETFs as a tool to asset allocate. And we can help people to use these tools to get there, combined with the risk pools to actually understanding what they're doing, where the returns are coming from and where the risks are coming from. What's interesting, when you look at a number of clients, including very big sophisticated clients, they don't actually understand that combination of risk analysis with return analysis.
Ann Marie Petach: As you recall, we're not going to add a lot of costs in base comp. And I think our key comp driver is going to continue to be our variable comp, which is going to be dependent on the performance of our portfolio managers, as well as the performance of the firm overall. While we've added people, we have also made significant moves in our footprint over the last 2 years that has dampened the fact relative to the number of people that have been added to the firm.
