Laurence Fink: I would just add, the breadth of conversations we're having with clients worldwide. Rob Kapito right now is in Asia, the type of conversations we had there. The opportunities we see in Europe, in the U.K., Middle East. These are just very large opportunities, large mandates, big opportunities. And if you then overlay the opportunities and you overlay what infrastructure can do related to the build-out of power with all the AI promise and the need for data centers and the need for power is going to be extraordinary. And all of this is going to lead to much bigger opportunities. And then more importantly, more and more clients are going to be seeking those organizations who deliver the proprietary differentiated products.
Laurence Fink: Michael, I would just add, as we continue to be investing in AI, our most recent experience of having $2.5 trillion more assets with the same headcount is a real good indication of how we are trying to drive more efficiencies, more productivity. I think this is critical. We're going to bring down an inflation in America. This is how it's going to have to be done, driven through technology and which will increase more productivity. And overall and actually through that process, we continue to drive more productivity. What it also means is rising wages. So people do more and the whole organization is doing more with less people as a percent of the overall organization. That is really our ambition.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add, operator to Ken's question. Ken, I do believe as an industry, the large pension funds that have an over allocation of private equity and the rotation of money in the private equity area has slowed down precipitously. We are also seeing evidence that more and more clients are keeping a higher balance of cash to meet their liability discharges. And so without the momentum and the velocity of money in private equity, they actually have to keep higher cash balances, too. So I think that is something to be watched to. If there is an unlock in the movement of private equity, I do believe you would see a factor allocation for the industry in fixed income and other income-producing products.
Laurence Fink: I would just add that the feedback we're having from clients, including a dinner I had with a major energy company last night. The opportunity we have for driving more unique proprietary origination is going to be driving accelerated growth for us in the private markets, especially in infrastructure. I do believe the combinations of our two organization is going to open up so many more avenues. Avenues with companies but also avenues with countries. And that being said, look, we're always in the market and are looking for different opportunities and we're not slowing down, looking at different opportunities. We're not here to suggest we're doing anything that is forthcoming because the number one through five things to do is to close GIP. But the doors are knocking at BlackRock to see if there's other opportunities we want to pursue. And if it makes sense one day, we will continue to be open minded to pursue more private market opportunities.
Laurence Fink: As I said in my prepared remarks, we have 14 corporations that are preparing to transform their defined contribution plan to LifePath Paycheck. So the conversations we're having with so many other clients is enormous. Many clients wanted to see actual implementation of these plans. As we said in the prepared remarks, the first implementation of the first plan is going to be in the next few weeks. We'll have many announcements about that and we plan to really make that a big issue for us going forward. We believe, as I said before, this is going to change retirement. The movement away from defined benefits to defined contributions have left many, many individuals stranded in making the decisions of their own retirement by themselves. And this eliminates some of the uncertainty for retirement. The Target Date has eliminated a lot of the variability of retirement, but there has been no transformation in terms of bringing -- once you are retired, how do you know what you have. And through this innovation of integrating investment strategies around insurance wrappers can really narrow the outcomes that the individual can have a very narrow corridor of what the dollar amount that they're going to be earning each month. And as I said in my letter, with growing longevity, retirement is going to become a bigger and bigger issue. And having this type of certainty really will alleviate some of the fear. As I said, our conversations are broad. And let me be clear, the conversations are also now beginning in Europe and other places, too. So we look at this as a major component of our future growth rates over the next three to five years. Obviously, it's not the highest fee-based product. It is like a Target Date product. But -- so it's -- but it can generate more connectivity with more clients, deeper relationships with all our clients. And so this is something that I'm very proud of what the firm has created and I do believe it's going to transform BlackRock as a leader in retirement benefits.
Laurence Fink: Yes, operator, one last comment. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our performance is a direct result of our steadfast commitment to serving our clients -- and each and every client and evolving for the long-term trends ahead of their needs. We started 2024 with great momentum, and I strongly believe that there are more opportunities ahead for BlackRock more than any other time before. Thank you, everyone and have a great quarter.
Martin Small: Our approach to shareholder value creation is obviously to generate differentiated organic growth, it's to drive operating leverage in a premium margin and it's to execute on a consistent capital management strategy. We have a strong track record of investing in our business for growth and scale and expanding profitability. And I want to emphasize, it's not just about growth. It's about profitable growth over the long-term. And that growth comes from making continued investments in our business. And I've talked a lot about on the last several calls and obviously, some of the other meetings we've had, we're looking to size our operating investments in line with the prudent lens on organic growth potential. We're aiming to put more flexibility in our cost base and variabilize expenses where we can. And most importantly, we're looking to generate fixed cost scale, especially through investments in technology. We're consistently delivering industry leading margins, which is a goal and we've expanded our margin in six out of the last 10 years. And I think those scale indicators are coming through in our results. We're delivering profitable growth. We generated 180 bps of margin expansion year-on-year, while revenue op income and EPS all rose double-digits. And we delivered 60 basis points of sequential margin improvement. Over the last 18 months, AUM is up $2.5 trillion, while headcount is actually flat or slightly lower. So I feel like we're delivering benefits of scale and productivity, which is showing in margin expansion. As I mentioned, we're planning for full year low to mid-single digits core G&A growth, flat headcount both excluding the GIP transaction. So you've heard on our last few calls and I hope today and some of Larry's color, we're looking to drive more fixed cost scale. That comes from technology. It comes from automation. It can come from AI. It comes from organizational design, global foot printing using some of our innovation hubs around the world. We see those as our major levers to drive margin expansion. And in the end, we're just looking to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible, deliver growth for clients and shareholders and ultimately expand our margin over time.
Martin Small: It's Martin. I'll offer a few thoughts and then Larry will jump in. Let's say, look, all of our clients continue to increase their allocations to private markets. That's what drove our acquisition of eFront. It's what drove our planned acquisition of GIP. And it's also a great focus of the organic investments we've made to build in a liquid alternatives business of size. There are sort of liquid alternatives business, we've reached $167 billion of assets, roughly $140 billion fee paying. We had a good quarter there. Infrastructure and private credit deployment added $1 billion of inflows offset by a return of capital that I talked about. We're getting close on our final closes for our BlackRock Infrastructure IV Fund for decarbonization partners, which has been a great first time funded vintage. We've got $30 billion of committed but uninvested capital. So there's good dry powder in the system. As Larry mentioned, we're originating really strong unique transactions there. So we think our capabilities are expanding in a way that's going to plan. Just yesterday, we announced an infrastructure debt deal with Santander where we're going to be financing about $600 million of infrastructure loans in a structured transaction. And we just see good fundraising momentum, which we think we can kick into next year with GIP. Since 2021, we've had $140 billion of gross capital across the platform continue to see good momentum with clients. And to the topic you mentioned, we've been building out our semi-liquid products for retail with credit strategies. Our credit strategy is interval funds and our non-traded credit BDC, BDEAT have a combined $1 billion plus of AUM. We received a really important placement for BDEAT as a National Wirehouse, so we think that will be a strong accelerant for organic growth. And then finally, that planned acquisition with GIP is going to really extend our capabilities. We think the business can be a much stronger platform for capital formation of scale and build on this philosophy we have in illiquid alternatives. We also think there's a great opportunity to bring GIP's capabilities to private wealth globally, retail retirement platforms in the U.K. and Europe with the LTIP and LTAP structures. And obviously, we'll keep you updated on our progress.
Martin Small: As I mentioned, we see good base momentum. At the end of Q4, we were running at higher than target. At the end of this quarter, we're at target. And as I mentioned, when we look at the trends over months, not days, we feel like we're half or halfway plus to our target growth. So we've got good base fee momentum. First quarter base fees, excluding securities lending were $3.6 billion, which is up 9% year-on-year, which is largely due to the impact of market movements on AUM and organic growth. And if -- the Q2 entry fee rate ex-fee lending is pretty much flat compared to the Q1 fee rate on a day count equivalent basis. But overall, I think as we see good flows into active with the $15 billion we've had, as I mentioned, retail flows of $7 billion coming in. We see good fee rate trends, which we think are about -- mostly about mix. We focus really on driving organic base fee growth in the most efficient way possible, focusing on the clients, focusing on the investments they want to make. We don't focus on a specific fee rate or product. We focus on the clients and the fee rate is more of an output. But the trends in terms of where we're raising assets on the fee rates we think are good. But as I mentioned, Q2 fee rate -- Q2 entry fee rate excess funding is flat compared to the Q1 fee rate on the same day count.
Martin Small: So on the performance fees of $204 million in the quarter, obviously, they're up about 4x year-on-year. If you could put yourself in a time machine and think back to that first quarter in '23, it was a really difficult market. We had SVB, we had some volume in the rate markets, et cetera. So I think it was a tough time. This quarter, we've really seen good performance coming through on our teams, which has been very, very strong and I think reflected in those performance fees. Rough just is about half of that performance fee is coming from kind of our private equity funds and private equity programs where we had some very successful realizations that Larry talked about last year, which was created in some of the distributions associated with that. And the other half is more in illiquid hedge funds in our strategic equity hedge funds and some of our systematic strategies as well. Ultimately, our goal is to deliver long-term performance with clients and where we see performance fee revenues picking up, obviously, there's healthy alignment there and more supportive markets and stronger markets and strong performance, we'd expect a lot of that leverage to drop to a lower comp to revenue ratio. But ultimately, talent is one of our key investments and we'd expect it to be on a go-forward basis.
Martin Small: Sure. I guess maybe I can start with a little color on the multi-asset flows and then Larry can comment on LifePath Paycheck. So, multi-asset strategy saw inflows in the quarter of about $5 billion after we had a really strong 2023 with $83 billion. Those strong inflows were driven by the continued demand for our LifePath Target Date offerings. And obviously, we see significant growth ahead in that core business but also in the upcoming launch of LifePath Paycheck. Our LifePath Target Date franchise has about $470 billion in assets, generated $9 billion of flows in the first quarter, thanks to the funding of several large mandates. We have about an organic growth rate of 8%. So we're leading the market there in terms of growth and we continue to outperform relative to the industry. Again, we're building on a strong core business there. We had $25 billion of flows in '23, which was about 7% growth. We're the number one DC investment-only, DCIO firm. We have 70,000 DC plans and we're the only provider, I think that's really global. Most of the assets at BlackRock are investing to finance retirement, and we've been at the forefront of innovation and advocacy for retirement solutions throughout our history. It's a key part of our growth. And the innovation that we're doing in LifePath Paycheck, we think is exciting and a significant area of our future organic growth.
Martin Small: As we mentioned, we had about $67 billion of iShares inflows in the first quarter, led by core fixed income. I bet the business is running in a very strong way, high single-digit asset growth, mid-single-digit base fee growth. All the trends globally are very strong. But we have been stressing and I'm glad for the question, just the real strength and competitive position of the iShares business in Europe. European iShares continues to lead the market with about 30% market share of inflows that's 2x the inflows of the number two player. And our inflows exceed the two and three players combined. Our iShares franchise in Europe is $850 billion AUM that's bigger than next five players combined. So we think we have a real outsized opportunity to grow ETFs in the U.K. and Europe. And obviously, the competitive dynamics there, I think are very, very different than they are here in the United States in terms of the buying units, how buying units are sold. This is largely a private banking market that uses exchange traded funds through discretionary private management programs and iShares is really a very strong and preferred provider. I want you to think about it this way. The United States built trillions and trillions of dollars ETF business with a national best bid, best offer system, a unified securities regulator, national exchange. Europe has more fragmented markets and has been growing, growing and growing. So we really see, obviously, regulation is trending favorable in Europe, the buying dynamics as very favorable and iShares is in a great market leadership position there, we think to post outsized growth.
