Laurence D. Fink: Sure. Well, first and foremost, clients want to put money to work. They’re pausing, that’s certainly true. I think we’re seeing an anomaly right now. We’re seeing – if you look at our ETF flows since Brexit, I would say the majority of those inflows are probably are institutional. Because at the same time, I’m sure you’re looking at the data, there’s still outflows in mutual funds which tells you, obviously retail are still selling, but that the divergence is quite stark, and shocking to see that type of differential. The dialogues we’re having with clients are, as I said as robust as possible. Some clients are looking to put money to work. The issue is some clients who have regulatory issues for capital issue, investing in bond yields at this time, it gets it more difficult. Some of them are looking to invest in dividend stocks. And so, I believe we’re going to see more unlocking of money over the course of the next 12 months. I can’t predict whether it’s the third quarter, but I’m particularly surprised at the sheer volume of inflows in iShares in the first 14 days of the month, which is public so I could talk about it. And the dialogue we’re having institutional and we’ve seen good flows in, and awards in alternatives already this quarter. So it is not as – I wouldn’t call it to be as systematic and easy. It is more periodic and idiosyncratic depending on the clients needs. But this is a time for us to be in front of our clients more than ever before, as they are questioning their asset allocation, where should they put money, how should they think about it? And so, Michael, I can’t predict one quarter over another. But what I can say, over a long period of time, there is huge pent-up demand, and I believe we will be more involved than ever before. I can’t say that about the industry though.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I think we’ve been consistent in saying we’re continuing to grow our illiquid alts business. I said, just from the last question, we have been awarded one or two mandates already this quarter in the alt space. I think across the board, we’re well-positioned. It really depends on what category. You mentioned infrastructure. We have a huge emphasis in this. We are continuing to hire people there. We are in dialogue with many different parts of the world related to infrastructure investing. As we find those investments, it’s very easy to find the capital. So as you know, we have a $30 billion real asset platform, $15 billion in fund to funds of private equity. We continue to see growth in private credit. We’re well-positioned in some of these products. Other products, we are not as well positioned as others. But importantly, I could say with absolute confidence, the positioning we have in the alt space with our clients has never been more robust. And obviously, we are not as – in some of the platforms, we’re not as strong, because it was not one of our core competencies 15 years ago, and we’ve been building it. We did a – we have an institutional client survey. And in that survey, we did determine that 53% of our clients are going to be reallocating more into alts and real assets. So I think that feeds what you just asked. And so, we believe we’re in a very good position for it. I would argue though, some of the asset classes, the reason why they have done poorly in the alternative space is, because there’s so much money chasing this, so few investments.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I don't know much more. As we said in the last quarter, we are supportive of rules that enhanced investor protection. We are highly enthusiastic with roles that give more confidence to investors that they believe at a level playing field so they could invest. And if we can see that confidence build and unlock some of this huge cash holdings, we're in a very good position. So I want to put that into context of what is being proposed. We certainly don't know the end results of how liquidity is going to be addressed, the disclosures related to liquidity, we know in the proposed document that the SEC is looking at, different buckets how you analyze and risks they are going to set a limit to, the illiquid bucket of 15%. Overall, we have been very supportive of these rules and we believe there is a need for better disclosure related to the composition of all portfolios. As you know, we have been founded on a culture of understanding and managing the risks and importantly, it is rules like the liquidity rule or even the DOL rule that I believe some of the foundational reasons why we see accelerated interests and having a dialogue with us in a risk platform or risk technology for Aladdin. So I don't know much more than that Bill but we are a constructive participant in the dialogue with the SEC and we hope that we have that transparency in all the funds and understanding so people – investors can understand what are the embedded liquidity risks in these funds and we don't know how they are going to respond to the differentiation between a mutual fund and ETF or how they look at them differently. So we don't know enough and we will wait and see when they come out with a final common period, final proposal for another common period.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I think that that is a trend, that is a trend, but I think it's more than that. I think it is as I said, I think some of the great growth in the fixed income ETF platform is related to the illiquidity in some of the marketplaces – if people are looking for exposures, they can go buy an ETF for that type of exposures. But we believe the marketplace – like we do agree with the notion of what BWC has suggested, that ETFs are going to continue to grow, and maybe double in size. I think the big thing Eric, maybe a bigger issue is, we're seeing a redefinement of active.  As you heard, we're making our investments – our investments are our smart beta which is a form of active, it's not – we call it tethered active but it is a form of active. We are talking about using factors as analysis and our minimum volatility ETF is a great way of getting Active – some form of active returns through a ETF platform. So I think its technology using different instruments like ETFs. Like more importantly, I think preferences are changing so the old way of investing maybe just as in categories of market capitalization is certainly going to be changing. And so I think it's more than just a preference out of active into passive.  I am a big believer that active will play a role in the future, so let's be clear about it. We believe whether it is – alternative is an active product. We are a big believer that and in some categories like in Asian equities and components and European equities and in some areas in the U.S. equity market where active returns can and shall outperform it's over index. But I think what you're seeing also is a trend that iShares are taking some share away of people buying individual stocks.  That's one thing that I think – and maybe iShares is taking away from buying individual bonds. These are things that the dynamics that are changing, we are seeing more investors talk about asset allocation instead of individual stocks, and I think probably the most – more than I want to just allude to, obviously the last four months we've seen some really accelerated outflows, we, the industry, in active equities, I would not write it off over a long cycle and I would just give you a better perspective on BlackRock.  We had eight quarters in a row of positive flows. And so, I'm not – I don't know if this is a beginning of a trend, but we all should pay attention. But I do believe it is the technology of ETFs, the simplicity of ETFs, a quick, easy way of getting exposures is now driving more demand in those products, and we believe they will continue to drive demand. And as I said, we do believe the ETF business will double in size in the next five years.
Laurence D. Fink: So – really good question. I don't' have much better insight than probably you do at the moment. We are having constant conversation with all our distribution partners. There are some partners who believe the DOL will be revolutionary for their business and there are some of our distribution partners who believe it's evolutionary. It does mean change for the business, and I think we're very well positioned for those changes in the business. As I said it in our first quarter results that once again, if better understanding, better outcome for the ultimate investor which leads to more investable assets out of cash, that's all good for the ecosystem of our distribution partners and really good for the asset management industry. Two, I think it's most certainly as you raise the question related to Aladdin for Wealth; most certainly I think the DOL and the responsibilities under the DOL, it's going to need a much tighter risk management oversight culture with all the clients. And we are having robust dialogues with everybody on the uptake of Aladdin for Wealth, and we'll see how that plays out. I don't have anything tangible yet to say but I will say we are in very deep dialogue, and I am very optimistic that there will be uptake for Aladdin for Wealth. And I do believe, as I said, the DOL puts much more responsibility on the firm, on the financial adviser to act in a fiduciary way. There is a big dialogue – as we know that DOL is only about retirement assets, the big dialogue is does that force an upgrading of fiduciary standards for all the business that could be debated among different people. So I don't know what it means as outcome. I think the positive side – so I'm taking this in the long run a positive for most distribution partners. I think they will have – they have to obviously have much more oversight and understanding of the client asset as a fiduciary. But I do believe that they are going to have more centralization. I think they're going to have almost more like the European model where you have CIOs who determine which mutual funds, what platform. And as you know because we talked about the European experience now for at least eight years and one of our strong positioning in Europe with that CIO model. I believe the DOL rule will move the U.S. more to a CIO model. Obviously, we know it's going to move for those that are appropriate work to a advisory model instead of a commission-based model. And for those client that have that advisory relationship it builds a deeper relationship between the client and the distribution partner, and their advisor. And I believe because our scale, our positioning, we will be a huge beneficiary of that positioning.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, if anything, we've had it in that 25 basis point increase in the United States, so actually money market funds in many cases are in a better position today than they were a year ago. You're seeing, as you suggested, a flattening of the yield curve. I actually don't believe, I mean, we saw the 10 year go down to as low as what, 1.35%, and we're at 1.47% right now at I last looked, 1.46%. The two year note is still trading at 66 basis points, or approximately around that area. If the U.S. goes down that path, and we're reversing that increase, and indeed the Federal Reserve needs to ease, that's a whole different issue.  I don't see that as an outcome at this moment. I believe the U.S. economy is growing – not as well as we want it to be, but I think we will see a 2% economy this year, which would tell – and we still have plus or minus, a 5% unemployment rate in this country. So despite all of the headwinds and uncertainties, I don't see at this time, a Federal Reserve that turns itself into a central bank that has to aggressively ease. And so, it may delay their path towards normalizing of interest rates, but I don't see any possibility at this moment that they will be forced to going back into an easing mode. I think the actions of the Bank of England today is another good example. Marketplace anticipated an easing. They suggested in their commentary, that they are going to possibly ease in August, and looking for more data.  So if the UK growth rate does fall like we at BlackRock anticipate, it doesn't mean it falls worldwide. It moves around. And I would tell you very clearly, the U.S. economy is still, the area where people want to invest worldwide. And I don't see that – I don't see the atmosphere where I have to worry about money market funds in the United States any time soon. I think we're going to live in this environment of low rate for a long time though.
Laurence D. Fink: Yes, so the private credit business is really one that is very customized, and very specific to the institutional investor, that is looking to find uncorrelated investments in the marketplace that you'd say are a little outside of the box. And we put together a very, very strong team, that has backgrounds in private equity, in venture capital, in credit, and using all of the resources that we have. And you can imagine across BlackRock, there are so many resources and so many types of transactions that we see, we never really had a pocket of money to take advantage of those opportunities. So putting this group together, we have been able to source transactions from all across the globe for these institutional clients, that while they're a little outside of the box, the risk tolerance fits very perfectly. The return profile in most of these cases is double-digit returns, and they are not correlated at all with various parts of the market to basically diversify their portfolios. So the other part of this, which is quite interesting, is that they come in very large sizes. So these institutions that are looking to invest here, are north of $1 billion type mandates. The struggle for many institutions in this, is to get the money invested. We haven't had a problem in finding the opportunities, we just never really went after them. So this is an area that we continue to add resources to. We continue to use and coordinate within the firm to source assets for this, and we’re very optimistic. And quite frankly, when we’re sitting down with a lot of the large institutions, this is exactly what they’re looking for. And I might add, one of the things that we’re going to have Mark Wiseman when he comes in, is also help us to source these assets. Because at his previous job, he is one of the guys that’s in the forefront of the industry that has been able to source, and find these type of investments outside of the box. So they’re very customized, long-term, very large mandates that require a significant team, significant resources. And we have it, and we’re very optimistic on this in the future.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I really truly want to just say thank you for joining us, and your continued interest in BlackRock. I can promise you, we will continue to evolve our business to enhance the differentiating platform of BlackRock’s diverse and global platform. I could also proudly tell you, that our dialogue with our clients have never been deeper, more robust, and when those opportunities prevail, we will be a component of their future allocations. Our relentless focus on always improving the Firm will drive that future growth, and we’ll continue to create that long-term value for you as our shareholders, and I believe we’re in a good position to do that. With that, have a good quarter. Hopefully, it will be a little less volatile in, the remainder of the quarter, but it started off as a really good quarter for BlackRock. Thanks. Have a good one.
