Robert Kapito: So, Craig, it’s Rob here. As you know, so far, the volatility has disrupted all of the traditional portfolio allocations. It’s a rare moment when both equities and bonds have declined in value. So, the traditional 60-40 allocations are very out of balance and the hedge between stocks and bonds has certainly weakened. So, portfolio liquidity profiles have been impacted. And what I mean by that is many institutions have gone to their maximum in alternative or private equity allocations, hoping to fund that from the liquid portion, meaning the equity side and the bond side. And now with that liquid portion declining, they are short in the demands to draw down for private equity allocations, which are also probably declined this quarter. So, they are going to have to rebalance and they are going to have to get closer to their target allocations. And this means that there is a lot of money that’s going to be reallocated and clients are going to need a partner with the comprehensive capabilities that Larry was just discussing to rethink their target allocations and to rethink the models that they are using. And BlackRock today, I believe, is the only global asset manager that can meet those client demands in every reallocation scenario whether moving to fixed income, equity cash or private markets or indexed or active on a diversified platform that could reposition this portfolio. And what they are looking for is inflation protection. They are looking for solutions for a rising rate environment. They are looking for cash solutions. They are looking for more private equity and in some point, liquidity in private equity and they are looking for outsourcing partners because not only is this complex, but the operational cost and efficiencies play a very, very big role in that. Now during the last several years, keep in mind the market structure has changed. And it’s changed that reallocations are not being done in individual stocks and bonds, but they are being done in indexed and ETFs because they are cheaper, better, faster, and more liquids. And that plays exactly into the strategy that we have outlined. And that is one of the reasons why during this volatile period, we have seen inflows into the ETF and index markets. So, I hope that answers the question, and we are predicting that this volatility and this reallocation is only going to increase as rates continue to rise, we see volatility in equity markets and these portfolio reallocations have to occur.
Robert Kapito: Yes, I do. I know that people that are long fixed income don’t like to see rising rates. However, with this environment, it’s actually going to be a good thing for many institutions who need fixed income in their portfolios to meet their long-term goals. So, we expect to see a lot of allocation and it’s not only going to go to fixed income ETFs. It’s going to go the top performing and diversified fixed income funds that have been consistently performing. So, what I would expect is that people that use large cap dividend paying stocks as a surrogate for fixed income during this period of very, very low rates, will now reverse that and be able to get some yield into that portfolio that they desperately need for the long-term. And I expect to see some flows out of what was called high yield and certainly high yield over the last couple of years wasn’t necessarily high yield. And I think there will be the demand for treasuries for U.S. investment grade, munis and tips and a lot of that is going to come through ETFs, but it will also come through individual bonds and issues that are being offered by companies going forward.
Robert Kapito: So, I think it’s going to be hard until we assess where the marks came out on alternatives at the end of this quarter. But it’s hard for me to believe that they are going to be up. So, I think just because of the market movement, it’s going to be hard for them to enter into new private equity. And also, there is still a lot of powder dry in the private equity space. But I do think that it’s going to – the reallocations are going to drive more money into fixed income than ever before because the 60-40 mix is pretty simplistic. And within that fixed income space, there are many more flavors today that people have the opportunity to buy and some of those are going to provide some really good inflation protection and just overall good yield that they haven’t been able to get for a long time. So, I think the mix of that 40 is going to be different, and it’s going to ultimately be better for the long-term for our clients. And therefore, there will be more going into fixed income. And secondly, when you see the volatility of equities, there are people that are afraid of that. And they really don’t need it. So, that could also drive more money into fixed income now that it will have a yield.
