Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Ken, I was trying to talk about that. I agree with you, re-risking is a tactical trade. Obviously, in some areas, that may be happening. But the flows that we're seeing institutionally through iShares and mutual funds, it appears to me that people -- the Federal Reserve's actions in terms of persistent low rates and now making, in my mind, fixed income much riskier, it's hard for me to say moving from fixed income products to equities is a re-risking trade. It's more of a diversification of risk trade maybe. And we are seeing very -- beginning to see some large scale, what I'll call, systematic changes in behavior. Since the beginning of the year, we have one large institutional client heavily oriented towards fixed income. They awarded us about $6.5 billion entirely in equities, mostly in index. But in our conversation with the client, it is a reorientation of risk, how they think about it. And as I said, this investor has predominantly been a fixed income investor, and they're diversifying their portfolios accordingly. And so I think these are -- the movements we're beginning to see is -- it's not tactical anymore. It is much more of a secular movement. And I think that will -- even in the ETF flows, you're seeing a consistent flow. If you look at the flows year-to-date, and I'm talking about the first 15, 16 days in ETF, the flows, I think, as an industry are more than 80% in fixed income. This doesn't feel to me that it's a risk on tactical movement. It's people are looking for exposure in more equity-like products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I mean, this one client is a non-U.S. client so tax rates had nothing to do with this one client. It was a global client. I think everyone are looking at different strategies. As you said, I think there is a strong movement towards dividend-oriented products. There is strong movement into beta products, as you barbell, for those clients who are barbelling risk or going into beta products and may be at 20% allocation in the higher alpha products. But it's our view, and this is why we're making these large investments, there's going to be great opportunities in the alpha products. And so I think what you're going to see over the course of a secular trend, which may take 1 to 3 years, maybe longer, you're going to see people, as they get comfortable in equities, maybe through beta products, they're going to start navigating and seeing opportunities in alpha products as long as the risk reward, total return after expenses are greater than the beta products. And so to me, we believe that will be the trend. We're betting on it. We're investing in it. And quite frankly, I'm happy we're not seeing this today because we're building our track record with a lot of our fundamental teams right now. And if the re-risking was going on or the secular change in the active equities today, I'd miss a lot of it because I don't have the duration of time and performance with the new teams. We benefit in some of our teams but not all our teams. So we are pretty pleased with the reorientation into equities chiefly going into beta products. And as we build those relationship with our clients, and this is -- when we did the BGI transaction, I said from the very beginning to a lot of people's skepticism, that having beta and alpha side-by-side is a very strong position. Most people never thought they could be side-by-side. We believe by working with our clients, we're agnostic whether they go into beta or alpha. We want to have a relationship. By having our clients right now going into beta, we know what their emphasis are doing. We know what they're thinking about. And then we now have time as they think to relook at alpha products, that we could have that dialogue. So this is playing totally into our strategy.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Sure, sure. Let me just be precise with it. We have always had a constructive positioning in this. We always believe that we needed to change the money market industry to make it much safer with less systemic risks. We always believe that we need to create a sounder product for our clients and users of the product. So I've always believed that we needed to have a constructive dialogue with the regulators in Europe and in the United States, so we have taken a much more constructive approach than some of our peers over the years on this point. I am very pleased with the movement that we made in this industry. This was led by Goldman Sachs. But I do believe daily NAV is a good step in -- by providing more transparency, which we've always said at BlackRock, we're prepared to do this. And we may disagree with the outcomes and how they -- what ultimately comes and how do we navigate risk, but we're having a constructive dialogue. I do believe that net result will be a safer money market fund industry, and I believe the product will be sound for investors. I'm not here to suggest that we're 100% supporting floating rate NAV. We believe there's other approaches that could probably achieve the same results without a float, but I'm not -- we're going to be constructive on this. But the key element is to make this a product in which our investors see opportunities to invest to make excess returns. At the same time, making sure as an industry, we don't represent real risk for the industry and for society.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Rob Kapito is here as President. He's spending a great deal of time on this. He is the BlackRock board member on our ETF iShares platform. Rob, why don't you just come here and answer that question.
Laurence Douglas Fink: As you know, Bill, we do manage our investments very accordingly to where we see the -- very specifically related to where we believe our margins should be. We made a lot of investments. I don't believe we have to make as large of investments in terms of portfolio teams. Now we need to start beginning to see the revenues there. But we are going to innovate. As Rob discussed, we'll be -- we are investing a lot of money in technology. We are actually investing a lot of money right now in terms of making sure we're compliant with all of the regulatory issues, which I think is going to be a burden, a much greater burden for our competitors because I don't think they have the technology to do that because I think all of us are going to be facing much greater scrutiny in terms of regulation. And this is not just a U.S. phenomenon, it's a global phenomenon. It's true in Japan and Europe and everywhere else. So it is -- it's broad-based, and we're spending a lot of time on that. But no, if we have a stable to upwardly moving markets, there is no reason not to think that our margins can increase and, therefore, we're not going to need to invest as much going forward as you would continue to see margin increases. But look it, I've come a long ways in the last few years. By talking about baseline around 40% margins, and we've been able to deliver -- some of you think I'm a little too pessimistic on how I try to manage margins, but I really do believe -- if I had to think about what we've done the last 3 years in terms of investing and now we're starting to see those benefits of investing, at the same time, very big increases in our margins. So we are -- we will continue to invest where we see appropriate. I will continue to buy fill-in companies in terms of capital management, buying companies that we see -- the opportunities like we saw with Claymore or the Crédit Suisse ETF platform. So it's going to be a mixture of investing and passing through higher margins to our shareholders.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would say what you're also seeing is a number of completions in the setting up of the Aladdin assignments. As you know, the setup of Aladdin, the implementation phase, very low fee, very highly cost in terms of manpower -- of the implementation. And when you begin to now go from implementation to having the full Aladdin setup working for our clients, then the overall fees kick in. And that's also what you're starting to see on the revenue line of Aladdin revenues. And as I always used to say, sometimes we got to balance it out because when you are doing the initiation and the setup of Aladdin, it's -- they're very low fees and very high expenses, harmful for our overall margins. But once that kicks in, obviously it's a net positive in the margins. And so you're seeing the completion of implementations and the beginning in some of these clients of the full Aladdin setup. And as I said, we have an extraordinary pipeline in 2013 in terms of the Aladdin utilization.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, it's hard for me to -- first of all, we do have a strong consistent dividend policy. Then the rest of the capital management I look at are the opportunities we're investing. If I see opportunities in investing that are more creative than share repurchase, I will do more of that. If I don't see as many opportunities -- or we have many opportunities that don't require that much money. Our commitment is to be really robust in our capital management after, as you said, regulatory stuff and all that other stuff. So there could be a moment in which the ratios move quite extraordinary to all share repurchase of our cash to a period of time when we see opportunities, a smaller repurchase program because of opportunities in the inorganic acquisition area. But you should assume, if we believe -- if we are going to do an acquisition -- in every acquisition, it has to be accretive to share repurchase.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, last year, we didn't see that seasonality that we saw all the years before. So we always used to see a huge fourth quarter and outflows in the first quarter. And last year, that did not happen. And so far, this year, we're seeing strong inflows after a strong fourth quarter, which, if this persists, I think it is fair to say there's structural growth in the industry itself. And it certainly feels like there's structural growth in the industry. And as the largest participant in this, we're a beneficiary of that. So I'm not going to make one claim at the moment. I don't think I have enough information. But if we're -- in our conversations with our clients, more and more clients are adopting a utilization of ETFs. In fact, clients today that have heavily used lower fee index funds, they're now saying, "Okay, I want a percent of my index funds to have even greater liquidity." And so they're seeing -- so they're seeing some now investing in higher cost ETFs relative to their index fund, but that allows them with much more flexibility and portability for them in terms of navigating their asset allocations. So you are seeing more utilization, more adaptation of ETFs, I think, worldwide.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, first of all, Vanguard is a tremendous firm, a great competitor. They're a big client of ours. We have never done anything in -- as something that we are -- a fight between BlackRock and Vanguard, that's a topical myth by the media. We are just trying to execute our strategy and provide what we think are great outcomes. We are still in conversation with a number of large-based clients right now on our emerging market product to go into our emerging market ETF. And so specifically, to your question, there are still more flows to come, we think. But let me just cite one other reason. Our tracking error on that product was better than our competitors. And so when -- once again, people just talk about management fees, and we have kept on telling everyone, "You're not looking at the total way how they should be looked at." Especially for institutions who are cognizant of tracking error bid/ask spread among the issues around management fees. And so when we look at our positioning and our -- even in our emerging market product area, we had a very competitive product last year. So it's not just because of a change of index. It is also because, if you look at our success in navigating that portfolio in 2012, we had better tracking error, and we have a very tight bid/ask spread. So you add tracking error bid/ask spread plus the fees, they're very competitive to each other. And that's how we look at everything. And I think the marketplace is starting to recognize it in terms of efficiency for after-tax. No firm can claim better than us. We spend a lot more time in making sure our clients get a complete product, whether that is tracking error, whether that's tax efficiency. So we think about all these things. We just don't think about one dimension. And I do believe it is that consistency of looking at it on behalf of our clients, whether this is the appropriate index, whether we have the right tracking error, whether we are managing to an after-tax return, I think it all comes together that we have a very compelling product.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So as a fiduciary, we have to be relentless in terms of our expenses. We have constant dialogue with our service providers, whether they're index providers or custodial banks, to get the lowest fees possible. At this moment, we have no true desire in buying an index provider. They do a very fine job, but their -- our job is to be a fiduciary, making sure we get the lowest fees, but also helping -- being partners with the index providers. And quite frankly, we believe MSCI provides a great index product. They've done a very good job, in my mind, navigating global index products. And we will continue to work with them, but we will continue to be a fiduciary on behalf of our clients, making sure we have the lowest fees.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I don't -- that's -- I've never -- I don't know that. That's not terribly transparent to me. We -- but it's fair to say this client is heavily dominated by fixed income products by the nature of its liabilities, the nature of what it historically looked at risk. And what they're saying today, that because of low interest rates -- and keep in mind, this is not a dollar-based institution. It's not a U.S. institution. They believe you're going to be able to get higher returns with the appropriate risk. So it was an extraordinary amount of reallocation into equities and we are a benefit of that. We having dialogues with many global institutions now about this whole idea of relooking at equities, and I think this is going to be one of the major themes of 2013. And as I said, I don't know if this is -- we should call this a re-risking strategy anymore. That's my new view. It's looking at, on a risk-adjusted basis, where -- on a relative value, where you can have the most appropriate returns. And so I think you're going to see movement -- more movement into equities, and this has been my overall theme personally for the last 2 years, and it's now starting to manifest in behavior with our clients.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No question. There are going to be some -- especially on the retail side, you're going to see people looking for more -- a global allocation-type of product, giving the management of a fund the responsibility of allocating across sector and product and region. So it really depends. So a lot of clients believe they could do that themselves. They have their own CIO, and they're using our products as vehicles in doing so. And other ones are going to say, "Why don't you guys do that on top of what we already asked you to do?" So I don't view it as one trend in that. It really depends on the specificity of a client. Does the client have their own CIO? Do they not? How do the clients think about it? Do the clients have consultants -- if a client has a consultant, they may think a little differently because a consultant will do the allocation, working alongside with the client. So I don't think there's one prescribed behavior. I am pleased to say that we are in dialogue with many clients working alongside with their consultants, working directly with the clients in terms of talking about risk exposures in a low rate environment.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I hope our barbelling at BlackRock continues and we have just as great a performance fees, if not greater. I am very pleased to pay a lot of comp when our teams pay -- provide the returns that they did. So I'm not going to make a judgment on that, but if -- there's no question, if more and more money goes into beta products, then you would see changes in the comp line in terms of that behavior. But our success will be -- if a lot of money goes into beta, there is going to be money going into the alternative strategies that we get a component of that, too.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Actually, with -- one of our recent teams that we brought on we're actually in the process of potentially having a big block of assets moving to BlackRock. So -- but if we have the performance with our new teams where -- we will not see the outflow. So I don't -- I think we're chiefly behind. I know of one area where we -- I think in the first quarter we're going to see some outflows, but it's very modest. But in all the other cases, I think those outflows are chiefly behind us. And as I said, we're now seeing -- we're now in dialogue of a big block going into one of our new team's products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, there's no regulatory changes for sec lending. There was a non -- there was a group that's talking about sec lending, but it was -- there's nothing -- that was not a regulatory statement. It was just a group that's saying there should be issues. So that's not -- we're going to have more supervision. We're going to have to be more buttoned down. We're prepared to be working with all our regulators and providing more data, more research. To me, that's going to be -- we're going to see a lot more scrutiny and much more need for information to our regulators worldwide. So it's not -- it's something we're living with. We're not fighting. It's just part of our business. But I don't -- we're going to see in Europe the whole changes in retrocessions, so the -- that is going to be probably the biggest change. How do you reward your distributors? How do distributors make money in an area where there's no retrocessions? That's going to be the big change in 2013 in Europe. And quite frankly, I think, worldwide, that question is being asked. How transparent are the costs of execution? How transparent are the costs of information to the retail clients going to be? And how does that impact manufacturers like BlackRock and everyone else? But we're in front of it. We believe we are navigating this quite successfully. As you know, part of our investment in teams, we have teams in Brussels and we have teams in Washington working with our regulators. And so we're involved in that. That was part of our investment, making sure we are considered a constructive information provider to our regulators that we're helping them think about risks and thinking about how they should navigate going forward. So it is just part of our business, and we're not fighting it. And we're building the functionality to provide the information that our clients -- that our regulators are going to ask of us. And I would underscore -- they're going to ask us for that information. They're going to ask every one of our competitors. Maybe that's one of the reasons why Aladdin is picking up more an accelerated type of request for Aladdin because we're going to be in a pretty good position by having our Aladdin position, by providing the transparency of information to regulators. I can't say that about a lot of other firms, and that could be why we're seeing more inquiry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hopefully, everybody enjoys 2013. And let's hope Washington gets its act together and that we could have a sensible solution in terms of our deficits. And if we have that, we can have a very productive year in our markets. That is, in my mind, the biggest drag to our economy. The economy is not dragging by itself, but Washington is dragging our economy by inaction and importantly, confusion. So I'll leave it at that. Thanks, everyone. Thanks to all the employees. I look forward to talking to everybody after the first quarter.
Robert Steven Kapito: So Bill, we see -- we still see a lot of demand in the emerging market sector because clients are still a bit confused as to how to take advantage of the individual areas in the emerging markets, and this gives clients great diversification very quickly with liquidity in that market. So we think that is an area that's going to continue to grow. We also see a significant amount of people that are looking for buy and hold, and that's why we created the new Core Series. And we're starting to see a lot of interest in that Core Series, especially from the individual investor. And that's very exciting and that's why we created that, so we'll continue to be talking about that. And then, of course, we have some innovations that we're going to introduce into the marketplace. One is an ETF that's going to look a bit like a bond but have all the benefits of an equity and the attributes of a bond. And with all people struggling right now to find diversification in the bond market, we think this will be a very liquid and transparent way to get into that market. So we're bringing the BlackRock innovation into the ETF market. And we hope in the next several months to make several introductions into this market with products that we think are very, very much in demand from our clients, both in fixed income and in equities. And I would say the other 2 areas that we're very excited about, of course, is the high-yield area. As people look for more income and diversification, the HYG product that we have continues to grow, and we have top decile managers in that area in the active space. And then we also have the ETF space to offer them product as well. And lastly, with the continued demand for income, our dividend income ETFs are also seeing a lot of interest. So we're very bullish on the products that we currently have. But we're going to bring the BlackRock innovation to bear very, very shortly, and we'll be introducing those into the market. You'll hear a lot about them.
Robert Steven Kapito: So like institutional investors that are trying to get some more yield and better returns in a low rate environment, the retail investor has also now started to look for alternative investments. Previous -- in previous years, you had to be an accredited investor, and there wasn't a wrapper that was sufficient to be able to sell to the individual investors. And over the last several years, we've cracked that code and have been able to create mutual funds that have alternative type investments in them. We have launched a series of these mutual funds now that have alternative type investments in them in the various sectors, whether they be anything from commodities, real estate and almost quasi hedge fund-like products that we are already seeing some very strong demand and have interest from all of the wire house systems to be the manufacturer of that particular product for their distribution. So we expect that to continue. The second area that I would put in alternatives would be model-based investing where a lot of the individual investors are also clamoring for more yield. And that is going to be distributed through models that we are going to provide to the distribution houses where they will either execute the trades based upon our models, or we will execute the trades, and a good portion of that is going to be in alternative investments. So today, there is much better wrappers and much better products that are going to allow the individuals to invest. And we expect to play a very big role in the manufacturing of that product for the individual investor.
Robert Steven Kapito: So there are both sides to that. There are those that want to take more risk in those, and there are those -- there are probably more people that want a risk-managed approach to the multi-asset product. And there, again, we're doing the same thing for the individual investor that we're doing for the retail investor. I would just say that the space has become very crowded because a lot of the smaller hedge funds are crowding into spaces such as the distressed areas such as the credit area. But the biggest piece of that is going to be what we're going to call "outcome type" products where people are looking for a specific outcome and -- or you can describe that as target date. And we're putting together those type of products in the multi-asset area that I don't think a lot of our competitors are really thinking about. And that takes a lot of technology and risk management in order to provide the appropriate outcome to the type of investor that's there. So in the generic hedge fund, distressed type multi-asset, there we're seeing a lot of competition. But in the multi-asset where it's more risk managed, target date, outcome oriented, that's where we're really going to be able to grow. One area that we have that you'll notice, we're working on the performances, our global allocation product. It's a flagship product. Over any 10-year period you want to look at, it's had stellar performance. Last year, our performance was not as good as some of our other competitors, and that's because we had a little less risk on it. But the long-term performance is very good, and it's a go anywhere-type of product, global-type product that clients will continue to look for, and we have a good long-term record in that. And we hope to continue to raise more assets in it.
