Robert Kapito: So, Craig, the two answers are yes and yes. And that is because, currently yields are back, but I think in general, most people think that yields are going to continue to rise. So they are preparing for, what I would call, a generational change in the fixed income market. Because you can actually earn attractive yields without taking much duration or credit risk. And if you go back clients shifted towards illiquid investments over the last decade to get those returns, but while there is still demand for the private markets to diversify and pursue outperformance, investors as you know, can get most of that yield and their liabilities and meet them through bonds and we are so well-positioned for that both with our $3.4 trillion fixed income and cash platform. So to give you some numbers, 80% of all fixed income is now yielding over 4%. This is a pretty remarkable shift in our history. We're calling this a once-in-a-generation opportunity. There is finally income to be earned in the fixed-income market and we are expecting a resurgence in demand. Now, you touched on something very important, the cash market, this is not the last stop for that cash and there are trillions now. I think the number is around $7 trillion in money market accounts that is ready when people feel that rates have peaked to flood the fixed income market and we need to position ourselves to capture that. How do you do that? One is by product and the other is by performance. And we saw positive fixed-income mutual fund flows in the quarter, led by our high-yield total return and muni franchises, we have strong long-term investment performance with 90% of taxable fixed-income AUM above the benchmark or peer median for the five-year period. So with strong performance, a diversified product offering, we're just in the right spot to take active fixed-income share as investors look to capitalize on these opportunities for alpha in the bond market. I wanted to add one other point about fixed income. We anticipate that bond ETFs are going to be used alongside of our top-performing active offerings. And I know that, because in the first half of the year, we saw $12 billion in active fixed-income net inflows alongside of $68 billion from bond ETFs. So, on the active side, we believe there is finally an opportunity for alpha and that hasn't been there as much as it is in many years. So keep in mind, bond ETFs are also increasingly being used by active managers for liquidity management, hedging, and efficient tactical asset allocation. And in fact, nine of the top 10 global asset managers now use iShares. And then lastly, we have over 450 bond ETF choices, which is more than five times the next largest issuer diversified across exposures and the yield curve. We also have the most diversified client base, including Wealth Advisors, Active Managers, Insurance Companies, Pensions, and other institutions. And lastly, through the capital markets expertise here, we're advising clients on new use cases for bond ETFs, such as replacing more expensive futures or swaps as cash and liquidity instruments and as tools for large-scale portfolio transitions. So the answer is yes and yes. In the iShares fixed-income ETFs, we had leading industry flows now $35 billion in the second quarter. So this is one of the biggest opportunities that we have in front of us and we believe we're going to be able to capture those opportunities.
Robert Kapito: So, you know, we're supportive of any efforts to improve the resiliency and transparency of U.S. Money Market Funds, but non-government institutional money market funds which were really the main focus of the rules are a very small part of our cash business, ours is U.S. government funds and separate accounts, that's really the bulk of our assets. And of course, we have a diverse set of cash offerings including money market funds and separate accounts, ETFs. ETF is another short-duration strategy. So we're going to work together with our clients as they consider the best tools for their liquidity management and we will continue to review the regulatory rules to see what impact that could have on our business, which I think is quite limited. But remember, in asset allocation and when there's money in motion, it moves to cash, it moves to longer-term assets, it's something you must have as a liquidity tool to do all the things that clients need to do. And since we're going to be I think a beneficiary of the long-term assets, going after corporations and treasury management and other institutions for their cash, puts us in the game in a much better way than if they're just coming into our products from the outside. So it's an important business for us. It also is a business which has to do with performance and it also has to do with quality. And as you've seen issues in the banking industry and other issues in the markets, people look for the high-quality and they look for the brand, and we have that. So we're very optimistic and we will continue to really build our sales force to continue to be a leader in the cash management business, knowing that it's also going to lead to other opportunities for us.
Robert Kapito: Well, first of all, thanks for the question. I think the transition investing is probably one of the greatest opportunities in the world today. The dialogs that we're having with governments worldwide. Very unique. There's not a government that is not focus on this, especially for countries that are dependent on importation of power. They're all looking for different ways across-the-board in terms of how do they successfully navigate their economy. Energy and power is becoming one of the dominant conversations and then through the United States, IRA. We are seeing just huge interests with. U.S and non-U.S companies. Coming into the United States and take advantage of the opportunities that present to us in terms of elevated returns because the IRA. And so we look at this as a multi-year growth opportunity. We are working. We announced. As I said earlier, my talk about the Acacia energy the largest. Battery storage capability in the world. And that just has set us. And the conversations we're having with other countries related to that type of activity, it's becoming. Is becoming much conversational component of what we're doing. So we look at this, is it a significant, we're talking 10s and 10s of trillions of dollars. Market opportunity. Now if you overlay. More-and-more issues around debt to GDP in more-and-more countries, more-and-more countries are going to have to look to private capital. It cannot be funded by the public sector. And that is one of the great positioning opportunity for BlackRock relationships worldwide. We have that unique opportunity. Present with us. Two, as I talked about proprietary origination. We're having more-and-more conversations with more-and-more corporations and how do they think about their platform related to decarbonization and that we are we have deep and broad conversations with traditional energy companies and how are they going to be focused on sequestration of carbon, they own the geology. BlackRock already has one of the largest. Sequestration projects in the United States in Navigators CO2. And that is another good example and it is those type of reference investments that are giving us greater and greater opportunity and. I do believe our positioning of our global platform, working with more-and-more governments talking about public-private types of investments. At the same time, working with corporations and how do they move forward, really gives us our unique opportunity for many-many years ahead. To be partnering with them. In terms of corporations, many shareholders are questioning how corporations should move forward some shareholders don't think they should move forward in that area. And then in that case some of the companies are asking us, can we co-invest with them. Some companies are looking to expand in various different ways and they did they just don't happen generation of capital to doing that to the speed in which they are looking-forward to doing that and so between our relationships. Companies with our broad relationships with governments, gives us a real opportunity to be one of the leaders in the transition, and I believe this is this is going to be a multi-year global opportunity for BlackRock.
