Laurence D. Fink: I’m going to open it up and then I’ll let Gary really get into some of the details. We are very excited about our flows and the situation we have in alternatives. We have returned some large pools of money back to our investors. We had huge [inaudible] mortgage strategies that we liquidated in July that were quite successful to our investors and so that is a decline in our assets. But in our illiquid strategies we do not put those assets under AUM until those monies are invested. So we have a firm commitment for those monies, and that’s now totaling $7 billion of flows over the last few years and they continue to grow, and we put those monies to work over the course of the next several years. So in reality, we are recycling our alternatives strategy quite successfully and I believe the momentum is accelerating towards more opportunities for BlackRock in the hedge fund arena. I’ll let Gary go into some specifics, but the macro number masks the successes we’ve been having. 
Laurence D. Fink: Ken, we have not seen one example where our scale and our presence with our clients are being impacted. We actually won some business from one client already in the DC side where when we did the BGI merger they were concerned about our large presence within their plans. Over the course of the years they’ve become accustomed to our large presence and they’ve indeed since then awarded us more business. Well, we’ve been awarded more business again from them.  So we’re not seeing any evidence of that at the moment. I think importantly, more and more clients are separating the amount of business we have in beta products versus alpha products so I think we’re in a very good position now to take on a larger share of wallet with more clients.
Laurence D. Fink: Where are you identifying the flows? Are you doing it in the mutual area? What people can’t see is what’s going on on the institutional side and let me just highlight the institutional side. On the institutional side, generally consultants determine how given managers are perceived and if there’s changes in perception there’s money in motion. That’s a slow process, in some cases it’s going to take quarters, maybe even a year. But we have had more buy recommendations added to BlackRock in the last few months mainly because of our five year success in performance.  So much of it had to do with the timing of our success. There is not a single event that is stimulating some of this it is just because the consistency of our positioning in fixed income and obviously because the events that you’re alluding to there’s been more change. We are seeing more opportunities over the next quarters and years of money in motion into various fixed income strategies. What we are seeing more and more clients looking at, they’re looking for outcomes, they’re looking for solutions. They’re not moving money across asset categories so most of the money, if it is being moved, it’s being moved from one fixed income to another fixed income player and then you’re seeing biases moving. The one area where we’ve just been awarded a big assignment is a big institution that would have been awarding us something in the total return side of fixed income and they determined to award us a large assignment in the unconstrained fixed income. So that’s where we’re seeing the biases change but there is a lot of money in motion going from total return in one shop to another shop and I believe there is quite a bit of movement today in the institutional side that should show up worldwide in the next few quarters.
Laurence D. Fink: It’s still too early to determine how much is going – it’s fair to say there’s a sizeable opportunity. It’s in the 10s of billions of dollars. We’ve seen recent strong momentum but it’s going to play out over quarters and maybe a year and as I said, it’s going to be – in the core fixed income strategies it’s going to be in the unconstrained fixed income strategies.  You may see people, and I think there is evidence that you’re seeing some people moving into ETFs and maybe this is as a holding pattern. But I just want to underscore we are seeing this type of flows because of our five years of performance. I just want to remind everybody that we had $48 billion of flows in the first nine months and so we continue to just think it is all about performance, it is all about positioning, it is also because of our strength in beta and alpha products and fixed income.  So it is our platform that has also differentiated and our global positioning. But as I said this is a sizeable opportunity and there is increased momentum.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just also want to say that I don’t want to dismiss the institutional index business and we love it, we think it’s a growth area, we think it’s a very important connector with our clients as I discussed earlier especially on the DC side which is really an institutional component and it’s a connector to so many of our other businesses. That’s the opportunity of it. Obviously, Gary and team will look at how we can better account so you have a better understanding of our growth rates and our revenues. But we don’t want to dismiss a great component of our business.
Laurence D. Fink: As I said earlier Bill, I don’t think CL is a negative, I think CL has proven to be a positive for us and we have plenty of growth opportunities in our unconstrained area. That’s going to be the area where we will ultimately have capacity issues but we have measured that and we have a lot of bandwidth to continue to grow in our unconstrained strategies. This is something we look at with our strategic product management group. This is the group that is trying to design new products and trying to eliminate products that are underwhelming.  I think that’s another reason why we are winning so much business in some many different fixed income strategies. I think the highlight is it’s not just the active fixed. We actually won some inactive fixed, and unconstrained fixed, and iShares fixed income. We’re seeing inquiry in our model based fixed. It is the scale and breadth of our fixed income platform across the globe, is the reason why we’re having so much dialog with the consultants worldwide and it is allowing us to be well positioned for that money that is moving. 
Laurence D. Fink: I would say overall the markets are performing quite well. There have only been a few circumstances where you’ve seen really [inaudible] type of trading behaviors in the last few months. In any one single day or single week you may have seen some spreads widening but over a course of a two to three month period of time they narrow back. I think there’s been some great consistency across the fixed income market. That said, we are worried about the liquidity in the fixed income markets, especially in the corporate bond area where there is just so many different [inaudible] and so many different issuances and there’s no consistency and importantly this is a big role that the investment bankers and Wall Street play in terms of providing balance sheet and navigating your positioning within the fixed income universe and that balance sheet has been reduced significantly and so it does, at times, present liquidity issues. This is why we have been so loud in stating that we need a more expedient adoption of electronic protocols and markets. I do believe this is one of the areas where regulators need to focus. I spoke about this at an [IMS] session this past weekend, that I think it’s imperative that we focus on this. As the regulators have put more capital demands on banks, by definition the capital markets are playing a larger and larger role in terms of financing corporations and financing different organizations.  With that in mind now, we need to be focusing on how to improve the capital markets in making sure they provide a stable, a mechanism for buying and selling securities. We’re in this transition phase right now and the faster and sooner we have this adaptation of electronic trading the sooner we have standardization of some form of corporate bond issuance, and then importantly we need behavioral changes across the board.  This is going to take time and so the worry we have is do we have enough time before there’s a true liquidity event that really destabilizes the market. This is why I said in my prepared statement, we need to be working with regulators to make sure we have a more stable trading environment. We are the biggest beneficiaries in the world as the largest asset manager. We benefit when there’s greater liquidity. We need to make sure that our clients believe that investing is safe for them too so this is key. Now, in saying that though, because we are a large client of all the different firms worldwide, if there’s balance sheet that is off or just because of our relationships, we have an advantage but that’s not a lasting type of thing and this is why we are so much in front, whether it’s writing or working with regulators, working with the street to build a more robust electronic market.
Laurence D. Fink: The last comment Gary just said I think is really key as you think about BlackRock. I think we have a unique business model, a unique culture that is differentiating us and once again allowing us to deliver a strong third quarter. We have never been as well positioned to meet the needs of our clients worldwide and I think clients are turning to us more than ever before because of the consistency over 26 years of a comprehensive and deliberate process of focusing on our culture, our team, our technology, and our talent and I think this is very critical. As I said earlier in my prepared remarks, when we combine our people, and our technology, and our risk management on top of our investment platform and wrap it up with one common BlackRock culture, the totality of the firm comes together and it serves our clients well. I can say in the fourth quarter and going forward we’re going to just be as intently focused on achieving our performance, on strengthening our leadership relationships with our clients, continuation of developing our talent. As Gary said it really well, our highly diversified platform allows our investors to have a greater stability with more consistent growth than any other asset manager and I’ll leave it at that. Thanks everyone. Talk to you at the end of the fourth quarter.
Gary S. Shedlin: Rob, no one would like this to be a little cleaner and simpler to understand than I would and we spend a lot of time on it. But we’ve got about $113 billion of total alts of which we classify $88 billion of those effectively as core and we strip out currency and commodities from that when we think about the core business. I think obviously, as Larry mentioned, return on capital, it does complicate the matter a little bit. I mean, obviously, this quarter alone we had return on capital of a little over a billion which effectively matched about a little less than a billion of new commitments that we raised in the current quarter.  Year-to-date, our return of capital is about $2.8 billion and that was again versus last year where it was close to $3 billion. It’s clear that over the last two years, I guess since the beginning of ’13 and Larry mentioned we’ve raised about $9 billion in commitments and I think, you know, candidly we’re looking for the right opportunities. In a perfect world perhaps we would have invested some of that money a little quicker to basically match the timing better. But you know obviously, we’re not going to put client interests behind what happens in our core flows in terms of return on capital versus putting the assets in the ground. It also is impacted by a lot of ins and outs which, you know, is frankly the same phenomena that impacts some of our institutional index business. But, if we basically look excluding the return on capital, and I know this is a little unfair, but if we effectively exclude kind of one larger hedge fund that has frankly been a little more challenged in the last year or so and the way we look at the core health of the business, that would put up about $1.4 billion of core alts flows in the quarter with retail alts being about $400 million of that and institutional being about a billion. On the retail side that’s really again, being driven as Larry has mentioned, our flagship global longshore credit but we’re also now having good flows from global longshore equity. I mentioned we recently launched the new multi manager fund which basically pulled in about $100 million this quarter already so that’s off to a good start. On the institutional side again, excluding return of capital and this one challenged hedge fund, we saw strong flows into BAA of close to $350 million, our fund to private equity business invested about close to $275 million in the quarter, real estate had about $200 million in the quarter. Our alternative solutions which is a key growth area, was close to $150 million. So there’s actually very strong pockets of momentum around it however, it takes a little bit of commitment from you and us to make sure you can see all of that happiness.Robert Lee – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: If I could maybe ask one follow up which I’m sure is on a lot of people’s minds, you know, the turmoil from one of your competitors and the assets that may be kind of in play or in motion as a result of that. I guess I’m particularly interested in your thoughts as it relates to the DC world where, you know, certainly the total return fund has been pretty well entrenched and there’s usually not a lot of fixed income options out there. But how do you feel about if you look at the opportunity set how do you feel about your ability to kind of start capturing some share there and at the same time are you starting to see more DC plans thinking about a broader range of options within their fixed income selections.
Gary S. Shedlin: I think you’ve identified a great growth opportunity for us. A, on the DC land, managers are entrenched until they’re not. We have had a historically very strong presence in the DC side in the index equity and target date products and so we have great relationships and now because of our strong performance and breadth in our fixed income, we have an incredible chance now to leverage those relationships and indeed we are indeed winning more wins in the DC side and we do believe this is going to be a great opportunity. In addition, as people think about fixed income especially on the DC side, we are seeing evidence of people moving out of a total return type of product into a more unconstrained strategies too so this is going to be an opportunity for us in the coming years.
Gary S. Shedlin: So a couple of things on margins. Obviously, in the context of year-over-year comparisons you obviously have to look at the relevant quarters that you’re comparing and so I think from Q3 to Q3 if you will a couple of things went on. Obviously, we had strong beta from that Q3 to Q3 period which obviously helps drive revenue growth and you saw not only in addition to our organic growth, we actually put up 15% year-over-year revenue growth which is a pretty good number. On the expense side really two things. As you’ve mentioned, one is our G&A clearly was low in the quarter. I think we highlighted sequentially that there was about a $51 million gap which was primarily attributable to the FX remeasurement and lower legal fees and expenses relative to the last quarter where we called them out as being somewhat high.  So beta driving one direction, expense driving the other direction and then obviously, as we’ve mentioned both this quarter and last quarter some changes in comp accruals that make quarter-over-quarter comparisons a little less relevant. But mentioning that we really hadn’t changed comp philosophies and so as you look at full year accruals I think that’s a better indicator. Then of course you take all of that and you go into the fourth quarter and I think there’s no question that beta comparisons year-over-year will look much less muted. It was a strong fourth quarter in beta last year. It’s not looking like a very strong fourth quarter this year so that will impact obviously year-over-year comparisons. We mentioned the FX impact so we’re going in with lower spot AUM into the quarter than our average and as you correctly mentioned, in addition to the seasonal uptick in our [MMP] spend which is actually also planned, we’ve got some rougher comparisons on the performance fee because of the opportunistic fees that we booked last year. I think if you take all of that into consideration I would suggest that the 44.2% in the quarter is probably not something we’d be looking to repeat in the fourth quarter and I think as it relates to margin guidance, I think our margin guidance hasn’t changed as it relates to the overall business.
Gary S. Shedlin: Hopefully, you tell everybody. I mean, look it’s a great point, it’s one that you know we have been trying to tell a little bit differently than the way you just stated it both at investor day and even today. We’re trying to basically point to a concept of organic based fee growth being in excess of organic asset growth which is by virtue of stronger growth in our retail and our iShares business, or obviously relative to the institutional business and in particularly institutional index business. I would say that we do give you ways to get there in terms of the disclosure. There’s ways to back that out but I’m mindful that it’s always easier if we do that for you and I think it’s fair that we are always thinking about ways to improve our disclosure and to help investors and analysis better understand our business and we’re actively considering whether or not we should make some changes going into next year. I mean, we do break out on the AUM tables exactly that component of flows and obviously, the beginning balance of our institutional index business so you can actually go ahead and do that and I don’t want to suggest that the institutional index business is not a very important component of the firm, but you’re right to suggest it has lower revenue characteristics than some of our other businesses and that in markets such as this the velocity of those assets tends to be a little bit greater so even though you’re seeing $5 billion of net flows there’s basically significantly more inflows and outflows that happen every quarter to get to that net number. So we take your point, we appreciate it, and we are going to give it a lot more thought as we go into the end of the year.
Gary S. Shedlin: I think that’s one way to do it. Though again, that data is there for people who want to figure it out. 
Gary S. Shedlin: A great question. Look, 5% when we laid it out was viewed as a target. It’s an aspirational target. We’re very serious about making sure we have strategies, business strategies, and appropriate talent, and making sure that we provide resources for those businesses to get there. We very much still believe in the fact that that is a number we can achieve. We are very much still focused on the three components of that growth with iShares being low double digit growth, retail being high single digit growth and our institutional business being low single digit growth obviously, with faster growing parts of that business offsetting some of the headwinds we face in DB. So, we’re continuing to prosecute the strategy and we still feel incredibly comfortable about that. I would say that it’s not a quarter-to-quarter number for us. It’s basically getting there on a more long term stable basis. We obviously – I’ll come back to the discussion we just had with Luke, which is actually if you strip out some of the more lower fee components which have been a little bit more volatile in recent quarters, one might suggest that we’re already there on a trailing 12 basis for some of those businesses but I’m mindful that’s changing the goal post a little bit and I think in the context, and Rob’s on the phone, he may want to chime in obviously, there are significant amounts of cash yet on the sidelines that when that gets deployed that will actually have an important element to our ability to attract some of those assets. I think we’re still moving forward and we’re holding people accountable to get there and our sincere hope is that we’ll be able to, in the near term, be able to talk about getting there very consistently.
Gary S. Shedlin: I mean to put some numbers into perspective in terms of European equities, I mean it happens, again maintaining still good three, five year performance there, you know, that cost us close to $4 billion in the quarter in retail in outflows and then high yield again top decile performance and rotation there cost about $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion for the quarter. So if you just think about the magnitude of those two products still with decent performance in fact, some exceptional performance in some cases, that [inaudible] the growth rate just in the quarter alone in those two areas. So the good news is as Larry said, we had continued strength in the EMEA index, we had continued strength in fixed income, continued strength in multi asset, and I think without that there’d be a very different story and that’s part of the diversification and stability story we’re trying to tell.
