Robert Kapito: So I think most of the questions are going to concern the why, the where, and the when. And so, the yield curve is the most inverted that it's been since the 1980s. So, maybe, Larry and I can add a little value since we were there at that time. And investors are really getting paid to wait. And money market funds have nearly $7 trillion in assets under management. So that's $7 trillion. And as we approach the peak in interest rates, we expect that there are going to be some very, very large allocations to fixed income. And I'm sure someone will call it the great reallocation. And the reason is, today, there are better opportunities to invest in bonds than have been in the years. Over 80% of the bond market is yielding over 40%, enabling investors to derive a large part of their liability needs from owning bonds and access returns with less risk. So, as Martin just said, we are so well-positioned to benefit from this reallocation with our comprehensive $2.6 trillion fixed income platform, which spans unconstrained total return, municipals, and actually the entire yield curve. So with more money in motion, and it will be in motion, BlackRock will benefit as clients build fixed income allocations with higher-performing active, alongside of ETFs and private market strategies. In particular, right now, clients are focusing their opportunity in the short end of the curve, and of course, in private credit. So when? Well, we have historically seen a rebound in fixed income following rate stability. And this year's yield spikes have been mostly from market re-pricing and policy rate expectations. There is a lot of concern over US debt levels and large treasury issuance, and investors are demanding a higher premium. So, if we go back to the periods immediately following the taper tantrum in 2013 that Larry mentioned, or the Fed pause in early 2019, the industry saw a very quick rebound in fixed income flows. Both ETFs and active fixed income funds were the beneficiaries. So when? Well, once there's more certainty on a terminal rate and the shape of the yield curve, then we expect more deployment into fixed income. And I'll recap it. A slowdown in short-term issuance and more balanced term structure of interest rates are the indicators we're looking for in anticipation of accelerating demand for immediate and longer duration fixed income.
Robert Kapito: And let me just add to that. Because we have to be a little bit careful about what we call active, because people are active with both their index and their ETFs through models and I would prefer to say it's active as we originally knew the definition alongside of all of our ETF products. And when is active going to continue to have more flows? When you can add outflow? And we're going into an environment where I believe active flows will be greater because there are now more opportunities to add alpha than there has been before. So we've seen $65 billion of active net inflows in 2023 year-to-date, which compares to industry outflows. And part of that is coming from some of the different pockets that we have created that require more active than passive management. So, we continue to see strong demand in the private markets and in LifePath. These are the strength in income-oriented equities total return in core bond strategies. So just to give you an idea, since 2019, positive active flows have been in 16 out of the 19 quarters. And a lot of that also depends upon performance. And that's what we've been able to keep our promise to with our clients and will drive active inflows going forward.
Robert Kapito: Yeah, I'd just add a couple of things. That's a really great question, because I think I'd speak for Larry. We haven't heard the word immunization for a very, very long time and we've been visited by several pension plans to talk about that. Obviously, it's rate-driven. I think the number is going to be 7% plus that they're going to have to get. And if you want to do a little history, in 1995, you can have a portfolio of all bonds and get a 7.5% return. So when you add that together with the environment I described before that might be coming. Now, there's a step before that. And we have been the beneficiary of a lot of these plans, finding that it's too complicated, they were very barbelled. They're not sure what the reallocation could be. It's hard to find the people to do this in the locations that they are and they don't have the technology. So we've been the beneficiary through what we call the OCIO business. And we have had a significant amount of large wins in that business to help them with the appropriate reallocation. I think the next stage of that in the future might be more institutions may be going into immunizing the portfolio. But as Larry said, it's really rate-driven. We're not that far away. But a lot of things have to happen before then. And a lot of that, of course, will be done in the bond market, which, in my previous answers, really adds fuel to the fire where we could be a very big participant in that.
Laurence Fink: So, obviously, the foundation of the firm and the -- was Milliman, the BGI transaction. But we've been quite active in deals and partnerships, whether it's Jio BlackRock partnership that we're working on, which I think will be transformational. That's not an M&A deal. But our Aperio deal, our eFront deal, are great examples of execution, precision, with 20% and 50%, respectively, increase in revenues in both those businesses. I would look back and say, we spent about $4 billion on M&A over the last five years. And I'm now challenging all of us, including myself, about what are the ecosystem changes that are around today. And I -- if you look back when we did the big transactions, there was a lot of market on settlement, and I think there is quite a bit going on now, big shifts. And so, we are looking at different opportunities related to technology, private markets. We're always engaged in conversations. But I'm challenging the team and myself to really -- to think more broadly and more openly about the opportunities we have. And we're engaged. We're engaged in a large way across the world, across the opportunities. That is not going to be displacing the opportunities of partnerships like the partnership with Monzo, the partnership with Reliance Industries and Jio Financial. We see those going to be additive. They inform us. They help us be more connected. We see different opportunities. And so, we're challenging ourselves. We are engaged in a lot of conversations right now, probably more than we have been in many, many years. And we'll see how this all plays out.
Laurence Fink: I would just add one more thing related to that. Martin, I just want to double-down. We have a lot of debt capacity. We have a lot of opportunities. And we're really refocusing on where can we be additive. The one thing that I could tell you, when we do integrations of firms, we are not going to be a boutique. We are going to be organizing it and building it out. We love the opportunity of having Aperio, but it's a part of a big organized firm. We love eFront. It's organized around the whole Aladdin ecosystem. But it is not -- we're not building a boutique of different fragments. We're building a unified organization. As Martin said, to be additive in revenues, additive in client connectivity, and additive in reach, reach in technology and reach in product.
Laurence Fink: One more last thing on this, Dan, I would just say, we have committed enlarging our iShares platform globally. I think that's going to be an integral part of what we're doing in India. But if you look at the trends of ETFs in the year-to-date, in Europe, ETF flows are up 70%. In the US, the ETF flows are actually a little lower than they were last year. But as we continue to build out our platform globally, we become a very large beneficiary. And what is happening in Europe, the rise of its capital markets and the utilization of ETFs as an instrument of active and an instrument of exposures and an instrument of passives, we're winning big market share in that business.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and your continued interest in the organization. BlackRock's underlying business momentum remains incredibly strong. And we believe there are more money being put to work as investors glean clarity on the path, the path of rate movements, related to geopolitical issues and more people are seeking opportunities with BlackRock. I do see great opportunities ahead for our clients and look forward to delivering more opportunity for you, our shareholders, our investors. And I want to thank you for your continued interest. Have a good quarter.
Martin Small: Hi, Alex. It's Martin. How are you? So, the centerpiece and hallmark of the M&A strategy here has always been about accelerating organic growth. It's been about developing capabilities that we don't have and or de-risking capabilities that we're building. And I'd say when you look at eFront, when you look at Aperio, when you look at many of the transactions Larry has talked about, that's really been the center of the strategy. It's about accelerating organic growth and delivering for clients. And as Larry said, in the last five years, we've spent about $4 billion on M&A. We're not capital-constrained. We have ample debt capacity. And so our goal is to be able to drive earnings acceleration and also deliver more for our clients through M&A.
Martin Small: Thanks very much for the question. So, when I think about the active equities business at BlackRock, we had continued to see a very strong active equity business over the last three years. We've generated over $30 billion in active equity net inflows, while our average AUM has grown by 34%. And so, while, again, quarter-to-quarter and year-on-year, we'd fully expect to see, particularly in this environment, some rotations out of equities and into cash, which has been the main theme, I think, of this call and the many others, we still see really strong growth in the business. And we think it's fundamentally a big part of client portfolios. I do think over time, in our product strategy, you've seen we've been adding, for example, transparent active ETFs, through which we'll be growing our active equity business and our other active businesses. And so, we think about these over time as being delivered through multiple rampers and an integral part of our base fee growth strategy.
Martin Small: Thanks, Brennan. Just -- I will reiterate, we expect full year G&A to fall on the low end of our previously communicated -- committed guidance of mid to high-single-digit percentage increase, still accept to keep our headcount broadly flat for this year, as we've said in the last two quarters. And just on outlook for expense, and I suppose, margin, again, our strategy for driving values to deliver organic growth, differentiated in premium operating margin and consistent capital management policy. We're focused on investing for profitable growth. When I think about operating leverage in a higher for longer rate environment, you've heard on our last few calls that we're looking to make more concentrated investments in places that can drive higher organic growth, deliver more operating efficiency, but we're also looking to add flexibility to the cost base. But most importantly, Brennan, we're looking to drive more fixed cost scale that comes through technology, automation, organizational design and foot-printing. There are so many exciting things happening at BlackRock on that front. We launched our BlackRock AI Lab back in 2018. We've been using artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing in our systematic business going back 20 years. And we have teams all over these things for how we can scale trading, pricing, operations, client service and even automation to make our software engineers most productive. So if you ask me where are we going to focus investments going forward with a particular sharp eye, I look at our total annual operating expense of about $11 billion and our largest fixed investments by dollars and importance, that's our really talented BlackRock employees. So giving them more tools to enhance productivity, from large language models to better CRM, tools that help clients customize and self-service, like our BlackRock Advisor Center, those are going to be some of our best opportunities to deliver, I think, long-term profitable growth and where we'd be looking towards our expenses. But also, we've got great investments that I think Larry alluded to that are in commercial partnerships. Those are with TAMPs, neo brokers, digital wealth platforms, other distribution venues. So we'd invest some of that. It will be fixed M&P. Some of it will be variable distribution and servicing, which gives us some more resilience. That's some of the variablizing of expenses that I've talked about. But they all have the potential to accelerate outsized growth for iShares and other BlackRock investments. And our budget for 2024 is going to look to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible and expanding our premium margin over time.
