Laurence Douglas Fink: Look I would also add a little more color to what Gary just said. Three, four years ago, if we saw outflows in index funds, we may not have seen the active flows. What I think what is really illustrative of all the hard work we've done over the last few years is we are now part of that dialogue and more and more clients that we are able to do this. As we suggested, a lot of money that was, in terms of the outflows, was more cash need driven by our clients for rainy day issues and it's raining in some of the commodity-based economies, and so they're utilizing some of that. I think one of the things that is important to understand. I don't think the market understood how much flows that were generated by these large institutions internationally into the equity markets and in some cases, it's turned because they have needs for domestic needs, but we are seeing we have more increased dialogue on multi-assets in European equities, Asian equities, alternatives than we've ever had in the history of the firm. So, the dialog is more robust and certainly a lot more complete and I think that's a component of the story. As Gary said, we can't control FX, we can't control divergent beta. As Gary suggested, there has been quite a bit of divergent beta in the commodity-based stuff, even in the last few weeks of June or first few weeks of July, we've seen more divergent beta again. And so we can't control that but we certainly have and probably the key issue that we can control deeper, more robust conversation with more clients worldwide.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would not relax. I won't – I don't think we should ever relax. Obviously, let me just step back and say, A, if the market is a safer, stronger market and more people believe that the market is a great place, if regulation does add greater safety and soundness in the minds of more and more investors, we'll be the biggest beneficiary. So our whole approach to regulatory conversation is somewhat different than with some of the other leaders in the industry. We are – we have traditionally – and I continue to believe, we will continue to do that tradition of having a deep dialog with regulators using our international knowledge of what's going on and helping them try to understand what would be the best way to make a safer and sounder dialog. So, I don't want to say the conversation is going to be more relaxed in the future because we need to still work with the regulators, understanding what are the potential issues as the world becomes more dependent on capital markets. And that's happening now as the ecosystem change with higher capital standards with banks and more and more enterprises whether it's companies or individuals are using capital markets for raising capital, both debt and equity. We need a safe and sound ecosystem. And if it means that having more supervision in some of the activities, we may be in favor of that. So we are going to work towards building a safer and sounder capital markets, and we have enjoyed deep relationships with the regulators. And obviously they don't have to listen to us, they are our regulators. But, by having, what I would call, a constructive dialog, I believe it allows us to be part of that conversation, and hopefully, this will lead to a better outcome.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So, I find this a humorous narrative. There is a big article a couple of days ago, I think even Barron had a big article about, oh, what's going to happen in fixed income. Hey, higher rates will lead to more players in fixed income, not less, and I'll get into that in a minute. Secondarily, 70% of our fixed income investors are pension and insurance companies. They're not influenced by market moves. They're trying to match a liability, and that's the problem with the narrative, they're not the players who're going to whip around the interest rates. But the true component is, so many pension funds and insurance companies were so harmed by lower interest rates. In some cases, we know many insurance companies have actually a wide gap – their liabilities are longer than their assets. So, if we actually saw a rising rate environment, this is actually quite additive to the balance sheets of insurance companies. If we saw a rise in interest rates, especially in the short end, the pension funds liabilities will look less onerous, because it's all based on their funding rate and the capital rate they used for their short-term rates. In fact, many pension funds, if we saw a real spike in interest rates, would (36:39) a lot of their pension liabilities. So, higher rates actually is good for most long-term investors and they're not particularly concerned about rising rates and they're going to have money, because their liability – they bought these fixed interest items against certain fixed-based liabilities. And so, they're not going to be that harmed on that. Now, they may have some accounting treatment differentials, but it's not going to be a big issue. And for those who believe they want to navigate around the potentiality of higher rates, they're going to navigate from a long-dated asset – longer duration fixed-income product to a shorter duration one. And for those who still need to be in more long duration, but they're going to go into more the unconstrained products that we are the leading driver in flows. So I think people just forget they're implying that everybody is a hedge fund when higher rates means everybody's going to be abandoning bond funds. Now some individuals were in fixed income because of safety and soundness. They don't generally whip them around either. They're going to hold them to maturity. But another thing, Alex, that I think we are miscalculating too, more and more money is going in defined contribution plans. More and more defined contribution plans are using target date types of structures. And last I checked, we're living longer, but more importantly we're all aging, at least I am. And as you age, you're going to have a higher component of fixed income. So I would tell you fundamentally, demographically, and all the things that we're structurally seeing the way people are positioned, higher rate is not a bad thing for the fixed income market for the core investors.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We are – we probably have increased dialogue for Aladdin than ever before. Unquestionably, higher regulatory supervision for activities would lead to more need for risk management. Aladdin is one of the – obviously, one of the risk management participants in the marketplace. Fiduciary standards are increasing – people want to have better understanding of their risk embedded. As more and more managers, embark in more – in a larger, more robust global portfolio, they need better risk analytics. And so, all this is leading to greater utilization for platforms like Aladdin. Obviously, we have many great competitors, so I'm not trying to suggest we're the only player, but we are in a very good position, to have deeper, longer, and probably more numerous conversations.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No, I don't think, I referenced what region. It's international what I said. We've had times, if you go back six quarters or eight quarters and we had big rebalancing then. People use beta as a place holder of a tactical allocation, I mean that's one thing that people still don't understand how much beta products are being utilized now for alpha. And there are many enterprises are tactically allocating whether overweighting or underweighting using beta products. And we see this more increasingly every day and in some – and in the second quarter and part of the first quarter, we saw some of the big utilizers who had beta as an alpha component of their tactical allocation for – in some cases, they were taking profits and then they – because of domestic issues, they are sitting with higher cash balances, some of them may have been a little more frightened of what's going on in some components to the world and are putting more and more money in cash. But more importantly, I would say, most of the tactical allocation was out of investment products, more into cash for domestic issues. And this was not a performance issue, this was not moving money from BlackRock to another manager in most cases. It was moving from BlackRock to another BlackRock product and in most cases, the money was used for domestic needs, work needs.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we actually had good flows in the active side, and obviously, institutional side was all related to those beta stories that I discussed previously.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We shared the Department of Labor's goals in promoting better retirement and security. This is one of the big issues and we've been stressing. I do believe our retirement – our inadequacy in retirement is going to be the big story in the coming years. I do believe the elevated savings rates that we're just seeing so far in the first six months, possibly could be related to people starting to become more aware that they have an inadequate retirement plan. So, we will be vigilant and outspoken on retirement issues. Look, related to specifically your question, the need of investors are going to be differing, we all want good investment outcomes, and we need to make sure that we, as an industry, provide client choice – hopefully client choice with low cost. Cost is – it can't be primary because we have to be outcome-focused, obviously, outcome-focused with cost is the emphasis, not the other way around. So the DoL's indicated interest for our comments, we submitted the commentary, we're going to have to see, wait and see how this all plays out. I think – I don't believe we understand or have enough information to know how this will all play out. I think this will be evolving, but we are working constructively with the DoL, and whatever they determine, we'll – I'll be able to tell you in the coming quarters how that will play out for BlackRock and the impact. On the surface, it's going to have – it has impact on BlackRock, if it is as it is today, because it has impact on some of our distribution platforms, but we'll be able to navigate that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Three years ago, four years ago, we started talking about our building out of retail. Three years and four years ago we started talking about building a stronger brand in retail. Two years ago, we integrated our retail and our iShares teams to be – to offer more outcome-oriented solutions that are – instead of just product pushing. And I think this has all created a more elevated position with our distribution platform. And I believe we have much more to go. We are still way behind other firms related to the RIAs. We still have deeper penetration to go with some of the big distribution platforms. And importantly, I believe because of our technology – because of Aladdin, I think we can provide better models from – to assisting our distribution partners in creating better models, better advice, and if we can continue to help our distribution platforms to be better at what they do, combination of beta products and alpha products, maybe with liquid alts, we should enjoy higher penetration of wallet, and I believe, we're just beginning on that path.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hey, Craig – operator, we have time – we have 10 more minutes. So, if there is no one behind, Craig, we could carry on.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would – once again, I think I've said in the past. I think there's way too much emphasis on this product. We have said that we believe the ETF industry is going to go from a $3 trillion to $6 trillion industry. Active ETFs will be a component of it, but it will be dwarfed by the industry's growth in traditional beta products. Where you may see ETFs grow is really more based on model or smart beta products, so where you're going to have tilts, but I still don't see active ETF playing a large role in the totality of the market, and I agree with Rob. If there is growth in it, it's going to be growth that's going to be taking away more growth from traditional mutual funds.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I said the RIA – they were independents, not the – not IRIS, but I was talking about the independent advisor. So Craig, I'm not sure – I did not make a statement related that define (54:37) contribution on IRIS...
Laurence Douglas Fink: But RIAs, we had very weak penetration three years, four years ago. We had very little visibility with many of the RIAs, and these are – we have to become a trusted partner. There are some other firms that have had a long-standing trusted relationship with these independent channels, and I – we are very pleased with the growth that we have in our RIA channel in 2015. And I expect, as I said earlier, that we're going to build more share because I do believe we can become another trusted advisor to their channels.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But, let's just talk about market dynamics a little bit. So, ETFs are far more liquid and constructive versus a mutual fund. An ETF throughout the day has a buyer that matches with a seller. So every time you have a buyer matching a seller during the time, the underlying assets are not traded. And so, this is one of the – people don't understand – when they talk about this, they just not talk about the market dynamics. So for every buyer, there's a seller. You are not creating or redeeming the underlying assets. So for – during the market opening, the ETF is providing more liquidity. When you think about a mutual fund, a mutual fund in bonds is accumulating buys and sells throughout the day, and at the final – end of the day, they find out if they have to sell the underlying stocks or – excuse me, bonds at the end of the day or the next morning to get the cash. So, the ETF actually is, as Rob suggested, a provider of liquidity. It also creates a transparency of where the markets are, and it's – this is another surprise to me on the narrative, the narrative that you are able to transact bond sales and purchases in mass by utilizing one stock – you're able to reduce the underlying assets and the need for a lot of sales bonds, a lot of purchases bonds intra-day, and that's a major component of why ETFs are additive to the liquidity and more importantly, they create transparency. And we've been telling this story for years, we witnessed it. The Federal Reserve actually came out with a research report – this is more related to emerging market equities, on the same construct that it provided liquidity. So we're still dismayed at the narrative.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, keep in mind, I don't know how dealers report because this is a stock. More and more dealers are big market makers in ETFs. And if it's under the equity desk, a bond ETF, because it's an equity, that's a major component of the business today.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and for your continued interest at BlackRock. Once again, our second quarter highlighted the investments we made over many years to enhance the differentiated platform that we have – a platform that's diverse, a platform that's global, a platform that can work in both alpha and beta products. And I believe the second quarter was a good testimony to all that buildup. We continue to take a long-term view and hopefully, we're staying ahead of our clients' needs. And most importantly, as I suggested, when we have 3,000 clients calling in to – BlackRock Institute call, we're winning more and more hearts and minds of our clients, which in my – our deepest hope, that leads to larger share of their wallet. And if we continue to do that, we'll continue to drive performance for our shareholders in a landscape that is obviously very volatile. Everyone have a good quarter, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Robert S. Kapito - President: So the exciting part of the ETF business is that as people become more aware of the benefits of ETFs, they're coming up with other uses for ETF. So it's become not only a way to express your view in the market, but you can express it in a much more precise way. So a lot of the flows that we're seeing are coming from this new usage. One of the new usage is as you cite is that ETFs became cheaper to use than futures. So we've seen a lot of institutions now as they become aware of that and we know how to talk about it, they are coming to us and asking us how they can use ETFs to better express their views in the marketplace. So we're seeing flows coming in from that as well as just a generic core. And as you know, the two segments are certainly the buy and hold segment and we have introduced the core ETFs for that and we're seeing growths in – growth in that to the tune of $3.8 billion, which is a 7% organic growth in the quarter. So we're very excited as that continues to grow. But at the same time, we're seeing those who are utilizing those for trading activities to express their views continue to grow as well. And a lot of that is in the high yield area, where they're expressing their views, positive or negative, so you see flows in that. And then you just see people that are actually looking at ETFs as a replacement also for their mutual fund business as well. So I think there is lots of opportunities in this. We're just beginning to scratch the surface and new uses for this. We continue to think that it's going to continue to grow going forward, and we want to be the innovator using ETFs to innovate and to solve people's issues in their portfolios.
Robert S. Kapito - President: Yeah, so, we've looked at this, we continue to look at this, and right now collectively, we're not sure that this is going to be a big opportunity in the marketplace. One of the benefits of the ETFs is the transparency, the diversification, and that enhances the trading and the liquidity of these. So, we're not sure that this is an opportunity we're going to pursue. We're thinking about it, and we'll just see how the market continues to evolve. So, we're not ruling it out, but right now, we're not looking at that, and we view that as something that will compete more directly with mutual funds than it will with the normal ETFs.
Robert S. Kapito - President: So, our view of ETFs is a bit different. We think it actually enhances the liquidity of the markets because of the transparency. So you know what the underlying securities are. So there is a market in those. And then there's a market of those as a whole. And in periods of volatility, we've actually seen very little creation or redemption of any of those assets. We've actually seen the ETFs trade themselves. So, we think it enhances the liquidity. And, therefore, we think this market could continue to grow. So, we don't really – I wouldn't agree with you on illiquidity in the corporate bond market. It's just that it's been more one-sided because there's more demand right now. So there really isn't a large secondary market. I don't call that illiquid, I call that overdemand for yield securities because of the environment. So if interest rates rise, that will change a bit, but we think that this has been providing good opportunity in the marketplace, and just think of how large the fixed income market is, and when you take a look at that, any percentage, any small percentage increase in ETF, so the fixed income market is going to be very substantial and very large. So, we're very bullish on the future of ETFs and how large they can grow relative to the fixed income market.
