Laurence Fink: Well, I think our best example of fees are not always prime mover of ETFs, it’s our experience in lowering our fees in our global ETFs in our goal ETF products, IAU. We are offering fees now 15 basis points lower than our competition. We certainly saw an increased percent of flow into our product versus our competition, but we saw a fraction of what we expected or what we thought could happen.  And it’s a great example that most investors of ETFs are more concerned about liquidity and once they get – and liquidity is one of the prime movers of ETF. So there’s no questions that fees are a consideration and will continue to be a bigger drive possibly in the future for ETFs, but we have not seen really any real dramatic change because of low fees. It is about client service, it is about client education which we spend a great deal of time on. It’s about tracking error. If I could cite about one of our ETFs where we witnessed less flows than one of our competitors in one of our products, is because in 2009 one of our international products had more tracking error than one of our competitors. And as a result, they saw more flows. So it’s much more complex than the simplicity of just fees.  Clients want more education in these products than any other retail products that we know of. And so it’s a lot about client service, it’s a lot about education. We try to spend as much time as any firm in terms of the education process of ETFs, how you can utilize ETFs as a strategic instrument in a portfolio. Fees are considerations so we are focusing on fees. We ask that question every quarter, every time we have our quarterly updates with our leadership teams. So we’re mindful of it but we are not seeing any real industry-wide pressure at all.  Obviously one of our competitors lowered their fees on – and they’re a few basis points less than ours. And as you suggested, in the S&P type of indexes, we’ll see. But you know, as I said, I’m not terribly worried about it. I think the next two years it’s going to be all about innovation. One of the areas that we were working on is trying to create like almost an asset allocator ETF in itself though the SEC doesn’t allow that yet. But you know, those are the types of things that we’re looking for, much more like multi-asset strategy ETF. These are a little more complex. We believe there’s great demand for it.  You know, a global opportunity is mutual funds crossed over the $70 billion mark. That’s a great example of clients looking for multi-asset strategy products. We have that in the mutual fund side. We would love to have something like that in the ETF side. 
Laurence Fink: Rob, it’s two functions. Obviously low rates are one drag on tech-lending revenues and the other one is demand from people who wish to borrow stock. I think the biggest change in the third quarter was a reduction – we already have low rates, I think the biggest one is the utilization rates by the industry were down quite a bit as people are trying to reassess what FIN/REG and its implications.  But I do believe, you know as these proprietary debt moved to non-bank entities as there’s a – if there is a future of re-risking on the alternative space area, utilization will go up. 
Laurence Fink: Well A, we are regulated today by the Fed, by the OCC, by the FSA, by the SEC and on and on and on. So we are already a very regulated institution. To date, we have not seen any issues related to the issues around being regulated.  I think you’re asking the question related, would a BlackRock be considered a systemically important institution, and you know, until we see how the regulators come up with a definition of what is systematically important, we don’t know if we would be part of that inclusion. We have told the regulators, I don’t have a problem of being part of that group as long as it’s a comprehensive group that’s included alongside with us.  And so we really don’t see much of a problem in terms of FIN/REG and how that impact BlackRock at all. 
Laurence Fink: No. No because so much of this is, you know, some of its fiduciary outsourcing where that’s a new trend. These are just very lumpy types of businesses. It’s going very strong in Europe. It’s LDI, you know, low rates could slow down LDI, you know, if the rate continues to go lower. But no, we’re in active dialog with many, many institutions. The RFP’s are very strong. If anything their RFPs are probably as robust as they’ve ever been.
Laurence Fink: Well, I believe all large – all pension plans worldwide are going to have to reassess their asset allocation. They’re going to have to reassess their risk and how they evaluate risk. This is why I call low rate tax on pension funds and savings. We don’t talk about that enough. Obviously we need low rates to reinvigorate or economy. The low rates is a great subsidy for borrowers and a great tax on savers and pension plans and we don’t talk about that.  So if one believes we’re going to have a persistence of low rates for a while globally, it’s going to – it’s going to be – I believe, and this is the types of conversations we’re having with foundations and endowments, they’re going to have to allocate more to equities and alternatives. So these are very difficult conversations. As we know, the reason why we had so much flow in the fixed income over the years was institutions determined they needed to de-risk. Accounting makes only equities more – it’s a more volatile asset class so people have favored fixed income. And you know, I do believe as a fiduciary, the plans are going to have to accept a little more volatility and take more risks to achieve their liabilities. Or they’re going to have to go back to their constituents and lower the liabilities, which obviously they’re trying to do that in Paris and we see the results of the protesting. You have in the UK today, taking about a major reduction in how they look at the public payrolls, and so this is not just a U.S. phenomenon.  Mike, this is a giant issue, and as you said correctly, this is going to be a big first quarter issue as they have to re-sect their liability rate and with low interest rates, low 10-year rates, it’s – the gap grows. 
Laurence Fink: A, I think the investments are going to have to continue as I worry about the outflows in dollars, as we have to – I think our statements in the last few quarters, we’ve got to build Asia, we’ve got to build our investment team in non-dollars. I mean, to me, that’s more essential than ever before. But I think it’s Ann Marie’s and my view that our target is a margin of about 40%, I think that is achievable. That is what we have set to all our business leaders, that type of target. And we believe over time we’re going to be able to do that. You know, we still have another year left in terms of technology integration. When that’s finished, that will increase our margin in somewhat right there. And so, we believe we could achieve those targets. I will say, anything over 40% is probably a statement that we’re over – we’re not investing enough. So we just have to make sure we’re doing the right thing for the competitive nature of the business, so it’s not a hard target, it is a soft target. But I do believe, Ann Marie speak up about it, I believe we’ll be able to achieve that 40% margin.
Laurence Fink: Our new tax rate Mike, is a permanent change for us. We’ve been able to work with the tax authorities on the types of taxes we pay, and we’ve been able to change our tax rates going forward.
Laurence Fink: Well, in some of our flows are in the, as you suggested, the iShare, some of the flows are in index. Those are high margin businesses. You know, some of the fiduciary outsourcing businesses are lower fee businesses, Bill. So if we can continue with that trend, and that type of business, our margins even in 2011 will increase. I don’t expect a 40% margin in 2011, but I do expect improvements in our margins in 2011.
Laurence Fink: So next year our free cash flow will be over $2 billion, we know that. This is a consideration that our board will look at. We don’t anticipate any major in organic change in our platform. We may look at little things to add, whether it is a little aphid management firm in overseas, but – so, I think we will look at a re-evaluation of our dividend and share repurchase policy, there’s no question. I think one of the considerations that I have to consider, this is why I’m glad its February, not now. Is what will the government do to related tax rates and dividends. If they change the tax rate in dividends, I would argue stock repurchases may be more powerful than dividends. If dividends stay at the same rate, I would argue dividends are more powerful than stock repurchase. And so, until we understand how the government tax policy plays out, I don’t know how we’re going to balance those two items. But I think it’s essential to assume, we have a – just by our earnings generation, we’re going to have an upwardly bias dividend.
Laurence Fink: I don’t think QE2 is focused at all on the short end. QE2 is focused on the 10 year, the 5 to 10 year area. You know, there’s suggestions that is not discussed it, but you’ve heard conversations about QE2 is going to be rate targeted. And I think rate targeting is not the short-end, because the shortened is essentially 10 basis points. It’s going to be in the areas where small and new businesses need to fund. It’s going to be obviously the target Mortgage origination. To me, that’s what the Federal Reserve’s trying to do, is target a rate so you can stimulate the economy whether through asset inflation in the form of rising equity market and/or availability of cheap financing and mortgages, and in terms of this. And also, the availability of money by institutions for small and new businesses.  You know, it’s essential, if you look at all the statistics, job growth in America is almost from – entirely from small and new companies. If you net our all the large companies, it’s basically flat for the last 5 years. So I think the Federal Reserve’s obviously they’re doing this to try to get a stimulated job market, and it’s all about jobs. My opinion is they’re – if their targeting, and their targeting to find ways of re-invigorating the small and new company creation, which would then create jobs. 
Laurence Fink: Oh, I’m sorry. Fee waivers, institutional I don’t believe there are any fee waivers on the retail side. We have some fee waivers, but they’re small.
Laurence Fink: Well, let me just talk about it. That’s a big – giant component of the mortgage market from the originations of I guess ‘06, ‘07, ‘08. I’m not going to comment whether we’re involved or not involved in it, I would say – I would say when I always hear this consistency, BlackRock’s number one job is to be a fiduciary for investors and making sure that we are looking out for our investor’s interest. We are a player in the non-agency market, I wouldn’t call ourselves a significant player in that area, but even if we were an insignificant player in that market, our job is to be – if there is indeed an issue around the underwriting of loans put into a security, it is our fiduciary responsibility of inspecting that.  And so, from my perspective, it’s not a significant for the banks, as for some of the players believe though. I believe whether we are involved or not involved in this, I believe it’s essential that investors do believe there’s an issue, they have a right to inspect, but I think the market reaction to banks stocks, was probably overdone. It’s obviously another drag on earnings for those who are involved, who actually indeed had those issues. But not all those firms had all these issues. So let me just leave it at that.
Laurence Fink: Well A, I think global Al is a function of the global capital market. As global capital markets grow and opportunities grow, as IPOs flourish overseas, and are much smaller in the United States which we’re seeing total evidence of that. A global Al product, actually has more opportunity today than they did a few years ago. I asked that question to our portfolio team, maybe 2 weeks ago. Because, obviously, we’re always worried about it and if we believe we can’t earn alpha, we’re going to close it. And the team came back and said they believe the opportunity is quite large, and they would not – they believe even managing over $100 billion would not be an issue for them. But we always ask those questions, we have to make sure that we’re doing the right thing, and the team is very confident of their model and the opportunities that they have going forward. They’ve also repeatedly said as a team that the information they get, get from the one BlackRock  cross fertilization, is very powerful. And so they’re getting even more ideas in our platform. We also have, and this is one of the – a product that had performance ceased, we have a global assent, a global macro hedge fund that they cross fertilize ideas from the hedge fund side to the mutual fund side, but their styles are different. I think the flow of information of BlackRock has really given us those types of opportunities. In both cases I think the global assent fund, which is approximately $7.8 billion to be way north of $10 billion, and we hope that’s some of our growth in the alternative fate. And the global opportunities fund, with our team, we’re comfortable towards being significantly largely.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think some institutions are selling some of their balance sheets, and actually if you look at some of the security firms, their balance sheets actually grow in the third quarter. But, I would say the greatest opportunity for us related to FIN/REG and Basel III is going to be on the solutions base. We may take – have an opportunity related to asset flows, but we would participate alongside all the other investors, so I don’t think we’d have an advantage in anyway. But clearly, institutions, especially in Europe are involved in some significant conversations now with institutions who understand their going to need a much more comprehensive risk system, and we’re in dialog right now. We’re in implication and we’re in dialog now – we’re in contract negotiations dialog, that’s how far along we are.
Laurence Fink: Yeah, good question, I don’t know if I have that on my fingertips, I’m going to have to get Ann Marie to follow-up on that. But let me go over… Our whole view on this, especially as we’re talking to clients, we need to continue to build this out. We need to show our investors, our company, and our clients that we have more than just a few products. So we’re going to have 10 or 12 key products that we can offer. They’re going to be in equities, they’re going to be in 6 incomes, they’re going to be in global macro, and I would like to say that coming year, that we actually have some real estate products. We actually have our real estate platform, and U.K. has done great. We’ve had flows in there. It’s not just a negative story worldwide. Actually a stable story that’s here in the United States, and a positive story in the U.K. So it’s – all we can say is we’re seeing more and more clients looking to barbell as they start focusing on the low tax, low rate environment. They’re looking – we’re seeing more indexing of equities as a trend. And a barbelling and more alternatives, or more what we would call active strategies. Active alpha strategies in equity.
Laurence Fink: Glen, I asked that same question to a bunch of people yesterday, why now versus 6 months ago. You know, please don’t take this as a firm position, you’re asking me my opinion. I’m offering you my opinion on this. I think it has to do with a greater – first of all, I’m told that this is been something that’s being discussed for months, and months, and months. I think what happened was, it got in the news because it was mentioned in another press conference. But I think this was in the news, this was going on for months and months and months. So I can’t explain the timing of it yesterday, but I do believe why it became a much more of a lightning rod yesterday, it’s all related or linked to the foreclosure issue that became a lightening rod 3 weeks ago. I think it’s just a statement that the mortgage market still has problems, and has a problem in related to we have a really big problem as a nation with millions of potential foreclosure in our economy. I think it also is a statement that if there are that many foreclosures, could some of those foreclosures been because of badly underwritten loans at the beginning.  So I think it’s all linked, and that’s just my opinion and so I don’t want to – but I do believe – I do know that these conversations have been going on for months. And it’s the lightening rod was this week.
Laurence Fink: Good question. You know, we reorganized that whole effort. We’re hiring a team of specialist working alongside our generalist on this. I think we did not see as many flows as we expected too. Obviously, we were working on integration and we needed to have individuals working with the manufacturing teams who have a much more close connection with the alternative space. And so, we’re doing that.  We are actually seeing some good flows now. And I do believe, because of the performance that we had in the third quarter, and a consistent year now, going into 2011, we’re going to start seeing some flows.  We’re certainly having more road shows, we’re certainly having more meetings on some of our key alternatives than we’ve had in the entire year.
Laurence Fink: Well I would say, I would say right now a lot of clients are frightened. They’re not doing as much as they want, and I think they’re very worried because they see where this 10 year rates are, and they know they’re going to have a winding GAAP issue. You know, I think clients are in the introspection stage right now. I’ve met with many public boards, and private company teams recently, and these are the types of conversations we’re having. I think they know this is what they need to do if they’re trying to achieve that liability. In some cases, some are going to say well, we’re not going to, we’re not going to re-risk, we’re going to create a greater GAAP, or we’re going to go – or we’re going to have to find some way to changing the benefits. It’s a very complex, difficult question. It’s not – this is certainly not something that can be addressed in one meeting. But they are looking for our advice, I’m sure they’re talking to many other people. We are seeing some institutions, I’m aware of a couple of institutions that are in the process of really reducing their fixed income. And they started a process of buying – equities, global equities, and so I’m aware of a few institutions that are doing that.  If you just look at ETF trends, you’re starting to see for the first time this year where more money’s going – more money is going into equity ETF. So you’re starting to see that change there too.
Laurence Fink: Well I think what we’re seeing is, you’re seeing more elongated business flow, and less one time advisory fee, type of business. One example is, this one thing I said we were going into contract negotiation right now. It began as a one timer that is now migrating into a full fledge long-term assignment. And so the conversations of these longer term assignments, Aladdin type assignments, are picking up. And that’s what we were trying to obviously migrate our clients to, so we have a greater certainty of our flows.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Hi. How you doing? Just one question on the allocations. You know, I think on the retail side we all track it and try to gage, you know, when –after we close a return, on the institutional side it just seems like you’ve got a lot of different parties and how they can fund the gaps differ.  So you’ve got the public pensions that can honestly contribute cash if there’s a gap there. You’ve got the government pensions where it’s a lot harder because you might have to raise taxes and I’m not sure on the international side because it’s not as close there. But you know, when you look at the different players out there, it just seems like when you start getting into the first quarter of ’11, it’s going to be very hard for consultants to be talking about allocating more to fixed income when yields are where they are. And given – 
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: I guess, just when you do the budget process, I’m just trying to figure out when you’re planning for a year, the way that we look at things, you know, average markets are normal markets, so if you get a 10% tailwind to the market that you weren’t expecting…
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: And then, Ann Marie, just one quick thing on the tax rate, you mentioned there was some nuances there, can you just say what the year-to-date tax rate is on like what you consider core? And then next year I think you said a point lower, but I just want to make sure I got that right.
Ann Marie Petach: And certainly the context you put it in Mike, is very important. We’ve had, and haven’t yet fully realized some of these market tailwinds. And that certainly – certainly that helps to flow through the margin.
Ann Marie Petach: Yeah, the year-to-date on core, and this is the thing that is expected full year regular course, so this is our as suggested rates at 33 ½%. And so, that’s down 1 ½ points from where we had been running at 35%. And so for next year, what I said is that’s a 1 ½ point improvement, 35 to 33 1/2 . We expect one point of that to be an ongoing benefit going into 2011.
Ann Marie Petach: Bill, the only thing I would add is that obviously we’re talking with and meeting with all of our clients on a regular basis. There are, as we forecasted with this pipeline, a handful of others where we know that there’s action they will be taking, and we think there’s yet another handful that are probably still evaluating concentration issues. We think the pays clearly has a number of clients but coming to the end, but again, as we’ve indicated some of these can be very large AUM numbers at very low sea level. And we’re trying to float the information as we know it.
Ann Marie Petach: Just sort of repeating what Larry said, what I would say, year-to-date this year compared to year-to-date a year ago, we have a much heavier mix of ongoing revenues than the advisory segment. They’re both very important to us, I don’t want to put any value more than another, but a lot of the places where we did work on advisory segments, actually translated into ultimately ongoing assignments. So they’re both very important to us, and one you don’t often translate into the other over time.
