Laurence D. Fink: Well, we tend to use that as a baseline. I am going to let Gary answer with the more specifics. But, as I said in my prepared remarks, we -- some of the wins we had a year ago and two years ago, depending on how long these conversions took, went live. And I am very pleased to say two very large institutional clients went live and so the ramp rate is higher. The dialogues we are having for Aladdin and all technology solutions is growing, but I think it’s fair that we haven’t adjusted yet our run rate. And I will let Gary go into that a little more.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just add one more thing related to this. The demand for Aladdin services and all technology services is growing across the board. And in my conversations worldwide, I’m hearing more and more clients are looking to add Aladdin services. But I think for run rate as Gary and I both said that it’s a good level as a benchmark. 
Laurence D. Fink: Well, some of it has been outflows from U.S. based investors that had their money overseas and they were investing in European products. So, when we had tax reform and they repatriated the money, you’re seeing that in the flows. Two, there still remains to be in some of the sovereign wealth funds, some de-risking that occurred in the second quarter. And you’re seeing some clients taking profits because of the value of the dollar, the dollar appreciated quite well in the second quarter. So, you’re seeing many different diversion trends. But, I would say -- I don’t have enough information to tell you, if it’s a one quarter event. But I just came back from Europe spending quite a bit of time there. The opportunities in Europe, the broad conversation we’re having with some of the very large European and Middle Eastern clients is strong as ever. In some cases, some of them have pause because of the tension related to trade. But, I would say, over a long period of time, the growth trends are intact. And I would say we’re seeing outcomes of repatriation of cash, strong dollar and just global uncertainty. But, let’s be clear, the dialogues are deeper than ever.
Laurence D. Fink: Alex, let me just add one more thing. I think Rob said it very clearly, Aladdin Wealth takes maybe as long as one to two years like of conversion to get our retail wealth management clients to utilize them and to affect it. But one thing that we are hearing very loud, the advisors are looking for better client understanding and portfolio understanding; they're looking for better transparency; they’re looking for better tools to navigate the clients' money with better consistency; they're using, as Rob said, more models and having Aladdin Wealth allow them to navigate this. And so, if anything, we are seeing greater demand for these types of products because it simplifies the process, it creates a better environment for investing a better environment for compliance and compliance review, and importantly, it allows the advisors and the firm to better understand all of their clients risks in comparing the risks associated with all the portfolios and making sure that those portfolios are meeting the needs of each and everyone's client portfolios. This plays into our strength. This gives us a great opportunity to be more connected with our distribution partners. And we're providing what I would say, the most-clear thing, a differentiating value proposition. So, it's not just about a product, it is providing them with a better enterprise solution to deal with their client issues more effectively with greater transparency.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, it’ll flow more into dollar-based assets, generally we would see strengthening of the dollar. So, we would probably see some more dollar flows in the short run. In the long run, it may be negative. It really depends on if we had a real tariff war, does that disrupt the accelerated GDP growth that the U.S. is experiencing from tax reform. Does it create more uncertainties? But, if it doesn’t, if we don’t have at all outright tariff war that’s increased from this point now, I would say equity markets are cheaper today than they were in January where we’ve had great corporate earnings, record M&A, record amount of stock purchases. So, the amount of underlying equities has shrunk, and PEs have reduced. Now PEs are reduced from the year-to-date level from -- because of the global uncertainty. So, if there is more positive clarification that doesn’t lead to tariff wars, then the markets would probably reassert itself quite strongly. And if there is a tariff war, some of it’s priced into the market, some of it’s not. I would say, Michael that there’s some asymmetry here. I think there’s probably a little more upside right now than downside. But, let’s be clear. If it’s a trade, leads to a reduction in future GDP, then the market will have a setback. But as I said, PEs have fallen from the beginning of the year. So, the market is trying to digest all this as we speak. So, I’m pretty calm about it. But one thing I’ll say, and I said this in my prepared remarks, I have never witnessed more client conversations around this uncertainty, and the opportunities we have with some of the clients today are as large as ever. We’re having deeper conversation, broader conversations on clients on relooking at their risk on how to design their portfolios in these different types of scenarios. And probably the most important thing I could say is more and more clients are coming to BlackRock.
Laurence D. Fink: It’s actually both. When we have record amount of M&A there, it produces more volume, or stocks are on special. In addition, when you have higher rates, it’s partially rates. And also, I do believe because of our position, because of the stable nature of our platform, and our investible assets or the assets that can be lent, we are able to command premium rates also because of the nature of the stability of these type of assets we have. And we made this as a major component of the value proposition that we provide to our iShares investors and to our index investors and we’re able to generate better returns for them. And in many cases because of the strength and the power of BlackRock sec lending business, we’re able to provide products after fees positive to the index.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, let me thank everybody for joining us this morning. As I said in my prepared remarks earlier, we have seen markets like this before, we’ve seen customers and clients pause but I think we’re better prepared today to meet the clients’ needs than ever before and the opportunities in front of us have not been greater. Our second quarter results reflect the value that our diverse investment and technology platform provide for clients as they invest to achieve their long-term goals. We are confident that continued differentiation that BlackRock provides will enable us to deliver the growth that our shareholders ask of us and the scale opportunities over the long run to help both our clients and our shareholders. And I believe that is intact and the opportunities in front of us are as great as ever. Have a good quarter, everyone.
Gary S. Shedlin: Well, I think Larry, I think you answered it. I think it’s -- the question of obviously what’s there becomes the rate going forward but the sequential and the year-over-year increases obviously then change as a function of timing. So, as Larry said, the growth this quarter of 25% year-over-year did reflect an outsized number of significant institutional clients going live on the platform and the platform will continue to benefit. The other smaller item obviously that will come into play is we closed our Cachematrix deal in July of 2017, which we obviously benefited from the timing of that revenue related to other periods. So, that revenue will now be in both periods’ time as we think about year-over-year changes.
Gary S. Shedlin: We’ll continue to say this, probably answered a couple questions. But as we -- I think we’ve always said, we don’t believe quarter-to-quarter comparisons are the best way to think of our business. We think we tend to look at longer periods of time. And if you look at 12 months versus 12 months on a LTM basis for Aladdin, it’s up closer to 18%, which is much more in line with our focus going forward.
Gary S. Shedlin: Sure, Dan. So, I think there is no question that there are really two or three big drivers of multi-asset flows in the quarter. And one thing I want to just say right at the outset is I think we’ve said before and I think you know very well, it’s important not to conflate the multi-asset line items that you see on our financial reconciliation tables to the broader theme of outcome-oriented investing and solutions. But the multi-asset line item did see 8 billion of flows in the quarter. As you mentioned, continued demand for target data offerings including one significant custom target date solution for a large client. In addition, strong flows into MAI or multi-asset income fund and factor based strategies of about $1 billion each. That being said, we do continue to see outflows from our global allocation fund. That was about $3 billion in the second quarter. And I think as we’ve mentioned before that that is relevant, not as it relates necessarily to the flow itself but we do note that obviously global allo has a higher fee than LifePath does and that obviously creates some drag on fee rate and overall revenue growth. But otherwise, we’re continuing to invest and believe very strongly in multi-asset category in and of itself and broader portfolio construction that pulls together lots of different parts of the BlackRock organization into client models and solutions.
Gary S. Shedlin: So, thanks, Larry. So, I would just echo a couple things. One is I agree with Larry. We really are spending right now what we planned on spending when we went into the beginning of this year. We’re obviously trying to be more thoughtful as to spending in the places we get the greatest impact in the current market. So, there’s obviously always reallocation and rethinking as to what we want do with that spend. But, I think there’s no question that our heads are up, our eyes are forward, and we’re continuing to play offense in the market and continuing to invest in all of the strategic initiatives that we’ve talked at length with you about and discussed again at Investor Day. So, illiquids, factors portfolio construction, technology across the board, as Larry said in terms of alpha generation, digital distribution, our own operating platform, continuing to think smartly about investing in regions, especially in the current environment where maybe even more important than ever to be local in key markets. And so, I think that’s exactly right. On the other hand, again, as I echoed when we talked about our technology, growth from a year-over-year perspective. Quarterly margins are obviously -- we are -- even in positive markets, we would basically ask you to look at the trends overall. I think the trend over the last 12 months has been closer to around 80 basis points of margin improvement rather than what we saw this quarter. And so, spend will change on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And again, I think, looking at longer term trends is much more indicative of our operating leverage than necessarily on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes. Rob, thanks. Good question. So, obviously, as we saw investors pause amidst uncertainty in flows, specifically -- when we looked at what caused some of those slowdown in flows this quarter, we did see a slowdown in our organic based fee growth for the quarter. I would say that that slowdown was primarily driven by a client shift and sentiment on equities. We did see strength in alternatives. We did see strength in fixed income. Though there was a shift to shorter duration fixed income, and that does come with a bit of a lower fee, more broadly. If we look at equities, as Larry mentioned, we saw strong growth in core iShares but less momentum in higher fee non-core exposures versus what we’ve seen historically and in particular outflows in EEM, which is our flagship liquid emerging markets offering as well as in Europe, Japan and some non-U.S. developed markets in equities on a base-fee growth. If we think about those funds, clearly are relatively higher fee than the core. I think we additionally saw some slower active equity flows, particularly in Europe and Asia, which frankly is an area of strength for us from a performance standpoint. And as we’ve mentioned in the past in our discussions, divergent beta and FX, those carry higher fee rates. But again, I think we feel really confident that the broader platform is going to do what it's going to do. As Larry mentioned, we're having stronger and deeper conversation with our clients. And as this uncertainty passes, we're pretty convinced that we're right where we need to be when the client activity kicks back in.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Brennan, specifically to your question on a sequential basis where we saw sec lending up about 18%, I would say that it is definitely both a price and volume as Larry mentioned. I mean, the book was up but frankly, sequentially spreads were up more, and that helped drive it. And I think part of that was increasing rates. So, we saw asset spreads going up. And part of it obviously is just increased demand for specials, which I think is partly seasonal that you see in Europe but also just the fact that the M&A environment is up significantly is helping our business.
Robert S. Kapito: So, this is a great new platform for us, because what we’re doing is giving wealth managers the ability to analyze their portfolios, utilizing all of the technology that we have built in Aladdin, so that they can suggest better risk and better returns, and instead of 100 portfolios, 500 portfolios. So, this is becoming a very, very big business. There are over 7,000 individual advisors that are now using this. And as we're building this out, their requests for more and more technology is quite significant and we're building that in. So, this is going to be something that I think will help and that they will be utilizing their models, some people will be utilizing our models. We will be comparing the products they have in their clients' portfolios to better products that they might have in their portfolios, suggesting that they might not only use our products but other people's products to better the portfolios. So, this is a way to take what we're doing for our institutional clients and get deeper into solutions for the individual investor, but it's a business-to-business where we're utilizing this to help our distributors create better solutions for their clients. So, we're excited about this. We have several firms that have already signed on to this. It's going to take us a while to implement this. And also it takes us a while to get people to actually use it, even though it is implemented. So, we're very excited about this, very excited about the future of it. And again, following up on Larry's comments, it gives us the ability to have more holistic conversations with the wider group of clients and in this case, the retail clients or wealth management clients, which we're seeing a lot of flow from especially this quarter.
Robert S. Kapito: Sure. This is -- I think it’s actually positive for us and that the more people that are aware of ETFs, the better; the more people that have access to the ETFs, the better. So, we are the manufacturer here. And if there is a cheaper way that these groups want to distribute ETFs, quite frankly, it benefits us. So, I think for the distributors, it’s a competitive process that they’re going to have to step up to the plate like we do, because price and value is certainly one of the aspects of ETFs. But for us with the largest market share, the more people are distributing and buying ETFs, the better.
Robert S. Kapito: So, Patrick, the only trend is what Larry mentioned in his opening remarks is that today, you can get as good a yield in a combination of risk-free assets and risk assets, as you can get in just risk assets. So, therefore, the flows that we’ve seen which are appropriate considering where interest rates are and where the risk-free rate has gone that people would come out of high yield and emerging markets because they are not getting compensated enough relative to risk-free rates. So, it wouldn’t be longer term and shorter term, it would just be riskier assets versus risk-free assets. And there, we saw the flows. And when that changes, we see the flows the other way. So we’re not worried about it. It’s really market-oriented and it’s those people that are investing for the short term versus the long term.
