Robert Steven Kapito: We have continued to build investment teams that can weather the different cycles in the marketplace, and we're looking for teams to deliver a consistent long-term performance. And as you know, we spent a lot of time and money over the last few years investing in the right talent to build up the right teams needed to deliver performance. And you should expect that we are going to be very focused on this going forward, especially in areas where we see or feel that there has been underperformance. Let me give you a little bit of a broader answer to that beyond just fundamentals, and I'll touch on that. The first thing is that in our alternatives area, you see that we've expanded our product suite and addressing this with several new teams that are around infrastructure where we think a lot of investments will be made, private equity and real estate, and Ann Marie did cover a bit of that by announcing the addition of the new Swiss Re private equity team into our product suite. Larry mentioned a little bit about fixed income, where we are focused on the process to make sure our teams can deliver strong performance. He mentioned our fundamental fixed income products, which, we are very proud to say, have now moved back to top quartile performance, and the numbers are over 80% in active taxable fixed income, exceeding the benchmark. And then in iShares, continuing to innovate the product suite, where our index funds continue to deliver very strong results, over 95% are above their performance tolerance. And now finally, the equity area, which you highlight, we have brought in a brand-new emerging markets equity team to raise the bar. We hired a gentleman named Timothy Keith [ph] to head a new flexible equity team. We have Chris Leavy, who is a tremendous hire for us, who is focusing now on strengthening our performance in the Large Cap Series, in the fundamental large cap growth in energy and Global Opportunities products as well. So I can tell you that Larry and I are going to be less tolerant of performance that is not up to par with what we need to do to drive growth and raise assets. But when I look at performance, I also want to focus your attention on our focus areas and how this translates into areas of growth for our firm. So we have an income theme, and there, we have focused attention on our equity dividend product. It has not only had strong performance but is rated 5 stars by MorningStar and is the Lipper Leader for total return, and our global dividend income, which has produced really good income, and 85% of the holdings that they have, have increased their dividend. So here's an area where we have fundamental equity with good performance, and that translates into driving growth. Also, in the income area, investors are being served by the high-yield team that Larry cited, which is continuing to be in the top 14% of their peers and raising a significant amount of assets and driving because of the performance that they have. And I'll just mention a couple others. In alternatives, just to highlight a few that may not have been mentioned as well as it should have been, is our core appreciation composite, which is our alternatives flexible fund, hedge fund, has outperformed the target by a significant amount, and we continue to attract interest. And this global alpha product that we started in fixed income is up over 7% net of fees year-to-date. That's a very exciting product for us going forward. Within solutions, the one product Larry mentioned was the Global Allocation fund, and I would just say that this is a long-term team, and while the second quarter was a bit underwhelming, the absolute performance year-to-date is positive, and clients have focused on the good long-term performance and the ability of this team to generate a good alpha in very different environments. And lastly, in the retirement space, we created, as you know, the first target date fund, and 20 years later, we're very well positioned with our Life Path funds. They have outperformed on average 84% of their peers across all the vintages in 2011. And we also continue to see good flows in the ETFs and index product, with notable flows in the fixed income area. So I would say that performance can be described as very good in most areas. Turnaround, finally in a few areas that you've all focused on in the last few calls, but most especially, the strong performance in our 5 key focus areas and the continued investment in our portfolio teams are really driving the business at this point.
Robert Steven Kapito: It's really -- the only change has been the volatility in the risk on and risk off. We still rely upon the process that the individual managers have, which has really not changed, but I think that you may see more volatility in the numbers just because of this risk on/risk off situation, which is happening globally. But I believe the long-term performance in those and the current process that we have will bear out the right performance numbers for the team moving forward.
Robert Steven Kapito: Yes. And I think that the highlight that I mentioned, the FIGA, some of these products, which are the go-anywhere product, giving flexibility to the managers, is going to help their returns. And we already see that attracting flows, and also the clients that are interested, the amount of visits and interests are up on those.
Robert Steven Kapito: No, I think the board goes through succession planning, and we have just done an exhaustive review that's going to be presented. And that's part of our goal is to make sure that we are bringing up individuals, giving them more responsibility and having a very broad bench. And we're -- we'll continue to do that. And I think the focus has been on several people that have left the firm. Unfortunately, no one is talking about all the people that we've recently brought into the firm. And we'll continue to do that and raise the bar for talent. I agree with Larry. We have a very strong bench that's been built over many, many years.
Ann Marie Petach: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, the volatility in the environment has made it difficult for me to pinpoint even my own internal forecast on performance fees because we've seen -- as I've been observing, where some of the biggest funds are relative to high watermarks, I see them above high watermarks one week, and the next week, below them. And it's so much a single point in time measurement that that's what makes the forecasting hard. Rob had the luxury of talking over time, and I fully agree, the performance over time is going to be strong. And I know the question you're asking is the performance on a single day, and that becomes challenged. Of course, last year also was not our most robust year ever in performance fees. And year-to-date, we've tracked broadly in line with last year. But that being said, this environment does make our...
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. So just to give you the specifics, sequentially, marketing expense was up a little more than $20 million. I would say that would be a reasonable rate at which we could run, but there will be some seasonality in our marketing. So you're not going to see -- like Larry said, we're going to spend it the way it makes sense. When everyone's in vacation in July and August, we're not going to be running the same amount of ads. We're going to spend less money, and you're going to see that come down. In the fourth quarter, when people are ready to invest, you're going to see it come up. So we're going to spend -- I think the important thing is we're going to spend the money in a way we think we're going to get a real return on it.
Ann Marie Petach: But even within equity, it's a mix issue going from what I would call the higher-risk areas to the more core areas, and those tend to be higher fee to lower fee. So it's all mixed...
Ann Marie Petach: I think the margin, you're absolutely right with the ETFs and index, both being -- because there's low incremental cost with managing those assets. You can put on a lot of volume. It's the beauty of that part of the business model.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But I would say things like Obsidian is now back to close to its high watermark is an opportunity now going forward. And we have other products that are doing quite well, like FIGA and R3 or BAA. So I think because of the volatility, it's hard to track actually what the amount of performance fees, but I would say we are in a better position at this moment than we were last year in terms of where we are in terms of high watermarks and other issues. So it's now up to the PMs to perform, but we're in a pretty good position. But the volatility is pretty extraordinary.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Let me just say one thing before Ann Marie discusses the specific here. Obviously, all our spend is a function of what our commitment to everybody is related to our margins. Not one expense is looked at separately from a total view of how you're tracking in our margins. Our margins are up about 0.5%. I think depending obviously where beta, I can give you a much better degree of where our margins will be. But I know -- one should not just lock in a spend on anything hard just because we are going to mitigate spend as we think about margins, as we think about going into 2013. But that said, we are very committed in this brand campaign. It is a long-term strategy and a major component of where we believe this firm needs to go. So that, Ann Marie will give you more of the -- can give you much more of the, I guess, the granularity of that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, it's multibillion. It's less than $10 billion. I think -- my guess is $6 billion or $7 billion. I mean, I think about $6 billion to $8 billion. It's in that range. I know the client, but I don't remember the exact dollar amount. And I must say these are not in the pipeline. I met with a client last week and we're looking at a portfolio -- I'm not here to tell you we're going to win it, but we're working on a strategic relationship with a client that is -- it's over $15 billion. We're working on other clients that are looking to outsource a large component. This is something that Rob's working on that may be possibly outsourcing a large component of the balance sheet. So we're not even close to winning these yet, so I don't want to put these in any models or businesses. But we are -- because of this uncertain environment, clients are looking for more, as I said earlier, more thoughtful, more strategic type of conversations, and some of the conversations we're having are really robust. But I think on a general basis, Craig, our pipeline makeup is really consistent with the past types of pipeline compositions.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, a, I learn about a lot of it from the press. They seem to know more than I do. So we did do a beta testing, which the press actually got, and we're not trying to hide from it. It was very successful. I'm not even going to talk about how many clients were on it, but it was successful. We all seem pleased about it. The run rate is probably appropriate with whatever is in our platform already, but if we start seeing it ramped up, we will have a higher run rate once we start really implementing, if we have tens and tens and tens of clients as part of it after we go from the beta testing. And then when you look at -- in terms of revenues, we haven't focused on the revenue model component of it yet because we're focused and making sure the functionality. And if the functionality is good, if we can show to clients that this is a better execution, the clients are aware that ultimately, this is going to be some form of a revenue model. Let me be very clear, though. As BlackRock as a participant, for our clients that we are navigating trades for our clients, we are charging no commission. So that has to be very clear. We cannot do that. That would be illegal. It would be against a lot of the Rissel [ph] laws and all the other things. So we are doing that flat and clear with the idea that we're a higher fiduciary and we're getting better execution. For clients who are on the Aladdin platform, there would be, obviously, a transaction cost fee. It could be cost plus something, which would be very de minimis. So I look at this not unlike when we first created Aladdin, when we all started offering risk management service for our clients. It was really meant to be a cost -- ability for us to fray some of our technology cost. Obviously, it transformed into something way beyond that. We are looking at this as if we could earn enough revenues to offset all our trading platform costs across BlackRock, that's a huge win. It helps our margins. So I don't want anyone to model out something that's going to be a massive transformational revenue area because I don't expect it'll ever be that, but it may. I never would have expected BlackRock Solutions' Aladdin to be as strong and robust as it is so -- but we are looking at it primarily to raise the bar as a fiduciary standard to minimize execution cost for our clients. And Craig, as I said to everybody over the last few years, we would not be upset if the market-makers of today make the most tightest market ever and that there's not a need for our trading platform. We are doing this only because of the issues surrounding Basel III, Volcker Rule, all the other issues, where we believe there's going to be less capital in the marketplace for the security firms to be making markets for. And so as a result of it, we believe there will be a long-term need for this type of platform to reduce our cost of execution.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, let me just tell you a funny story I had. This is not an institutional client -- let me restate. This is not a pension fund client. I was having dinner with one of the large sovereign wealth funds, which clearly is multigenerational tools for capital, and all our conversations over dinner were about talking about long-dated solutions. And by dessert, though, they said, "But we are still measured quarterly." That's the dilemma. And that's the dilemma that everyone's facing. We are -- clients are frightened of short-term volatility, and so they have derisked. And as you cited and what we have said in the past, derisking is actually causing much greater pain over a longer period of time that -- and importantly, if you are -- even if you are an individual retiree, one of our defined contribution client, if they're 35 years old and they've been sitting in bonds for 5 years during the era where you're supposed to start ramping up the compounding of your return to get an adequate retirement, you were really harmed. And I don't believe in our country today, in other countries, we do enough to focus on how does one get to the nest egg that is necessary to live comfortably during the retirement ages. We spend so much time focusing on health care. We spend so much time focusing on how to live an extra day, week, month or year, and yet we spend so little time focusing on how can we build the appropriate nest egg to have that life during retirement. I think in the short run, what we have seen, we talked about this over quarters and quarters, we're seeing more barbelling. We're seeing clients barbelling, going into beta products and then going into alts. Some of it, unfortunately, is not -- they're going into alts. Why? Because of accounting. Because in some, like in some private equity areas of beta, the accounting is longer-dated, and therefore, they have less volatility. And so I hope those are fewer and fewer clients who are doing alts only for accounting reasons. Obviously, another reason why clients are going into alts and barbelling is because they're looking more for absolute return strategies not relative to return strategy, and they're absolutely looking for return strategies that meet -- that exceed at least 7 5/8% return. So they can meet their liabilities. So I would say what we are seeing now -- I mentioned this $15 billion client. This client is worried about low interest rates and how it's impairing, and they have given us this ability to relook and recreate what they should do with this $15 billion. And we're going to be looking at it over a multi-period of time. And so what I do believe clients are beginning to do, they're asking the question how should we frame this out? We're actually spending more time talking to the boards of some of the pension plan, trying to help the board understand this. Their fiduciary responsibility for retirees and for current employees is a very difficult one. So these are very hard questions to answer. And if we continue to have low rates and if some of these plans only earn 1%, these issues become even more enlarged. So I really do believe our platform has proven to be a differentiator in these conversations. So not only do we have the breadth of products, but we have the risk management tools that help them think about it. And this is what gives me a great amount of comfort about what we're doing and how we're positioned.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, as I said earlier, when there's a risk-on in the world with our breadth of products that are worldwide, we will have more than our market share. As I said in the beginning of the third quarter, we've had more of our industry type of market share because there was a little risk-on in the first week or so of July. But when we are head to head in a commodity-based product, I think you're correct in saying when a commodity-based product at one of the core strategies where price becomes more dominant because competitors have equal liquidity, equal tracking air, price is a more dominant issue. Without going into much detail, we believe we have a plan to address it over the next coming months. And it is a big issue. I have to give a lot of credit for Vanguard. They are a trustworthy brand, and they've taken market share from BlackRock in the U.S. core type of equity products. We're holding our own. Obviously, worldwide, we're holding our own in fixed income, but I am not pleased in our positioning to date in the core commoditized products in the United States.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Mike, I think the number one issue is a mix of business. We saw flows out of equity, flows into fixed income, different margins. So on top of the beta -- out of some active strategies and the beta strategies, the key -- and this is an industry issue, much more outflows in equity globally and much more inflows in fixed income. The risk-off trade.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But also if you look at where markets degraded the most, those are some of the higher fee areas, the emerging market products, the energy products, that's where the greatest degradation of actual returns were, where we had these larger negative returns, and those are the higher-fee products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But we've heard the investors ask for more transparency with -- having more visibility with more of our team, and we're planning to do that. And in fact, we have thought about doing investor days at BlackRock. I think we are planning to do that later this year or next year.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Okay. So I was -- so that's already on the schedule. So we have much more transparency and visibility with our leaders of the firm.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to have Ann Marie to really get into it. But once again, I would say twofold. A, the mix really does have a strong impact on the margin. You're absolutely correct. The margin specifically in index and ETFs are higher. But obviously, the equities have a higher margin than fixed income. And so you take into the mix, you take into -- as I said, where do you have the greatest market declines, those are the highest fee type of products. And I think it's just -- it's heavily into the mix, but Ann Marie, help me.
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question that it's an element of our process of thinking. It's not a major element. I think if it was an element, I would not have bought $1 billion of shares back in May. We intend to continue our share repurchase. In our conversation with our board, we believe that will be an essential component. I think you should consider share repurchase as a continuation. We believe that with our huge free cash flow, that is just going to be a continuation of our business model. So we don't -- once again, I don't believe we're going to do any large-scale acquisitions. However, we are going to -- we continue to see small fill-ins, whether it was the Claymore transaction in ETFs or what we did in the fund of funds, which really fulfilled our needs because we have a very strong U.S. fund of funds of private equity. The Swiss Re transaction makes it a global fund of funds of private equity platform, and it actually enlarges our products and infrastructure also. We are actually looking at a couple of fill-ins right now, one exclusively, and we hope that is something that makes sense once we do some due diligence. So we are in the market of making sure we have the best platform and taking advantage and being opportunistic in terms of fill-ins, as I suggested, as part of our business strategy. But I will make it very clear. Utilization of our free cash flow for share repurchases and dividends is also a major component of our plans for the future. Whether we are a SIFI or not, as you said, we don't know what that means for capital. We already have approximately, what, $1.2 billion of capital set aside because of regulators' request as a result of the BGI transaction. So we, unlike most asset managers, we already have capital set aside. We are -- and another thing, you're aware of it, but I need to remind everyone, we're already regulated by the OCC, the Federal Reserve, the FSAs, the SECs. And so I'm not sure how that translates if we are one and what does that mean. It probably will have bigger impact if there are other firms who are not regulated by these entities who will have a more pronounced impact than it would on us. And possibly, and I'm not saying it's going to happen, there's a possibility that if you're designated a SIFI, it might be a good thing. Maybe you are because you're so properly reviewed and scrutinized, you have a higher fiduciary standard and people -- investors want that. The mood is changing dramatically. It was always suggested for banks who are designated SIFIs, and I think this is going to be true, that their liability costs are going to be less because they're going to have more associated capital. And I do believe in efficient markets their liability costs should be less than other firms. Now since we don't have those types of capital needs and debt, it doesn't have that type of impact, but we'll see. We'll see how this all plays out. What I can say is we are trying to be as constructive and helpful when asked by regulators on helping them what it means to be an asset manager. We have spent time educating them on asset managers. So we've had requests from regulators, can we educate them? Obviously, one component of Dodd-Frank, I have to remind everybody, we are not allowed to have conversations to the regulators about this or it becomes a public disclosure item. This is very different than most other forms of regulation or potential regulation. And so let me be clear about it. We are not going to regulators and trying to lobby or try to go against it. We are trying to be cooperative when asked, and so that's why we are still in the dark somewhat about how this all plays out.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I've asked my team that specific question because obviously, that would have a meaningful impact on the future. So we believe it is entirely a risk-on/risk-off type of transaction. As I said, we've had $3.5 billion of inflows so far in July. Those are more of the non-core type of ETF. They're more in what I would call the risk-on type of products. And so more than ever before, I think if you think about it, what area has done some of the worst performances are areas like emerging markets. It is Europe and it is energy product, it is mining, some of the ETFs that were very big winners a year ago. And one thing I think is very important to note, as I suggested in other quarterly calls, we see very large, active institutional participation in ETFs when they are searching for equity exposures, whether it's in Europe or emerging markets. So you have to also think this is not outflows from retail. It was more of the institutional managers worldwide who use ETFs for beta exposures. They are -- they took off risk, and so it's just a -- to me, using this flow information is a great indicator of mood. And when -- I don't believe it is an indicator of a transition into a new pattern of growth. I think it's a real indicator of mood, which is consistent what we are seeing across our other products.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We are having better conversations. Those conversations have not transformed yet into flows, but we are having better conversation or actually having some clients who had us on watch list before who have now taken us off watch list. And one client actually gave us more money. Now that was one example. It is -- so as you know, this area had severe underperformance 3, 4, 5 years ago, and now we've proven that over the 3 years, we actually have consistent performance, a couple hundred basis points over most indexes. And it's just time, but the conversations are more robust. The conversations are better. And I would just say the outflows in that area are the lowest levels that we've seen in the past 6 quarters. So it's -- the conversations are more frequent. I could tell you the consultant conversations are totally changed from one that "What's going on?" to "Tell us more." And so it's just time. I wish I could tell you time is today. I don't have that understanding yet, but generally, we see -- after 3 year anniversaries, you begin to see a slow and modest uptick, and then you start seeing some real flows.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, and I am looking forward to it, too. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, all the employees. I look forward to talking to everybody with a report at the end of the third quarter with a risk-on mood. But we'll see. Have a good quarter, everyone.
