Laurence Fink: Thank you, Ken. So, I would say, what we are seeing more than ever before, our clients are finding the management of fixed income more difficult if they in-house manage it. They're looking for deeper relationships, to have either windows to the market by employing firms like BlackRock to manage part of their portfolios in fixed-income and, in some cases, now they're looking to outsource their entire platform of fixed income. And they are looking for more of a technology solution as a component of that. And it just leads to what I've been saying each quarter, Ken, having this holistic outcome orientation with our clients is leading to these type of broad conversations. We have many deep broad conversations ongoing now and we don't see that type of behavior dissipating in terms of these types of big types of opportunities. But a part of that also is just a systematic approach to fixed income where we're able to provide both index or ETF solutions alongside active solutions. And I do believe they coexist together. We are seeing more clients who employing ETF solutions for fixed income alongside active solutions. And so, having that comprehensive conversation, having the ability to source more product – and that's obviously in this environment now, smaller organizations are having a harder time sourcing, whether it's in the private credit markets or even in the public credit markets. And so, this is where scale is becoming even more important and also having that global footprint in terms of relationships is building these types of flows. I'll let Rob talk about the cash side, but we've been saying this is a huge competitive opportunity for us and we think much of this has started to manifest in this quarter and we believe in the quarters to come.
Laurence Fink: Let me talk about active equities and I'll let Gary talk about Precidian, but I wanted to say one comment about what does it do to passive ETFs. We had active positive flows in our equity business last quarter. It was in the form of a closed-end fund where we raised $1.6 billion and we saw good inflows in our scientific active equity team where we had great performance.  Where you see with other assets manager where they have flows, it's all performance-based. You have to prove, over time, value for their money. This is one of the big things we've always been talking about. If you cannot show the value or the fees for their return, you're going to continue to see inflows in other types of products. You're going to continue to see more flows into alternatives because of the inability of getting active alpha in equities. And so, when you think about a holistic approach, pension funds or insurance companies, they allocate their active risk across a whole spectrum of investment. If they don't believe they could get the value for their money in active equities, they're going to move that where they could get active alpha into more illiquids. So, that's the trend you're seeing. And so, you're seeing more of a transformation in the alternative space where they're getting more active alpha and you're seeing that's been barbelled by a predominance in ETFs. So, if more and more managers can provide value for their money in terms of active alpha returns after fees, then we're going to see systematic more flows back into active in the equity side. And so, I'm not here to project that the whole industry active is going to have active returns. I think it's harder and harder as I've been commenting over the years about active managers producing active alpha with all of the democratization of information. It's becoming much harder to differentiate yourself, and that's what we've seen. And so, we have systematically been shifting our equity teams into more thematics, into more model based and scientific, into I would say more specific portfolios with fewer shares, stockholdings. And so, we believe that's where active equities is going to be migrating and we've been doing that over the last two years and now we're starting to see some of that success.  On the rise of active ETFs, which I'll let Gary talk about, that will have no impact – and I underscore no impact – on index-based strategies. People are using index-based strategies for a purpose, and that is really the – getting back to my conversation about alpha allocation. So, when you think holistically about your alpha allocation, where are you going to get your active alpha? And so, that's the bigger issue more than anything. And I do believe, when people go into index-based strategies across factors or across sustainable types of products, those are more precision instruments, those are instruments that give them those type of reference. That's not going to change. And so, I'll let Gary talk about the Precidian, but if active investing becomes a larger component, then there could be an increased role of active ETFs. But let me have Gary talk…
Laurence Fink: And I would just say one on a more holistic basis. When I write my CEO letters, I focus on the societal changes. And we are seeing huge societal changes with more millennials and more Gen X and they are much more adept in using technology and we need to be at the forefront of helping them. I do believe the retirement crisis in America is a component of lack of financial literacy. And so, anybody – it is all our respective jobs is to use technology to improve financial literacy and improve better transparency for people who are investing. We need to take the fear out of managing of money for most people. If we could reduce that fear of management of money, I think the outcome will be leading to more people putting their money to work, and that's one of the structural problems we see in Europe and other parts of the world. And so, to me, it is only – it's going to have to be through better and more unique technology, and that is what's driving us to try to provide leading technology, Aladdin for Wealth, to create more transparency. When you think about the movement, especially on the advisor side with more and more movement toward illiquids, when you think about iCapital and then eFront, if we could provide better transparency and information on the illiquid side alongside Aladdin for Wealth, it will lead to better financial literacy towards investing in illiquids. But it will probably lead to better outcome investing for everybody. And so, when you think about how we are trying to design our technology and our technology offerings, it is all – the foundation is some of the things that I write about and how we can then take this and really build a unique position in all those societies we work in in terms of trying to provide better financial literacy, better financial outcomes. And so, that's the entire foundation of what we're trying to do.
Laurence Fink: I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and for the continued interest at BlackRock. Our strong second quarter results is really linked to really these deliberate investments we've made over time. And what I've been continuously talking about, our deep partnerships we've built with clients globally, being footprinted globally by providing a deeper purpose in all the communities we operate. We see meaningful opportunities that continue to leverage our differentiating scale. BlackRock's purpose of trying to help people having and achieve better financial outcomes. We're trying to use our leverage to invest in our investments and technology capabilities for the ultimate value creation for our clients. And through the value creation for our clients is going to lead to longer-term deeper value for our shareholders going forward. Everyone, have a good summer. Hopefully, people have some time to take off and we'll talk to you in fall.
Robert Kapito: So, let me just accent Larry's comments. So, the depth and the breadth of the conversations that we are having with clients is really resonating now and leading to these large strategic wins because clients are looking for a long-term strategic partner. So, these conversations are about understanding the investment challenges they have and helping them execute strategic portfolio construction decisions. And we have now the unique ability to offer a holistic solution. And this has to include technology, portfolio construction, modeling capabilities, have various asset allocation strategies that involve both passive and active strategies and includes trading and includes analyzing credits and it also includes balance sheet management. So, all of these things have been more significant to get the strategic fundings than ever before, and I think the result you saw in this quarter really reflect this. And our clients are putting out an even greater premium on this differentiated value proposition that we offer. Part of this is also cash. We saw $26 billion of cash management net inflows in the second quarter and we are now number three globally as a money market provider. And these flows come from both large separate accounts wins and strong flows into our institutional money market funds as we continue to innovate, leverage scale and deliver digital distribution and risk management solutions. So, as a reminder, more than 95% of BlackRock's cash assets under management is institutional where we are differentiated with our scale, risk management and technology. So, we believe this differentiated set of cash offerings, including money market funds, separate accounts, CTFs, ETFs and other short duration strategies help us to serve our clients. And lastly, I would say, in cash, we are transforming our cash management business by delivering distribution and risk management technology through a portal that we have called Cachematrix and also through Aladdin. So, we are creating a technology-first distribution strategy, and this is driving our success in cash as well as holistic approaches to get these large strategic wins.
Robert Kapito: So, the biggest opportunity for Aladdin is to make it the language of portfolio construction for wealth managers, for financial advisors and also for individual investors. So, Aladdin is currently live with 11 clients globally. This is Aladdin for Wealth.  We continue to see very strong client interest. I would caution you to say that, when we get an Aladdin assignment, there is sometimes three, could be as long as six-month implementation part of that before they come alive. And there's also, of course, ramp up fees that we have until they get large and they start to grow. So, we are seeing more and more demand. And, quite frankly, for every one client that takes on Aladdin or Aladdin for Wealth, it creates demand to become the standard in how people are going to look at technology. And what this does is simply brings risk transparency and portfolio construction capabilities, both in the institutional market and in the wealth market.  And also, when we're having conversations about our risk technology, it also piques their interest in what we can do with their portfolios and balance sheets and adds on to other business that we might do with them and, quite frankly, vice versa. So, when it comes to Aladdin for Wealth, there is a whole education process for advisors to use the technology and you can have any app you want, but you actually have to use it. And we're finding the increased interest is not only because of the risk technology it provides, it's becoming an asset gathering tool for these advisors. So, our expectation is it's going to grow. We have more client interest in it and it's, I think, going to continue to grow as it's been growing in the past for us.
Robert Kapito: Yeah, I think the quick and dirty answer is just that they need a strategic partner. It's not about just filling or checking a box with one particular product. So, when you can go and you can provide the technology to them, you can provide opportunities for modeling portfolios, portfolio construction, when you can give that answer and have the products in-house to give them the appropriate asset allocation, whether it be passive and active, whether you can actually trade and get the allocations to provide them the products that they need, whether you can do the credit work on their current portfolio and improve it, then whether you can actually look holistically depending upon what type of client it is and help them with balance sheet management because, in a period of low interest rate, every basis point counts. And that's were also cash comes in to be able to provide the appropriate allocations in that balance sheet to improve it or the portfolio itself. Really makes a difference in a low interest environment. So, that's where we're seeing the interest in having more dialogue with us because I think this approach is unique in our industry. The second part is really what's driving fixed income to go more and more into an ETF structure. And you're going to hear a lot from BlackRock about this because there's really four or five different reasons. One is, there is an evolution in portfolio construction and millions of people are actively using fixed income ETFs in new and innovative ways to achieve a variety of outcomes. So, keep in mind, it is still a great way to derisk your portfolios. It is a good way to have more liquidity, more transparency, more diversification and better tax. It's just a better wrapper. There's growing adoption now by institutional investors. So, institutions like pension funds, asset managers and insurance companies rely on fixed income ETFs for very quick efficient market access. As the bond market now starts to modernize, electronification of bond markets are going to support the growth of fixed income ETFs as well as entrenched bond ETFs as part of a vibrant fixed income marketplace. So, technology is also helping this market to grow. And then, as the previous question alerted us to, there's constant ETF innovation. This is the development of new bond ETF exposures. And what it's adding is the most important part of this, which is convenience of investors to access the fixed income market with better liquidity at a better price, and we are constantly now coming up with new tools to customize portfolios and drive future bond ETF adoption. It is right now a very small portion of the fixed income market. We are very optimistic about the future growth. As Larry mentioned, global fixed income ETF assets under management crossed $1 trillion in June. And even at $1 trillion, fixed income ETFs represent less than 1% of the $105 trillion global bond market. So, we have high expectations for growth and we think we're going to benefit from the growth in this market.
