Robert Kapito: So most recently we haven't seen the price structure that we had seen in asset. That has settled down. Certainly, [Indiscernible] in the market look to use price as one of the ways to enter the market, but I haven't seen that really in the last quarter. Going forward I think smart beta is one of the areas that going to continue to be a successful product than a necessary product. We currently have about $125 billion in client assets across a variety of factor based products and smart beta products. We actually recently hired Dr. Andrew Ang and he is going to lead our factor-based strategies group so that we can lead in the factor-based investing on portfolio construction. And we're going to combine our skill set and his systematic investments skill set along with Aladdin to focus on the factor in the smart beta area. So, I think you are still seeing that something that clients are going to look for. We already have a number of these, one as our minimum volatility fund. We've raised about $2 billion. And we are the leader in U.S. ETF in the smart beta area. But just to step back on the price, please keep in mind that prices are only one reason why people buy ETF. They are looking for precision or what you're discussing a new approach in smart beta or factored investing, they're certainly looking for liquidity, which means, you have to have a fund and have some sort of size depending upon the type investor they could get core investor which we call it buy and hold or they are looking to be more active. So, price is important but its only one aspect and I just haven't seen the price pressure that we've seen a year ago and up to the first half of this year.
Robert Kapito: I don't think there's anything unusual. The multi-asset product segment is a segment that clients have felt very comfortable on the long-term performance of that and they sometimes use those products as a cash alternative. And so when there are movements in and out of the markets risk on, risk off, they use that particular product. And in the last quarter we've seen a lot of risks off trades and that product has been used for that, but there's nothing out of the ordinary. We're seeing inflows now in that area, the performance is good, so it's really just an aberration over the core.
Robert Kapito: Okay. So I would just say there is two movements. One in Europe, certainly with the RDR rules, people are moving more towards advice and asset allocation. And when you look at that the best product to achieve that is iShares or EPFs. And so we're seeing continued demand because of those rules being so important. But we are also seeing the same thing in the U.S. where our clients are using iShares for asset allocation purposes and that bodes very well for EPFs going forward. And the last trend is the products are trending to be more global products rather than just U.S. and just European. The global products are also seeing some demand. So some of it from changes and regulations, but a lot of it is due to education and people are having knowledge that iShares can actually play a big role in achieving the results that people want in their portfolios.
Robert Kapito: Ken, that's a great question and it is a question I'm not going to answer because I don't talk about my clients. I just – it just something we have never made even any reference to any specific sovereign wealth funds or anything, so I'm going to leave it that.
Robert Kapito: Well, I think the narrative about high rates and what does it mean for fixed income flows is just an entirely incorrect viewpoint. And this is one of the key elements of what I think is differentiating BlackRock. We're focusing on helping clients, meet the needs of their liabilities. Many clients have liabilities that are very long dated, many clients have under invested and so they actually have a gap between their during of their liability versus the duration of their funds. As interest rates rise, if they rise, I think they will rise one day. We are actually going to see an accelerated movement towards clients buying longer duration assets. And that's I mean, I'm not talking about trading strategies, but clients that are pension fund oriented or long dated insurance type of products, they're going to use this as an opportunity to buy different long dated assets. Clients who are more interested in any trade obviously they're going to get out of the long duration and moving to the low duration or something like our strategic income opportunity fund where they are not going to be constrain to a duration, it will be unconstrained products. So, what the third quarter saw? We saw lots of moment. We saw some clients were adding duration. We saw some clients were reducing duration. We saw some clients taking advantage and this is one thing that I haven't seen in the narrative. We saw, we have clients who are taking advantages of the rising high yield market because high yield underperformed in the third quarter and we saw clients are moving back into high yields, because the coupon and risk adjusted basis in the categories are achieving their needs to match their liability. So, this is an important component of why I believe we have differentiated ourselves because we are working with our clients, trying to keep the narrative on what is their outcome that they are seeking. It's not about trading in and out, it is about how can they best achieve and composition of assets to meet their liabilities. And by continuing to drive home this concept of long termism and outcomes instead of the noise of the moment has allowed us to have deeper dialogue and I think the flows and fixed income shown the results of having deeper dialogues and focus on outcomes.
Robert Kapito: So, this is the beauty of ETFs that we constantly have been finding new uses for the products, so as futures becomes more expensive to use than ETFs had opened up a whole new world that we didn't even think about because of the collateral cost behind futures contracts. So, when we are going into the capital markets and we are meeting lots of fixed income and equity clients and having discussions and talking about to them about uses, most of the time we walk away with some other ideas that we didn't think about that they have needs for. So as you know now ETFs are being use as a surrogate for futures across many institutional accounts, so we think that's going to continue, how big that can be, just think about the size of the futures markets and certainly regulation is going to play a big role in that as well. So, as capital costs are going up or lots of institutions, ETFs are starting to play a bigger role. So that's sort of where we're adding and I would tell you in the fixed income side, fixed income really let the equity market when it came to new uses and we have added a bunch of people in our capital markets group for iShares to go out, and to really work with different institutions in both education and also both learning what some of the needs are so that we could innovate those products for.
Robert Kapito: I think the opportunity remains to be quite large as we saw in our investment survey that the clients were looking to add more alternatives. And this is worldwide across the globe. We are – this is one of the big reasons why we are building our infrastructure platform, continue to build out our hedge fund platform, our real estate platform. So, as I said earlier, we are in deeper conversation with clients than we are ever been before. Much of it has to do with the quality of our relationships, our focus on risk management, and our ability to deliver solutions, I mean, that sounds like a lot of talk, but that positioning is now transformed us to have those dialogues five years ago when we in many relation where we strictly had a beta relationship we were not – we did not have ability to provide the products or have the dialogue with many more clients. I believe today, we have more dialogue. We have deeper dialogues with clients worldwide that is going to allow us. If the opportunity prevails when a client is looking to reduced beta exposures to go into other forms of outlet exposures whether it is active equity management, active fixed income of alternatives, we have those dialogues and I – once again I do believe the third quarter is starting to show that evidence that we are able to navigate. Rob and I spend a great deal of time on the road. We have – we are constantly reminded that if we could provide the holistic solution to our clients, that we can provide a deeper analysis what the needs of our clients we have seen consistently that we are able then to have a broader product range solution for our clients. And as we continue to drive that and build these relations, I think you are going to see that navigation and interflows in our business. If you look specifically in the third quarter, we grew many different types of alternatives, we had $2 billion in positive flows, we had another $1 billion in forward commitments and the most positive thing I could tell you related to those flows, those flows principally came in six different products, which is another statement of the growing product breadth that we are developing for our clients.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And I would say one of thing Robert, and specific in the third quarter we had one client move from multi-asset into an alpha product, so as Rob said, people are utilizing that but one client actually had greater conviction and went into a totally oriented market exposure alpha product.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, there are some very large – without getting into client detail or any clients, there are some very large movements from some clients that are actively moving out of government securities into more risk oriented securities that's pretty well advertise without me going into the specifics of that. We have seen some clients because of cash needs have been selling products. So I think Asia-Pac has been dominated more by three or four large institutions moving around. I think I'm talking about the whole ecosystem of the markets. And then, while we saw more consistent flows in Asia-Pac iShares. We are seeing actually more utilization of dollar assets today related to our institutional clients. And I would say, in some parts of Asia as Rob suggested in the fourth quarter there is more and more movements towards multi-asset. So, I don't see any major change in specific to BlackRock in the third quarter. We did have index outflows in APAC and however as I suggested in my formal speech some of these clients moved into more active products and so we had actually positive overall revenue growth in that region. So, I would say nothing that was extraordinary, just some large actions. And I think you're going to see a consistent growth on Asia-Pac overall as some of the major clients are looking to investing more global products away from their host products or host country products, so we feel good about Asia Pacific and Australia right now.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So, obviously this is a proposed comment, proposed liquidity risk management role. And also they are focusing on stress testing funds. I think it's very important that we have better disclosure on liquidity for all funds. We have better disclosures on stressing funds. There are certainly more and more dialogue about one directional trades worldwide from the regulators. And so, I actually believe the SEC is leading this effort and trying to come up with the appropriate analysis to help guide investors, understand the embedded issues, risks or opportunities in mutual fund. So, we look at this as a net positive that and we are always in favor of better disclosure. The one cautionary thing we would say to any regulator. Let's not make retail products less competitive than institutional products. So, for instance if they suggested that a mutual fund product should have a higher cash buffer and that would probably mean most institutional clients would move to a separate account, we may not achieve what we're trying to achieve. So, we are in favor of better disclosures. I think few better disclosures going to have better processes, possibly stress testing of fund depending on the methodologies that may work too. So, we have an open mind and I don't know Bill exactly where it's going, but we want to play a constructive role globally on these issues, if I would say, as we talked about over the last few years regulators worldwide have gone from analysis of firms related to SIFI designation to activities. And we were a big supporter of that as a firm and these are the type of activities that most certainly the regulators is going to be focusing on and as I said we have constructive positive dialogue with the regulators throughout the world on this. So we'll wait and see.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to let Rob answer. Let me just start off in saying and then Rob will, because he has much more texture on it. Regulation has evolve in Europe, regulation in terms of the inability to pass on fees have led to obviously more opportunities with ETFs. And we are beginning to see that I would say, specific about European ETFs and the equities. We are seeing more interested investors in equity exposures in Europe, so I think that is a single -- that's a trend as a market exposure trend, but I think distribution trends are going to lead to much greater reliance by distribution platform utilizing ETFs. We actually have also you saw Ken, that we had positive inflows in our mutual fund platform and we had consistent mutual fund flows in our EMEA operation. So I think the third point that I would make and then Rob will go into this specifics. I think our positioning in Europe is just getting stronger in both mutual funds and ETFs.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I don’t know, I don’t know how the rules are going to be coming out. On the surface it will change the relationships with the distribution partners with their clients, we have to adapt our business with our distribution partners on that business. I think one thing is very clear how this outplays that it means greater emphasis on beta products and ETFs. But until we see how this has rolled out, and we’ve had comments on it that are very public about our opinions related to the DOL. I would also say that if investors feel more confident because of however the DOL [ph] plays out that if investors feel more confident that they can invest fairly, securely we are all benefited by that. Now, I’m not sure how that will play out, but we’ve always believed that we could have a market place where our clients feel more secure that they have an opportunity to earn a fair return over a long cycle everyone will be benefited by that. The Clients obviously our distribution partners and the investment management team. So we once again, we have tried to take a constructive approach to the SEC, mindful that some of the SEC Fiduciary rules would change the relationship with our distribution partners and we’ve tried to work with the regulators in terms of finding a sensible solution that meets the challenges of our distribution partners, the asset manager that importantly giving the end client the trust that they need in terms of investing for the future.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So where we are starting to see the biggest turnaround is from the fundamental equity business. We spent a lot of time and money I should know in trying to rebuild our efforts there and the teams. And I feel very good about this, certainly in Europe our team there has been together longer. Their record across the board is now very strong and now we are starting to see the same efforts in the U.S. through our capital appreciation fund, our equity dividend fund. So the performance is actually really good. Now on top of that the scientific act of equity grew to more quantitatively driven and manual driven portfolios. The three here a record which had left a lot of the consultants look at the 98% of the assets are above the benchmark or appear immediate. We had work to do domestically and today the fundamental act of equity business 81% of the assets are above the benchmark for the one year period. So as time goes on, the performance is really, really much better. So when you see better performance it translates directly into flow and we are starting to see those flows or having much better dialogue with our consultants who are now putting us in the mix for proposals and we’re also internally very focused on building out the equity effort and you are going to hear a lot more from us, from our marketing teams and the rest of the teams across the firm, because we are going to be much bigger in the active equity space and we are very happy to have the performance to back that up, so very important part and we’re still adding people but we are getting results at the same time, good positive feedback from our clients.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And just – just drill down as you have asked just a couple of notes for you, our equity dividends, our product was now in the 37 percentile. Our basic value has come from the 51st percentile to the 20th percentile and our large cap core has risen from 76 to the 29th percentile. Those are big loans and I believe those are sustainable, it’s just the beginning of what we could do when we combine the knowledge and the communication across the platform.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So different products have different liquidity sets. This is one of the reasons why I think liquidity disclosure is a good thing. We have mentioned high yields. High yields have somewhat less liquidity than an investment grade product, a treasury fund has more liquidity than an investment grade corporate product. You are paid a higher income for those types of returns and I do believe having a measurement hopefully a dynamic measurement, a dynamic measurement will allow investors and we are talking mostly retail investors having a better understanding and so if we can come up with a metrics that is dynamic, that is informative about of liquidity of anyone product and differentiating that liquidity amongst different funds, because some funds some mutual funds have systematically always even in the asset categories of let’s say high yield have been consistently invested in the lower grade of high yield with less liquidity and some mutual funds have invested in the higher grade high yield that had more liquidity and so some form of dynamic measurement is probably good. I don’t – I actually believe once again as investors are becoming more informed and they better understand the risks and the returns I actually believe it will lead to greater investments in different asset categories. This is something we should all embrace. So I don’t – as I said I look at this as a positive. It’s a constructive way of analyzing, we just need to make sure that we don’t cause so much problems at all institutions run out of mutual funds and go to separate accounts and we may not be achieving everything that is necessary. But – we want smart investors, smart investors is better for the entire asset management industry. We should not run away from markets that are opaque, we should always be trying to find ways of making more transparency in terms of risk. In terms of Aladdin, greater risk analytics, whether its liquidity analytics or stress test analytics is a very large positive for the future direction and needs of clients utilizing Aladdin. As I said in my prepared remarks, Aladdin is growing 11% a year. We are in deep dialogue with many clients right now and I feel very good about how Aladdin is the risk management platform of choice by so many investors worldwide.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So we – we are very excited about what Future Advisor will bring for us. We believe having better technology to interface with our distribution partners will give us a real opportunity. It is too early for me to really go into detail how we are navigating it, but in the early weeks we’ve had a refreshingly large amount of interest with our distribution partners in the utilization of this technology. Once again, through this technology if we could increase the knowledge base of products, increase the knowledge base of information through this technology we will have deeper and more robust conversations. If we can our hope is to and our intentions is to link our Future Advisor technology with our Aladdin technology to help our distribution partners to have both better risk analytics and better client interphase information so they could be providing better guidance to their clients. This is a long term investment for us, we are more excited about the investment today than we were as we thought about making the investment. And as I said earlier we are thrilled with the response by our distribution partners to have more engagement utilizing this technology. So it’s too early to really get into any details but our management team of Future Advisors are running around the country right now having many dialogues and conversations alongside our BlackRock solution team. So it is very important to note that we never really talked about it, putting Future Advisor into our BlackRock solution platform really gives us this ability to really create a third party platform to provide independence information for our clients that is very similar to what BlackRock Aladdin does for our clients independent risk management. So we look at this as a great stepping stone for a deeper connection with our RIAs and our all our distribution platforms.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Once again, I thank all of you for joining this morning and your interest in BlackRock. Our third quarter results once again highlighted the investments we made to enhance a differentiated platform, a more diverse platform, a global platform, a risk management platform. We continue to differentiate ourselves by taking a consistent long term view while staying ahead and navigating the near term developments in the financial markets. I think we help our clients by having this diverse multi product platform to help them navigate and I think the third quarter results speak loudly with those results. Have a good quarter and we’ll talk to you in the New Year.
