Larry Fink: And one other point, fixing ETF utilization is far less than equity utilization and the opportunity for that to converge quite a bit.
Larry Fink: Well, the momentum is as I said carrying on into 2015. We’re seeing – I think much of it has to do with the continuation of performance that we have generated with some top decile performance in our core business, our leading performance in our unconstrained fixed income, our top quartile maybe top decile performance in high yield. So across the board the performance in all the different fixed income products continues to be quite large and we’re seeing more and more clients are just also using beta products for fixed income. So, across the board we're seeing that but in terms of where we’re seeing clients looking to put more money to work, we're seeing increased activity in the client contribution area where we’ve had some rather substantial wins. We continue to see in terms of insurance companies, always at the beginning of the year, they get big infusions of cash, this is one of the fundamental reasons why we thought that rates would be going down in the first part of the year, obviously we didn’t expect some of the activities that occurred but fundamentally you always see some very large activities from insurance companies because of the beginning of the year. So, it's across the board and it’s geographically diverse too. So we think this is going to continue but I must say with where rates are at this moment more and more clients are going to be looking for different types of expressions of exposure that I do believe with where rates are it's going to lead to more and more clients searching things like infrastructure debt, other activities like that and this is one of the reasons why we’re so heavily invested in our infrastructure teams. We will continue to see clients reaching for yield and high yield whether that's a good strategy or a bad strategy. I specifically believe, rates are going to stay lower longer and I think the activities that you’re seeing in Europe whether the court's approval of the OMT for the ECB and the greater possibility of QE from the ECB but continual easing in Japan and importantly as Chairwoman Yellen has said, she's going to be very data-dependent related to what the Federal Reserve does. So, I actually believe this just creates more money in motion and more opportunity for BlackRock especially with our flows.
Larry Fink: I don’t think they’re targeting any one product. I think you’re investigating products where there is obviously large growth and where there is areas where you may have mismatches of liquidity and or you may have need for greater disclosure. So, there is nothing new from our point. We are - if a regulator asks us to provide information we do that worldwide. We are embracing in a very positive way the movement towards the review of activities. We will be the largest beneficiary if the market is perceived to be stronger or transparent, easier to understand by more investors we will be one of the largest beneficiaries of that event and so we are embracing the concept of better financial ecosystem for our clients and if that means greater disclosure, greater transparency, we will embrace that. But I think it’s incorrect to say they are targeting because I don’t think they are targeting at all, the conversations we’re having - there are open dialogues, they’re expressive. We are providing information as asked. Obviously the dialogues are one dimensional asked, why can’t we provide information - and that’s all we know. We presume these questions are being asked by dozens of dozens of different managers and - but we’re up in this process and we will all wait and see alongside with you what the outcomes will be. And I think this will be quite granular, I think we will see how this plays out and - but unquestionably you’re going to see probably different disclosure requirements or different liquidity issues in some products and by enlarge we're into more of that.
Larry Fink: I don’t know how this is going to play out with where rates are today going forward. I think it’s very hard in most cases to be closing up pension funds, but let’s step back and why have we seen elevated pension closeouts because you’ve had significant rallies in U.S. equities over the last five years. Companies have been closer to meeting their liabilities and they have a desire to minimize income statement volatility because of the issues related to the pension fund. So, we are in dialogues with many people. Some of the firms have used annuities and working with insurance companies. As you said, we are in dialogue with many organization, some of the organizations are transforming the DB plans to DC. As I said, we’re seeing elevated growth in our DC business in the fourth quarter and we expect that in the first quarter, and we are having dialogues with many, many institutions worldwide about the possibility. But I would just caution that with rates being so low, unless you see significant equity rallies it becomes a little harder to do that or the companies are going to have to infuse some type of money to making sure that they’re matched. But I would say unquestionably BlackRock’s global platform, the ability of having our strength in target date and in terms of DC plans and having like path on the DC side, we have a lot of components working with our clients whether it’s LDI products which obviously will create a derisking and obviously we could help quite a bit in helping them think about how can a pension fund ultimately transfer some of the risks. But I don't want to call it unified across the board, I do believe depending on where each company is related to the liability. And as you suggested quite correctly about the elongation of age, these are all big issues. We've actually had conversations with organizations that did LDI years ago and now how do they factor in this elongated aging process and are they properly matched. So, but one thing is very clear to companies that have done the derisking, it is not a static one time event, they have to be constantly monitoring as depended on how the liabilities are changing. And as I said earlier, we are very involved in these dialogues, and I do believe this plays really well with our global platform of having great analytics and helping company think about it. We have long period of time of being involved with insurance companies and doing a lot of liability matching type of products for insurance companies that plays really well into LDI and other areas for us.
Larry Fink: Well, I truly believe the successes we had in 2014, will continue in 2015. The composition of our successes in fixed income across so many different products whether it’s unconstrained, high yield, total return, MIA, is a great indication of the rest of our platform and importantly where we believe continue flows will be. On DC specifically, I think we're in the early component of that. We're in dialogue with many different contribution platforms and I do believe in the DC side, one of the reasons why we have the dialogue is there to strengthen our data products in fixed income, our strength in our index equities, our target date products, and because of the large and in depth conversations we have with our clients it’s giving us a great avenue to help them think about how they’re going to be thinking about the DC business. As I said, our total return business - total return product in DC is in the top 3% for one, three, and five. So, you come across whether as I said, target date or other products we’re in a very good position to win or clients pull the money as that money remains in motion.
Larry Fink: Well, the one area that I had a large amount of dialogue most recently is in factor based equity investing. That’s the biggest most recent type of dialogue. So the one area where we’ve done quite well is in the model base equities and we’re still not seeing really any flows but we’ve had now five years of great success there. I do believe the traditional fundamental equity business is alive, it’s not well, it had poor performance as an industry, I think that’s where you’re alluding to. We’ve seen great movement as an industry, movement out of maybe more of the fundamental investing into index. But I would say now, Bill, if you believe in a greater divergent market, a more volatile market - I've been asked many times questions related, should I be in an indexed product with a great divergence because I can't capture some of the great opportunities that are going to be masked by the great failures. So when you think about the energy market, if you think about an emerging market world context, China, India, is going to be hugely benefited by this. Countries like Russia, Nigeria, potentially Brazil, are going to be harmed by this, how do you play that. And so this is why more and more of our clients are asking about things about smart beta, factors, and I do believe we're going to need to capture different ways of finding alpha, but importantly in our actions related to fundamental equities, we’ve always said this is a five year project, 2015 begins the third year. We are committed to this and if you do believe in the world of great divergence, if you believe in a world that one day you will have - whenever that day will be, higher rates, it generally means - historically you would think this is a better environment for stock picking in fundamental equities. So our model is purposely built and positioned to benefit on this active and passive world, but the one thing that I am going to be pretty loud about, I do believe the most neglected component of the equity investing is basically model or factor based investing where we have a great platform, we’ve had great returns specially overseas. And I am very bullish on building this out as a component of our active equity area and I am quite frustrated to be frank that we haven’t seen the momentum that I thought we would, but this is an area where in my most recent meetings, last week in Asia, every client asked about factor based investing in a divergent world. So we’ll see how that plays out, Bill. But I do believe in this divergent world and the way we are built the model of BlackRock will be a beneficiary of that.
Larry Fink: Yeah, let me just touch on one more thing. Our fourth quarter and full year results as I think we have kind of expressed in our formatted speeches and in the Q&A, truly highlight the diversity and the differentiated platform of BlackRock. We are seeing the impact of our large scale investing that we made over a year and we are continuing to make those large scale investing in infrastructure and equities. We're going to continue to make these investments and those investments are going to pay-off in the next few years. And I think it’s vital to understand that we believe this differentiated platform is the key component of what is been delivering, this type of compounded growth that we have had on behalf of our clients for our shareholders. And I think that will continue and most importantly what I'm proud of as an organization we were able to deliver these investments and I'm not here to tell you all investments paid off, but we’ve been to continue to deliver these investments. And at the same time as Gary discussed, we saw a consistent increase in our margins over the course of the last five year. I think this is what differentiates BlackRock and I'm certainly not suggesting that we’ll continue forever. But I do believe that continual investment in people, I have to remind people, three years ago we only had – we had less than 10,000 employees. Today, we have 12,000 employees. This is just an investing in our platform, investing in our client connectivity, and investing in products and in most cases we're delivering. And this is something that really has given us that differentiated business model. And I do believe it's going to continue to drive our future at BlackRock. So, I just want to thank you everyone for taking the time this morning. And thank you for your interest at BlackRock. Have a good quarter and hopefully the next few weeks are going to be little less volatile than the last few weeks. So enjoy.
