Ann Petach: Yes, when we think about that inside of any in-depth investment, it is a little bit like the cash business in that we really don't have to have a lot of resources, as you have billions of dollars of assets of coming in. So when you think of new business coming in, you can think of that coming in at an accretive margin, that is very positive despite low fees.
Ann Petach: Well, we're not going to answer that question specifically, but we do. And I think this is a positive for us in the business if we do have a certain amount set aside and the close will risk the regulatory purposes, and that's certainly the core foundation.
Ann Petach: No. We don't really breakout of those assets. I don't think we've seen a material shift in the way that we are working together with clients, and that's the trend we watched. So again, Mark, where you have the greatest transparency is thinking about the alternatives, but what we don't break out for you are those separate accounts and long-dated assets eligible.
Laurence Fink: Well, it is our objective. I would say, we clearly hope that we will be reducing that, the outstanding. That we are going to start -- so we are purchasing some of the employee plan. What Ann Marie has said in her speech is we have to be conscious of the hurdles that we have with S&P. We do not want to break any of those issues and we will be very mindful of that, but we do have room.
Laurence Fink: Anything I do with the Federal Reserve I can't even talk about. And that's a requirement with our relationship there. As I said, in a macro way about BlackRock Solutions, our business is very strong. The opportunities are large. We had a very strong first quarter, and we expect the second quarter to continue to be strong.
Laurence Fink: As you know, Bill, we have -- we will have opportunities to continue to raise our dividends aggressively and/or if when we have those opportunities that will prevail in repurchasing shares subject to paying attention to the S&P hurdles.
Laurence Fink: I think I said at the end of the first -- at the end of the fourth quarter, our objective to have a margin of over 40%. And that has not changed. And so as we continue to invest in people, in brand and product, we are mindful of where we believe our margins should go. But if we see a massive opportunity, I will invest in that. I'm not here to tell you there's anything that is unusual that we're going to be investing in right now that is going to change my views of margins. But I will not foresake what I could say accelerated growth for up to 1/4 margins, if that was the case. But I know what my target is. We are mindful of it everyday as leaders. And we are managing our investments accordingly.
Laurence Fink: I think, that Financial Times had a really good story on designation. And it basically alluded to, and I'm citing the article not my opinion, but I think it has merit. It cited that in most cases, most of the members of this committee believes specific designation should remain with leveraged companies. It should be small and if that criteria carries the day, we would not be designated as one. There was another competing view that there should be 50 firms in that article. And it kind of alluded to, that was a very minor, minority position. But the article is already two weeks old so it is dated. But from my indications and our conversations with Belgium and Washington and London, I don't think at this time, we would be a systemically important institution under that definition, that is prevailing at the moment. Of course the definition may change. I'm trying to dance around it, Bill, as you can see.
Laurence Fink: Yes. And there's no question. I actually had a conversation with a leader of a large institution and they're looking at capital management and our solution team is going to be visiting them next week on things of that nature, of helping them in asset sales and how to look at their capital base. I mean don't give them advice in terms of when and what to raise in terms of equity because we're not an underwriter, but we are working with institutions. As we think about Basel III in terms of how should they be looking at their assets. So that's a -- no question, the big opportunities that we see for our Advisory business. And in addition, this is one of the reasons why we are a little more aggressive than I thought we would have been in terms of building on our alternative spaces. There's other firms that we're in areas that are not considered proper under Dodd-Frank. We are re-looking at different types of alternative activities including private equity. And so we do believe it is an opportunity. I would call it Christmas tree because you still have to perform. But I would call it added opportunities for asset managers and certainly for Blackrock.
Laurence Fink: No, we don't. We don't do that at segment reporting. But I don't believe there's not much headwind left. I mean there are some in the U.S. area, but as I said we are seeing growth in the non-US.
Laurence Fink: Well, it's an active dialogue that we're having and my General Counsel is looking at me, because there are active dialogues right now. I'm going to have my General Counsel smile now than I can't talk about it.
Laurence Fink: Well, one thing I can say because we're expanding our flows in retail internationally and the leader higher-fee businesses in the U.S. Well, I think some of the flows internationally were skewed by some events in Japan. The circumstances around Japan with the tsunami, nuclear problems and the earthquake, we have witnessed outflows from Japan and that's skewing some of our international flows. The Japanese have bought back money. I think this is one of the reasons why we are seeing maybe weakness in the dollar recently. And so, I think our numbers internationally are skewed by some of that. But we believe over the long run, and this is just an investment for the future as GDP grows, as savings grows, opportunities will prevail. And so you're right in asserting that we're still seeing more growth in the United States, that's a fact. We are witnessing more growth now in South America and the opportunities we have there. And we believe we're going to have more opportunities in Europe as our brand continues to grow, especially in the retail side. But Asia flows are slower than we would like. But we believe we need to continue to build out Asia to take advantage of future opportunities.
Laurence Fink: Yes, it was predominately pension. It was predominately pension both U.S. and non-U.S. where we had both large relationships, both legacy BGI, legacy Blackrock had a large relationship. And that's where the flows were. It was not sovereign wealth. It was not insurance. It certainly is not retail. It was pension funds worldwide. And as we are trying to telegraph, most of it is in index. Some of it was related to what we knew when we did the merger scientific on the equity side. And so that's where it is and that's the remaining block is another -- is the institutional. So that's where we are.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think, we don't see any fee pressure in that area. I think what you're seeing is a very large DC allocation and DCs lower fees in some of the fiduciary outsourcing and some of the other products. And so as I told you, we had some very large wins in DC and that's where the fees are smaller. In terms of our growth in DC, I think we have we are picking share because we have some really innovative products in our LifePath products and we just rolled out a new really strong product in our target date and LifePath products that we're starting to see some real accelerated opportunities there. But I think it's fair to say, the defined contributions, there's a lot of flows in the beginning of every year. And I think that's a seasonal component. That's when people will generally change their defined contribution plan at the beginning of each year. Unless there's some serious issues, the first quarter, generally, a quarter of a lot of change from different managers in the defined contribution plans. And I think we've picked up share in the first quarter.
Laurence Fink: Once again, I just would like to thank everybody for their commitment to the firm. Once again, as some of the employees are on the phone call, I want to thank all the employees for another good quarter and a lot of hard work. I'll talk to everybody at the end of the second quarter. Have a good one.
