William R. Koehler: Steven, this is Bill Koehler. We, in the face of the present environment, when we recognize the need to rationalize our branches, while also repositioning them in a way that allows us to provide the right convenience for our customers where they are. So as we think about rationalization, it takes 2 avenues. The first is looking for stranded branches, branches in markets where they're not contributing to density or the client experience we're trying to create. And in doing so, we see a number of opportunities throughout our entire footprint. We've already made or notified the OCC and some of our customers in 17 cases. The other is continuing to invest, in a very selective basis, in our priority markets to a much lower focus on de novos and much higher focus than we've done in the past on relocations and consolidations, again, to position our branches more closely to our customers.
William R. Koehler: The other thing I would say, Mike, if I would, we think the fact that our spreads have held relatively firm is a strong indication of our relationship strategy and it strengthened residents in the market, in addition to what Chris talked about earlier relating to our strong FEMIX [ph].
William R. Koehler: Jake, this is Bill. A substantial amount of -- a very substantial amount of our branches on a store-level basis are profitable. We are focused, though, on the opportunity cost here for those that are less profitable. Where is our opportunity to take that same expense, redeploy it, either in that market or in a different market with different demographics, growth profile opportunity? How do we redeploy that same expense, in a way that is more impactful to our revenue and strategy in that market. So that's really how we are thinking about the rationalization effort.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. Steve, I completely agree with Jeff. While there's been, on the margin, a little bit of pressure over the last 18 months, it's basically holding in terms of structure and in terms of pricing. The other thing, of course, to keep in mind as you think about our business in the Corporate Bank, we are deriving about 54% of our revenues from non-interest income. So we actually feel pretty good about the competitive landscape right now.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Jeff. So Berkadia is an interesting transaction that basically touches sort of both sides of the equation, both revenue and expense. We have been, through our third-party commercial loan servicing operation, a large servicer of Moody's-rated deposits. Moody's rates about 65% of the CMBS market. The CMBS market at one point was close to $300 billion. We think this year it's going to be a $35 billion market. So, as we thought about our inability to bid on Moody's-rated CMBS projects, we entered into this JV, this agreement with Berkadia whereby we swapped deposits. So the net result of it was we basically were able to garner deposits on the tune of $610 million. And most importantly, it put us in a position to bid in the future on Moody's-related business. We've been fortunate enough to win some of that business. And then the other piece of it, Jeff, that you alluded to in your comments is the variability of the cost structure. So, by doing so, we were able to take out 80 positions, which was about 23% of the workforce, and variabilize our cost structure in the event that the CMBS market doesn't return to the previously high levels.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Mike. It's Chris Gorman. I would say there is a greater level of hesitancy out there on the part of our commercial borrowers that we've seen over the past 6 weeks. And I will tell you that while the businesses are performing well, while they are delevered and have plenty of cash, they feel pretty good about their business. But they're concerned about macro issues. And those macro issues, depending on the day the rank order changes, but it's really kind of 3 issues. One is the fiscal cliff, the second is the election and the third is Europe. And we have seen a more cautious attitude on the macro side of things from our clients in the last 6 weeks or so. And we're out in the market a great deal, and I think that's pretty consistent.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I guess one last comment, Steve, I'd make is that the leverage lease impact hit the commercial loan overall yields. So, if we look at the -- from the margin analysis that was on Page 18, adding back $13 million worth of the hit that plays for writing off fees associated with the origination of those particular leases impacted the overall margin by about -- on commercial loans about 15 basis points. So, on an adjusted basis, we'd be closer to the 409 for the total portfolio versus the 394. But there is some, as a remixing, there was some overall downward movement even without that adjustment.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, I'd live to have, maybe, Chris talk about one of the other things because we talked about Berkadia and the arrangement we have, but that hits both on the cost side as well as some of the revenue capabilities that we have in the company.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, there's some remaining on the credit quality. But you can see that in terms of what we have overall, on other real estate expense for example, this quarter is probably a good example. It was $7 million. The balances that are in other real estate have now come down dramatically, at $28 million at the end of the quarter. And I think the overall level of nonperforming loans continues to trend down. So, we are future prospects of having other real estate are going to go back to what I'd call a more normal level. You're always going to have some. You're always going to have some credit cost. The reserve for unfunded commitments was up this particular quarter and that will be a function of both migration of credit as well as the overall level of commitments that are outstanding. So, that becomes a little bit choppier and more challenging to predict on that. Well, we've already taken out a significant amount of cost associated with our workout area and have redeployed those individuals into other parts of the company. So there's some with credit, not a lot with credit. This is really getting at other areas of the company. If we think about -- we did a lot with Keyvolution with backroom consolidation. There's still more work that's being done on some of the consolidation efforts. And then we get into some of the occupancy costs. So as we go through and we have vacancy around the company, what we're doing is really restacking and eliminating some of our occupancy overall. If you think about every foot, on average, it is $28 to $30 a foot. If you can take out a million square feet across the company, that's a big run rate savings overall. Those are the things that we're really focusing on. But I think, as Beth talked about and as Chris talked about, we're also looking at what our reinvestments are into the future. Bill talked a little bit about repositioning some of the branch network while coming down in total branches, doing some repositioning too. And then just looking at what we're doing on a commercial payment side and some of our other initiatives. We're using this too as an opportunity where we can make investments to grow revenue long term, but we do have to have that overall efficiency get down into our goal of 60% to 65%.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Craig, it does have to have revenue overall improvement. That's why we continue to make investments to grow the revenue and grow other parts of the company. So, we know we can't cut ourselves to prosperity, but we have to be leaner and we have to be more efficient.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Josh, this is Jeff Weeden. We've already gone through a tremendous amount of balance sheet restructuring. So, if look at where we are today, at 86%, 87% loan-to-deposit ratio, we have been paying down our overall debt. So, we saw another $1.4 billion of debt maturities in the first quarter. We had $707 million of the trust preferreds that we retired deemed last week. That's all part and parcel to it. We've brought on the deposits from the upstate New York branch acquisition we completed also last Friday. It is a repositioning of the balance sheet. We've got a much more, what I'd call, a productive balance sheet. It's core-funded. And we're really set for overall growth there. Our capital ratios are already high. And, of course, returning capital is one of our targeted objectives here. But it's something that we work in conjunction with the regulators and go through the CCAR process. And we were pleased that we could return, or have authorization to return $344 million in common share repurchases, plus the increase in the dividend that took effect last quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matt, this is Jeff Weeden. So, we've spent a lot of time here in the last several quarters going through our expenses and setting forth initiatives. But these initiatives do take a period of time to fully implement. So, we've started on some of the things we're already doing. So if you talked about the Berkadia transaction, verbalizing some of our cost there. We have initiatives that are underway and they will continue to gain momentum. And I think you'll see most of that in 2013. There will be some savings here by the end of 2012. But I would frame it more in the $30 million to $50 million run rate.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matt, those are more choppy and difficult to predict. So, while we have opportunities that are out there, it does not. So, in other words, what we do is we will identify what those leverage lease items are, because I couldn't tell you specifically which ones may hit at this particular point in time. They are different in terms of how much they have in terms of capitalized origination costs against them.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. So in terms of the TLGP debt that matured on June 15, the $1 billion was at approximately 1 month LIBOR plus 200 to 210 in that range. The trust preferreds we swapped back. So, the $707 million that we redeemed on June -- on July 12, I'm sorry. $139 million was at the 3-month LIBOR plus 79 on a swap basis. And the $568 million, which would have been the capital tens that we had out there, they had an 8% coupon, but we'd swap those back to, basically, 3-month LIBOR plus about 236, 240. And then on the CDs, I think we've covered that earlier. There's over a $1 billion of the CDs that are out there that mature in the third quarter better at about a 5.06%, 5.07% cost on them. But that's reflected in that overall $2.5 billion blended rate at 2.23%. And of course, on the asset side of the equation, we expect that we'll have continuing cash flows coming off of our investment portfolio. That's been running at about $1.5 billion a quarter or $500 million per month. And what's been coming off is around 3%, and the reinvestment rates are closer to 1.6% to 1.75%.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, all right, from a reserve-to-loan standpoint, of course, this is something we build up each and every quarter. And it's really going to be dictated by our forward look, also, of the portfolio and the embedded risk that's in that portfolio. And that has been with positive migration of credit. And again, I'll point you to the classified assets -- or criticized assets at the back of our investor that continues to show overall improvement, along with the nonperformers, et cetera. So it's trending down. Our coverage ratio, I think, on annualized second quarter charge-offs, were about 2.8x right now in that particular range. So, I think if we continue on this path and we get down to that 40 to 50 basis point, you're going to see reserves continue to come down some, but not necessarily as dramatic as what they have in the past as we get closer and closer to that 40 to 50 basis point net charge-off ratio.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. I think we'd just look -- we'd point you to our overall blended rate that we have in our portfolio and we've identified what that is in our slides. If you look at that, just probably around 10 basis points on transaction accounts blended. So there's a good mix of savings account and now accounts and money market accounts in that particular portfolio.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Bryan, we really haven't changed our overall outlook for the remaining part of the year. Last quarter, we gave a range of $290 million to $330 million. I think that's a consistent range. A number of the things that we have under our initiatives are intended to show overall improvement in that as we get into 2013 and beyond.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: The overall yield in -- the leverage leases impacted the commercial yield. So that's what I'll focus in on. Adjusted, that actually cost the commercial yields around 15 basis points in the current quarter. And again, I know that we have to look at overall mix and mix does have an impact, and so depending on how much is fixed-rate versus variable rate. But a large portion of our overall portfolio is variable rate and a large portion of that has already been repriced at this point in time. So there could be additional pressure in those overall yields and that's going to come from continuation of some repricing. But, for the most part, new credit has been holding very, very stable, I think, since the third quarter of last year when they had the debt crisis and the European banks also started pulling out of the market here.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we're looking at the cost side more aggressively because we do expect that this rate environment will be here for an extended time period. So we're not looking for the margin to continue a steady upward climb to our long-term target of 3.5%. I think as you look at this particular environment, we have to look at the cost side. That's the lever that we're looking at. And then also looking at where we will be strategic in our overall investments as a company to grow other forms of revenue that we have. And that may be investing in certain new verticals, people, et cetera. But we will be making investments in the future. But, as we said earlier, we have to take costs out of the organization. Those are structural costs that we have to get at to get to that 65% efficiency based upon no change, if we had no change in revenue, but we're not forecasting no change in revenue. We're forecasting other forms of revenue that we will continue to grow in this company.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think what we've laid out here is how we get down into our particular operating environment of 65, basically. I think it was said by a earlier caller. If you look at the 150 to 200, it will take 4% to 5% off of the efficiency ratio based on current revenues.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, the decline that's reflected in the second quarter results are just those that had early payout along with normal amortization. So, I would -- there's both in the press release, as well as on Page 22 of our slides, that we have -- you'll see a breakout of that particular portfolio. It's down to about $3.4 billion at the end of June and we have a number of categories that are just going to have normal amortization associated with them. So without any acceleration due to early terminations of leverage leases, I would expect that we would see that continue to go down $200 million to $250 million per quarter and continue to amortize on out.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we think that range is definitely achievable because we had some of the leverage lease gains, but we also had additional expenses associated in the current quarter with the expense initiative, which was around $4 million to $5 million worth of our overall cost, as well as what we had for the branch acquisition in upstate New York, which was approximately $5 million. And then other real estate expense was higher also this quarter as we continue to liquidate out that particular portfolio. I think, as we look forward into 2013, we'll provide updated guidance as we get -- as we usually do in the first quarter of the year. So in January, we'd expect to give that as we continue to work through our overall expense plans going forward from this point.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Allen, this is Jeff Weeden. We are following our plan that was submitted as part of our CCAR. And I think we've talked about that in prior calls and meetings. And that is that we will continue on this pattern that calls for the $344 million of share repurchases beginning in the second quarter, which we did, and continuing through the first quarter of 2013.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Matthew, this is Jeff Weeden. What impacts it, and we put this in the financial highlights, or the highlights of the quarter on the first page of the press release. The fact that these leverage lease transactions, the gains that we recognized on them are nontaxable under our prior agreement that we entered into with the IRS several years back. So that's what's impacting the effective tax rate. If we have more of these transactions, it can have further impact on the overall effective tax rate. But what we try to do is use a GAAP basis, and if you look at it from a tax-equivalent perspective, the effective tax rate for the year, based upon what we have through the first 6 months of the year, would probably be in the range of about 25% to 26%.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Steve. A number of things that we're looking at, I mentioned that we continue to invest for growth. So we have several initiatives within the company, such as how we're positioning ourselves in healthcare, work that we're doing in our enterprise commercial payment space. We have done a number of things where we're enhancing product capabilities, adding to our sales force and creating programs that we believe will grow revenue over time. We're also looking at the inherent productivity of our sales force and our product mix within it. So that's another opportunity where we're going to spend a lot of time making sure we have the right people against the right products in the right market. So we still [ph] look generally across our geography and see an opportunity there as well. And then we continue to see momentum in our -- what we call our distinctive business model between the alignment of our Corporate Bank and our Community Bank, to really across a continuum of businesses from $25 million in sales up to $1.5 billion. We're offering more holistic products from lending, deposits, treasury management into the Capital Markets capability that we continue to win clients, be able to meet more holistic needs and increase our revenue through the alignment of those 2 businesses. So we have a variety of things where we are very optimistic about our initiatives in revenue.
Beth E. Mooney: Josh, this is Beth Mooney. I'll go ahead and take that question. I think it is clear that we are, as an industry, operating in, what all of us would concur, I believe, is a challenging rate environment, extended low interest rate, low GDP, a cautious sentiment among American businesses and specifically in our client base, and then you add the increasing cost of regulation that is impacting us as well. And you put all those together and it is clear, as I said, that we needed to be purposeful and proactive in addressing our cost base and our plans for revenue in light of those industry economics. So yes, there is very much a strategic point of view that we are in an environment that should last for several years, call it a new normal, and that we should realign our business plans, strategies and expenses to reflect that environment. And then from there, we clearly need to be tactical in how we get there. So, we are in the process of planning, evaluating and creating implementation plans that will help us create that path to those savings. And as we think about a number of the initiatives, they are strategic. They are strategic in how we can also grow revenue deep in our client base and acquire clients. So it is a combination of both. But this environment, we believe, will be extended and requires us to respond and be more proactive in our plans.
Beth E. Mooney: And Matt, I would say one piece that I think is important, is that we will give, with this call each quarter, updates on specific initiatives and run rate savings. So we will be continuing to report out on this.
Beth E. Mooney: Erica, this is Beth. We have been working, and part of what we said in our comments, that we have been working on plans for several quarters now. And I would tell you that this has been a culture of continuous improvement, and we recognized, as part of our target of 60% to 65%, that we would need to be more effective in our cost structure. So, it is not necessarily new thinking. We shared, this morning, our goals to make it clear how our path to 60% to 65% takes form and over what time, as part of giving clarity and more insight into what our thinking and planning has been.
Beth E. Mooney: And Mike, I would just add it was a 2-year out sort of view to your question. As you sit here in this current environment, I think it is important to underscore that you've managed that which you could control and took some piece of our comments and what we're sharing of our expenses today is to underscore our [indiscernible] fair line of sight around what we can control.
Beth E. Mooney: And Jake, those leverage leases that we bid on in our second quarter are in our exit loan portfolio under commercial lease financing.
Beth E. Mooney: Andrew, this is Beth. It does build on the success of our Keyvolution initiative. And some of these are a continuation of items that we did under Keyvolution. I think Jeff mentioned the consolidation of backroom operations. How do we look at sourcing, how do we look at occupancy? How do we look at demand management? How do we generally try and get more efficient and effective? So, when we stopped reporting on Keyvolution a year ago, we said it created a muscle memory in this company for a continuous improvement. So, we believe it is a continuation of Keyvolution in terms of capabilities and focus. It is not programmatic. We don't have a name for it. It is just a commitment to structurally reduce our costs through the levers that are available to us, on to become more effective and efficient and report out on those.
Beth E. Mooney: Our capital priorities continue to remain consistent and we have always said that we feel like the most important thing we need to do with our capital is continue to use it to support our organic growth opportunities that are within our franchise and for our clients. Second, we talk about dividends as a second priority for return of capital to shareholders. Third, an important recognition in another form of return of capital to shareholders would be share repurchase. And then fourth, make sure that we have adequate capital and appropriately deployed for opportunities for growth for the company.
Beth E. Mooney: Nancy, this is Beth. I would tell you that our target, and we have been consistent with this for some time, is that 60% to 65% range. And we have talked accurately about our far-flung nature of our branch network, but also the mix of our businesses will also help drive the efficiency ratio. So, we view this as an important for us to articulate our path to 60% to 65%. And I do think it is incumbent on all institutions and bank management teams to constantly reevaluate what is important and where is the right place for us to position our aspirations and our targets relative to our peers and our performance within the industry. So I think making steps to clarify our goal, how we are going to reach our goals, is important to know that we are constantly evaluating our business mix, our opportunities and what are our appropriate financial targets.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And to all of you, thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lammers. That number is (216) 689-3133. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
