Chris Gorman: Sure. We'll get into that analysis in just a second. But there's no question that we early were surprised at how low the betas were and as of late, we've been surprised at the steepness of the curve. So your question is a good one. Before I turn it over to Clark, let me just give you a little bit of context on our deposit base. Our total cost of deposits as is in the deck there is 99 basis points. Our cost of interest bearing deposits are 1.36. As we mentioned, our cumulative beta is 29. And as you just brought up, we now expect betas to peak in the low 40s. But I just want to talk a little bit about the composition of our deposit base. We are a business that's more heavily canted to commercial than retail. And if you think about those deposits, these are people that we've helped through many cycles. Most recently, we've helped through PPP. Over 80% of these accounts are operating accounts. And so when people talk about what's insured, what's not insured, I think one thing that some people miss is if you're running a $200 million or $300 million or $400 million business and we have the operating account those deposits aren't going to go anywhere because it's a living, breathing thing. And so I just -- I thought I would just give you that context because when we think about deposits, we always bifurcate it by category. But getting back to your question, Clark, give us the rigor behind the 40 -- low 40s and our confidence in same.
Chris Gorman: Yes. Good question, Scott. So we would have originally thought Q1 was the low point. We think that's now Q2, and then we'll start to see some stabilization and uptick in the back half of the year. And again, part of that is the -- really, the swap book starts to roll off. We begin to see some treasuries, although, they're fairly light in 2023 and yes.
Chris Gorman: I think you have to go through sort of the price discovery. And I think there's a bid and ask basically on equities. As you can see, there's some deals getting priced. You can see there's some high yield that's getting done. But I think, Scott, what it's going to take is for kind of buyers and sellers to readjust their expectations. And I think my experience is that process takes a while. But eventually, people adapt to kind of what the new normal is. And as I said in my comments, I actually think it will come back sometime in the second half. Our pipelines are down about 10% from last year which in the grand scheme of things, if you think about this time last year is not bad. So the pipelines are good. We actually had a nice quarter in terms of advisory -- but a lot of our clients, frankly, are sitting on the sidelines. There are deals to be done. And frankly, we're advising many of our clients that now is not the perfect time either to enter into the financing market or to complete a transaction. But it will come back and the pipeline is building. Some deals will just go away, but it will come back.
Chris Gorman: I'd be happy to comment on that. To the premise of your question, there's no question that we'll be experiencing. We're going to have to carry more capital and there'll be more regulation. I personally think TLAC is going to be part of that or some debt security that looks like TLAC I also think that we'll probably have to carry more capital. We, as you can imagine, have run all kinds of scenarios. We feel comfortable that based on the burn down of our based on the earnings power of the company. And based on timing, i.e., there would be some comment period and some phase-in period. We feel like no matter under all the scenarios that we've looked at we feel confident that Key can be in a position to meet both the regulatory and the capital requirements going forward.
Chris Gorman: I mean, yes, if you think about the incorporation of the swaps, right? So, the swaps are there for exactly that purpose and they would reduce the sensitivity on the way down, that's the intent of those instruments.
Chris Gorman: Yes, two components, right? In I think our view, the forward curve, I have not seen a view yet where rates come down below where swap rates would be. So we would -- we're going to let that roll through our natural loan rates and yields flow through in 2023. In 2024, we've effectively replaced the swap book with forward starters at a higher rate, $3.40 on average and floor spreads with a kick in rate of 3.40%. So if rates were to stay higher, we'll get the value on the floor spreads, we'll carry the negative carry on the forward starters. If the forward curve plays out, both of those will be in the money at some point in 2024.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So I'll keep trying. I'm worried, I'm not being super clear. So the $6.2 billion of received fixed swaps in 2023 are going to mature. $1.7 billion of that matured in the first quarter. We're not planning to replace those to protect the loan book in year from a receive fix swap standpoint. There's another $7.5 billion that roll out through 2024, and we've taken steps to effectively replace that, not all of it exactly. It's we're in the $7 billion range, half of which is forward start received fix with an average rate of 340 -- so just think about that as replacing the existing 24 rate and now bringing that up to 340 and then the other half with floor spreads that have an attachment point at also roughly 340 just by coincidence. So that really is the protection against rates coming down, which the forward curve would project at this point, and it would lock that $7 billion or so at a $340 million yield or higher as those other swaps roll off.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So thank you for the question. Let me just, kind of, broadly talk about the quarter. Mike, there's no question it was a challenging quarter for us, but we continue to do the things that we need to do to build the franchise. And so what are those things? You mentioned expenses. We put a hiring freeze in place in November, and we took out $200 million or 4% of our expense base just in the quarter we just completed. So that's one of the things we do. We've talked a lot today about how we're managing our balance sheet. We have taken significant actions and we have the luxury of taking the actions because they're short duration, both on our swaps and on our investments to put us in a position where we can benefit from the rise in interest rates. So we've done that. And then the other thing we continue to do, as you know, is we continue to strategically invest in our business and focus on targeted scale. So my perspective is, yes, this is a challenging quarter. Yes, we have to get through this NII drag, but we have a clear path to do so. And that's what we as a team are in the business of focusing on.
Chris Gorman: Yes, Mike. Our -- we have basically -- we are at the low end of our guidance for the year already. So what we're going to be doing for the balance of the year is we're going to be recycling capital. And to your point, there's no question that the cost of raw material has gone up significantly. We're certainly not going to change our lending standards. But in terms of pricing, we will make those adjustments. We're fortunate that we have a bunch of relationships that pay us really well, and we're in a position to serve those relationships. But as you and I have talked before, lending on a stand-alone business that's hard to return your cost of capital. So you can imagine when your cost of capital goes up, that the pricing and the other things that you're doing for those customers, frankly, will have to be even greater.
Chris Gorman: I think, over time, that's what you're going to see, right? We'll be using the capital markets as they open up to actually place paper for people. But in terms of putting new debt on our balance sheet, we're not going to do it unless we have a complete relationship and we can drive a whole bunch of revenue. And that in itself will be limiting.
Chris Gorman: Yes. Thanks, Manan. So, right question. The good news for us is, we undertook the expense cuts, so we could make those investments, and we've got both on the consumer and commercial side, a focus on deposit and customer acquisition technology, whether it's digital capabilities in consumer, things like embedded banking, which we've talked about before or other payments capabilities on the commercial side. So that cost cutting was in part to make room for exactly those types of investments.
Chris Gorman: I mean, we'll assess that as we go forward. I think we feel well prepared to handle the deposit challenges in front of the market right now, and I think our numbers have shown that. I think more than anything, we're probably likely to be more offensive on the deposit side than we've been to date, and we feel well armed to do that.
Chris Gorman: Yes. It's a good question, hard to answer in a vacuum, but my sense would be you'll see higher quality portfolios, although ours is pretty high quality today, and you'll probably see shorter duration or more floaters. So it will be interesting to see if that's the way it shakes out. The broader impacts of bank security portfolios moving in that direction and how that might impact the market more broadly.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. Just to be clear, 66% of our deposits are either uninsured -- either insured or collateralized. So that's point one. But I don't know -- I can't speak to other people's book. We -- like everyone, we saw some deposits move out, particularly in places like high net worth individuals. We saw some in the smaller end where kind of small business and business banking, where basically the deposit is the business and the person are sort of synonymous. We saw a couple larger excess deposits move. But in general, the reason we've enjoyed such stickiness of the deposit is kind of the comments that I made earlier, these are operating accounts or businesses, and these are businesses that have been clients are key for a long time. And frankly, there wasn't even a lot of angst. I mean, we obviously did a good job of reaching out to all of our customers as we always do. But I was very pleased with the stickiness of the deposit in the core deposit base.
Chris Gorman: Yes. I don't really plan -- we don't plan on executing any buybacks until there's clarity as to what the capital framework is going forward. So I don't anticipate that we'll be doing any share repurchases until there's clarity.
Chris Gorman: Yes. We'll have to follow-up. I don't have that specific number in front of me. But we'll follow-up with you, Steve.
Chris Gorman: Well, thanks for your question. So, basically, you have servicing then you have special servicing, where you're the named special servicer and then it goes into active special servicing. So, think of active special servicing as being the workout agent for off-us loans, whether they're CMBS or whatever. We have seen a huge surge in active servicing. And what was the number one just a quarter ago, the biggest category was retail and the fastest growing was office. And what's happened is that's flipped. Now, office is both the fastest growing and it's the largest by a significant factor. So, we do have a pretty good insight. We have an insight by class. And just so you know, office is first and then retail is second. And then we also, of course, have a geographic breakdown because real estate is always geographic. So, it does give us great insights and it is very dynamic and kind of the trends that we -- some time ago, we said we thought we'd see a lot of B and C class office buildings in central business districts. And although we, for our own book only have like $127 million of that exposure, we are seeing that play out and now office is the number one category in active special servicing.
Chris Gorman: It's much higher than four times because you go from getting really kind of just sort of a ticking fee you're actively working on it. So, it is multiples of what the regular fees are as you go into special servicing. And when you look at our financials, you can see the bump in that line item.
Chris Gorman: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. This concludes our first quarter call. If you have any questions, please, as always, reach out to Vern Patterson. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So I'd start, I think, with balances, Ebrahim. I think we feel very good about where our balances sit today relative to where they have been relative to the market we're in and relative to competitors. So it starts with balances and then you get to pricing -- as we've talked about in the past, we've been more focused on retention of deposits than acquisition of new deposits, and I think that is reflected in the beta to date. The other point since last third quarter, fourth quarter, as we've watched the market develop, I think we -- while we would not purport to have perfect information about behavior, we have a much better view on how customers are interacting I think the commercial betas have mostly played through. So we've seen those come up. Many of those, as we've talked about, four are indexed and others, there's been a lot of conversation engagement with commercial clients. The consumers are always slower to move, and we believe at this point, we have a better view on how they're behaving, the types of accounts they want and how competitors are reacting. So when we look at the low 40s number up a bit from the high 30s, we have some confidence that we can deploy beta in across the retail franchise, but also in some targeted customer sets to not only retain but potentially acquire some deposits going forward.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So what's embedded in the chart on the page, Ebrahim is the forward curve, which is coming off. I don't have in front of me exactly what those rates are, but they're coming down pretty significantly over that time frame. I could follow-up with a little more sensitivity, but effectively, you can think about the forward curve in that 720 range as we talked about annualized. Maybe the right comparison is, if rates didn't move at all and the spot rate just sort of played out you'd get back to that $1 billion number. So you see a little bit of a sensitivity between "higher for longer version" where the spot rate just sort of sticks versus the forward curve, which is coming down fairly significantly over the next seven quarters.
Clark Khayat: So I think we've shared before, but I'm happy to talk about it. So if you think about 2023, we had -- at the beginning of the year, about $6.2 billion of received fixed swaps rolling off, $1.7 billion in the first quarter at a rate of 2.62. So that was sort of the highest of the two-year rate. The rest will roll off through the year, so another $4.5 billion. We're not replacing those. So we're going to allow on that portion, the natural asset sensitivity of that loan book to come through. Next year, another $7.5 billion of swaps mature. And we've essentially replaced those with a combination of forward starters at an average rate of 3.4%. So there's some negative carry in that. But in the forward rate, they actually are a bit in the money by the end of the year. And then the other half with floor spreads that kick in at $3.40. And the value of that, as you can imagine, is we get all of the floating rate value above 340 until the forward curve comes down. And if we were in a higher rate environment, we would benefit from actually not hitting that floor. So we think we've managed the downside risk there quite well and preserve some of the upside. The reason we wouldn't do or haven't done more or all floors or floor spreads at this point is just the cost of volatility is pretty high. So we're trying to balance the kind of the risk reward on that trade.
Clark Khayat: Sure. From noninterest-bearing, we've seen that come down 29% to 26, 27, we would think that, that would make its way to the mid-20s. But I will say there's one caveat in there, and that is we have been using the I believe we've talked about this, but we've been using what we refer to as a hybrid account with many of our commercial clients where we're taking noninterest-bearing deposits and some of their excess balances and keeping them together in one interest-bearing account. So we've moved balances out of noninterest-bearing into those accounts. They would reflect on the balance sheet as a decline in noninterest-bearing, but it allows us to maintain those balances in a technically interest-bearing account, but at very attractive rates. So again, we can break that out over time. But I would say the noninterest-bearing decline probably isn't quite as stark as it would appear on its face. As it relates to net interest income, second quarter, we'd expect that to be down kind of 4% to 5% in Q2 with NIM, NIM coming down in part because we're carrying a little bit excess liquidity post the early March period, and we would see that come down we think maybe another 6 to 8 basis points. And then as I responded to and Scott's question, kind of stabilize and start to come back up in the second half of the year.
Clark Khayat: Not at the moment. We just -- we haven't provided that yet, but you did -- you would see our -- obviously, our guide for the year on NIM being down a little, but that's obviously going to require us to be stronger in the second half than we expect to
Clark Khayat: And Mike, I'd just add two things. On the expenses, they're up because of the charge, $64 million. If you took that out, we'd be in good shape. And I think if you annualize that number, we're right in line with our guidance of relatively stable year-over-year. And again, that's in the face of some inflationary headwinds. I think on the provision, you heard in our charge-offs, we didn't change our guidance, which may beg the question of why did you build your provision? And frankly, we're doing what we think CECL was intended to do, which was when macroeconomic conditions change, you build the reserve. So we're applying that standard, and that would be the reconciliation between two quarters of build and no change in the charge-off guidance.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So just to -- sorry, Mike. Just to be super clear, the 6% to 9% year-over-year loan growth really was resident at the end of 2022. So it really just reflects the growth that occurred in 2022, just to make that abundantly clear.
Clark Khayat: Yes. And they never go up as much as they should because, frankly, there's too much excess capacity in the banking market. But no, they haven't moved. And that's where it really pays to have a wholesome relationship like where we can drive a bunch of other revenue, but there hasn't been the adjustment yet that there should be based on the arbitrage between the capital markets and the bank market.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, let me just start with HPI because that's where you started. The -- as I think we may have talked about Moody's, which we use the Moody's consensus, they put out an HPI model in Q4 that was updated. They still produced their old one. We were comfortable with the old one. Now it's just the new one, which I would say is fairly draconian and sort of by -- their HPI, Clark, went from 4.6% in November to 8.8% as of February under the Moody's consensus -- so that would be the Draconian part of Draconian Yes. So that's a big mover and largely unemployment went from 4.5% to 5%. So those would be sort of the two big impacted areas.
Mike Mayo: Given that extra caution, you kept your loan growth the same at 6% to 9%. So I'm trying to reconcile your more caution with your provisions with no change in your loan guidance, whereas, others have brought down their loan guidance as they tighten things up.
Mike Mayo: And so, one more follow-up. It seems like the capital markets is pricing for risk more than the lending markets. But when you have that conversation with your commercial customers and say, 'Hey, we're going to pass on this higher cost of raw materials.' Are you seeing any additional pricing power in lending markets? I mean, it just seems like loan yields should be going up more than they've already have done.
Mike Mayo: I guess, I sneak one last in there, if that's the case then, I mean, the cost of all materials are going up and you can't get the loan yields you desire, maybe just delever a little bit and just not have much growth, but have less risk, or I mean, how do you view that trade-off? Because just...
