ChrisGorman: Sure, Scott. Well, thanks for the question. Just to step back for a second. Our invest -- our integrated corporate and investment bank is a unique and growing franchise. It's unique among all of our peers. It's really hard both to coordinate and collaborate and get it done from a cultural perspective. And as you know, Scott, we've been at it for a long time, and we've made a bunch of significant investments. If you think about the investments we've made in technology and in healthcare, within any year there's always variability. But as we step back and look at that business over the past five years, it's had a compound annual growth rate of about 8%. And so, if you look at from 2015 to present, I think we've had one year where we were down slightly, I think last year, we're down like 3%. So I'm just giving you that as kind of a backdrop as we look forward. There's no question that it's the transaction business, and there’s a lot of variables that clearly are not within our control. Having said that, for us, it's a relationship business. We continue to grow it. Our pipelines today are strong. Our pipelines are in good shape. What's interesting about our business is whereas a lot of people had a huge lift from investment grade debt through the pandemic, that really is not core to our business. Our business was really driven, Scott, by a big surge in M&A and syndications, in some cases, related syndication. So we feel good about the trajectory of the business and will continue to invest in it.
ChrisGorman: Hey, Gerard. I think for our entire industry, the number one risk is cyber. I think we're in the trust business. And to the extent there was a significant breach in the industry, or of any particular company. I think that is I think that's the number one risk. The number two risk, I think that we all need to focus on, are just a whole another cadre of competitors. If you think about a lot of the fintechs and you think about what some of those companies have been able to do, in terms of garnering new clients. I think that is a strategic risk, kind of more tactically we think about sort of the key areas where I think you could see significant degradation in asset values. And fortunately, we're well positioned here. But I think the obvious ones are travel and entertainment. I think that's, as you point out, I think that will come back, because I think the vaccine has a lot to do with that. I think hospitality industry is one that you need to focus on. The other couple areas and as you know we've been out of them by strategy is both retail and office. I think those are areas that as an industry, we need to keep a close eye on. So those are kind of starting with sort of strategic down to tactical, what I think about.
ChrisGorman: Sure, Erika, so a couple things, as Don mentioned, loan growth, first of all consumers an area that will continue to be an outlier of growth for us. And I think we're well positioned for that. Next area, if you think about commercial real estate; we have a very, very good franchise. We're actually not growing the on balance sheet debt there. And that's by strategy. I think last year, we probably placed $11 billion with our targeted customers in our real estate book. As it relates to C&I; we haven't yet seen growth if we're looking at utilization, Erika, it is now at or below even pre-pandemic. We haven't seen people investing in property, plant equipment, investing in people. But what we have seen and I think is a very good sign, and you saw in our investment banking numbers in the fourth quarter, is people are starting to make strategic moves. And so we're having great strategic discussions with our clients and our prospects. And I think people are thinking now with the election behind us with the vaccine rollout of really, what are they going to do to grow their business? So I too am optimistic that we'll see an increase in line utilization and those we'll see people start to invest in their business. The other thing that would obviously be helpful for line utilization is if we had a bit of inflation if people actually started investing and going long in inventory. And I don't think that's an unrealistic scenario, as you think about the back half of the year.
ChrisGorman: Good. As far as the margin, it's challenging to predict just because the timing of some of the deposit flows is also creating either pressure or change there. And so with our assumption of having deposits growing a low single digit that implies that our margin will come down slightly from where it is as of the fourth quarter, so something slightly below the 270. And I would say that from quarter-to-quarter that will be impacted based on like you said, the PPP forgiveness timing and also the changes in the overall equity position.
ChrisGorman: Sure. Thanks for your question. Well, my comment with respect to intensity of competitors was really non-bank. And thinking about some of the fintechs. But as it relates specifically to your question, we're not really focused on whole bank consolidation or acquisitions really at all. We think we have everything we need to be successful. We think the best way for us to generate value is to execute our targeted scale, and go out and grow organically. So having said that, obviously, we take the responsibility very seriously of being a public company. We know we have to go out there each and every day and create value. As it relates to non-banks; I'm really proud of the job we've done over many years of being able to buy entrepreneurial firms and successfully integrating them into our business. And I think about Cain Brothers, I think about Pacific Crest Securities, and most recently, Laurel Road, that was a born digital company that we've been able to really not only integrate into our business, but actually helped key growth -- helped both KEY and Laurel Road have grown. So I think you'll see us continue to go out in keeping with our focus around targeted scale, buying these niche businesses that can help us really serve our targeted client basis.
ChrisGorman: I think we'd probably look at the verticals that we're in. And I think we also would probably look at, if you think -- let's look at what we've done. We bought boutiques that are really focused. We bought digital businesses and/ analytics businesses. Those are the kind of businesses that I think really turbocharged our existing 3.5 million clients.
ChrisGorman: Don, the only thing I would add to that is we have a very successful third-party commercial loan servicing business where we are named primary service around $300 billion worth of commercial real estate. That business has grown very, very well and that generates deposits. And we also from a strategic perspective are very focused on primacy with both our consumer clients and our commercial clients and we're getting a lot of lift there.
DonKimble: We would typically have some severance throughout the year. We would not expect to have any of that size going forward into each of the quarters in 2021. So, the normal recurring level would be reflected in that guidance, but not assuming any significant charges on top of that.
DonKimble: Sure, a couple things there. One; on the loan book, but keep in mind that a significant portion of the swaps that we enter into from a balance sheet perspective are matched up against the commercial loan book. And so, it does convert some of those over to fixed rates, and we've talked over the last couple of quarters about the impact of those swaps going forward. And so, you will see some very modest pressure on yields coming from that as those swaps rollover. On the consumer book; we are seeing rates coming down as far as the new originations compared to what was the existing book, but we're also seeing improved credit quality for those new originations. And we're also seeing margins a little wider on the consumer originations compared to the current rate environment than where we've been historically. And so that will also help and so there will be some pressure going forward, but I would say that we still have other levers to help offset that including the full-year benefit of the repricing of our deposit book that we realized in the fourth quarter, and then also just this excess liquidity position. We think over time, we can start to absorb some of that and maybe reinvest that over time as well.
DonKimble: That's great. And we've mentioned just briefly that in the fourth quarter, we had about $1.3 billion of the PPP loans becomes forgiven, and so that accelerated about $28 million of fee income for the quarter, and so that roughly added about six basis points or so as far as the overall margin, and so that clearly was added up. If you look at that first wave of PPP loans, we had about $8 billion of issuance that, as I mentioned, we had about $1.3 billion of forgiveness this quarter. And so that puts about $6.7 billion. We would expect about 80% of that initial $8 billion to be forgiven. And so, you'll see that come throughout the rest of the year, I would say that, for example, we would expect about $1 billion of forgiveness in the first quarter. And so, that's a little less than what we've seen in the fourth quarter, but that still continues to show that kind of a pace. The next wave of PPP will be helpful for that, and we would expect to see about $2.5 billion of originations in the second quarter. And so, some of that decline that we would be expecting from that forgiveness will be directly offset by the new originations, and we’ll probably start the end of the first quarter with balances of over $8 billion. And so, I think that is helpful as far as just the perspective there. As far as the fee income component to it that if you look at both the normal accretion of the fee income plus the acceleration coming from the forgiveness that was about $110 million of fee income for 2020. We would expect for the first wave of those $8 billion of loans that number would be up to around $120 million or so as far as the fee income from both normal accretion and also the impact of forgiveness. And so we have a little bit of a lift on a year-over-year basis from that, and that on top of that, we would have the benefit from the new wave 2 of the PPP program coming through with loan yields and fee income realization from those credits as well.
DonKimble: I would say that the vast majority of the first wave will clearly be addressed in 2021. We will probably see some of this next wave continued to hang over into 2022 as well. And so I would say that incremental lift that we're getting from that will be realized in both 2021 and 2022.
DonKimble: Sure, Ken. As far as consumer loans that relatively stable outlook for total loans would assume consumer loans in aggregate grow about $2 billion and from 2020 to 2021. And that growth really coming from both residential mortgage and from Laurel Road. Just to put that in perspective, we had almost $600 million of origination from Laurel Road in the fourth quarter, just continuing at that pace would be in the $2.5 billion dollar type of range as far as 2021 originations from that category. On the residential mortgage side but despite what we're seeing and hearing in the industry, that we think that we can actually show stable to maybe even increasing our overall residential mortgage originations in 2021. But keep in mind that we're at the early stages, as far as rolling out that platform throughout our branch network seeing strong growth there, and of that, $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, and of the $8.3 billion for the full year, about half of that was for purchase money, as opposed to refinance. And so we think that there still will be opportunities to continue to show growth there. And that's adding over a $1 billion a quarter as far as the new loan originations in the residential mortgage side. And so those consumer growths in those two areas specifically are at the foundation of how we can get to that kind of relatively stable outlook for total loans.
DonKimble: Great question. And I think you've hit on some of the challenge here, which is a number of our drivers of our revenue growth, really have a variable costs component to it as far as the origination and so that's a little bit of a challenge. I would say that as we look going into the first quarter, we would tend to have some seasonality in those numbers and we highlight it a little bit as far as the benefit expense being up in the first quarter. We would expect expenses down considerably from where they were in the fourth quarter, but probably up from what we were seeing in last year. In last year, our revenue outlook was negatively impacted by some market valuation adjustments but also had a corresponding adjustment to our incentive compensation. And so we think that we'll be in a position to generate positive operating leverage for the first quarter and have positive operating leverage for the full year. And just want to restate that, as far as our expense out what we are saying it's down low single digit, so down 1% to 3%, as opposed to stable. And so that's after funding the investments we're making as part of our strategic initiatives as well.
DonKimble: Sure, Saul. As far as the impact of that second wave that we talked about $2.5 billion in the first quarter. I would say that the full year average probably will be somewhere around $3 billion related to that next wave of the PPP loans. If you look at both the stated coupon on those loans and the realization of the fee income, it tends to be something a little north of 2% type of yield. So your pick up over 200 basis points on those balances through the year. So you're probably looking at something for the full year somewhere around $60 million kind of a lift from that compared to just having to sit in cash.
DonKimble: Well, what I would say is that for the fee income, we had $110 million in 2020. For the first wave, that's about $120 million for that first wave of loans, and then this new origination volume of the roughly $3 billion for average, would be on top of that. And so we'll actually see a lift year-over-year of say $70 million would be a ballpark.
DonKimble: The headwind is embedded in the guidance. I don't have the dollar amount for 2021 as far as the direct impact there, but it is reflected in that outlook.
DonKimble: From the swaps, when you say benefit, I am reluctant to know what that is because it is part of our true hedging strategy. And so as far as the cash flow swaps the net interest income add to us for those cash flows. Swap was about $99 which is down about $5 million excuse me about $4 million from the previous quarter.
DonKimble: I think we could see trends in that direction. I don't know the absolute timing of that. I don't know how to predict where the economic outlook will shift over time. But I would say as we would go into 2021, but the three pieces that impact our provision expands under CECL are one the economic outlook. And so assuming that's stable with what we would have predicted won't see any impact there. Credit migration, it has been a positive for us. And each quarter as we take a look at what our projected credit losses are, that trend continues to get better. And so that's allowing for reductions to the provision compared to normal. And then the third piece is for loan production; and I've mentioned on the call a couple times in the last few quarters is that provision each quarter would be in that $80 million to $100 million range. And so if the economic outlook doesn't change, and if the migration is consistent with expectations, that would imply about a $90 million per quarter provision expense on average, and about $360 million for the year, and which would be below what that charge off guidance would imply. And so we would expect to see that allowance ratio come down over time and could have some opportunity to see that come down more quickly, if we continue to see the credit migration outperform like we have.
DonKimble: I would say it's on all fronts. And so we are assuming growth on a continued basis. One is that we have in the last three quarters have shown a lot of strong retail household growth and with a focus there on primary operating accounts for the retail customers. Throughout our commercial customer base, we have increased efforts around making sure that we have that expanded full depository/ operating account relationship there as well. And so those will be helpful. It would also reflect the assumptions like we saw last year that as the PPP loans were originated, a good portion of those proceeds were deposited into deposit accounts with our customers. And so we would expect to see some lift from that. And then just the most recent round of stimulus, also add deposit balances. And each quarter this year, we tried to estimate where our deposit flows will be. And I think each quarter we probably underestimated where they actually come through. And so I think the customers continue to have liquidity and continue to build those positions. And that's essentially why we're assuming that we'll have continued growth there as well.
DonKimble: Yes, as far as, yes, look for 2021, that we would expect that line item to come down slightly more reflecting the impact of the extremely high levels of gain on sale we experienced, especially in the third quarter of this year. So we saw that come down in the fourth quarter and would expect to see ongoing pressure there. So even though the origination volumes would be stable to maybe up, we would expect to see some pressure there. As far as the other categories on fee income that we would expect good growth in service charge line item but those categories were under pressure throughout a good portion of say second and third quarter of 2020. And we would expect to see growth coming from that category and especially reflecting the impact of the low rates. We would expect to see good growth in trusted investment services line item between what we're doing from a retail and commercial brokerage/ account activity there and just our overall investment management strategy. We would expect to see some growth there. And then even though we've had a record year for investment banking and debt placement fees, we do expect that to grow again for 2021. And so we've got a good pipeline in that business. We've got a good team, and we're expecting to add bankers to that area throughout 2021 as well, which will help deliver those results also.
DonKimble: No, I think that's right. And I mean, as far as the 50%, that implies roughly about $50 billion in outstanding balances on those lines for us, so just to put that in perspective, if that would increase by 1%. And that's, which would show that at 1% growth on the $50 billion.
DonKimble: The 2020 base is the GAAP number and our FTE adjustment isn't assuming much of a change on a year-over-year basis there, but I guess we would have a tax rate change, we would start to see that but it's runs usually about $29 million to $30 million a quarter for a year, excuse me, a year for the FTE adjustment.
