Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, Rob, this is Jeff Weeden. You should think about timing of the buybacks really are going to be over the next 4 quarters. So that's how we're viewing it. It's not something that we're going to have an accelerated share repurchase program on. It should be kind of evenly over the next 4 quarters. I think in terms of people always wanting to know about price, in terms of where we trade it on a book value basis or a tangible book value, with a tangible book value in the $9.26 range and stated book value at about $10.26. Certainly, where we're trading today, it's accretive in terms of book value, tangible book value and earnings per share.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we've been doing some remixing. So as we've had loan growth that's been coming on, the investment portfolio has been coming down. So our guidance for an improving margin includes a number of different moving parts here. One, we have the repricing of our debt and CDs that are coming up. The second part is just the cash flows coming off of investment securities and reinvesting that either in loans or in lower-yielding investments, to some extent. But that's how we're remixing that overall balance sheet.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Ken, this is Jeff Weeden. The business guys are going to talk here in just a second. But one of the things that we went back and we talked about in the fourth quarter was we said we had a number of loans, the balances came up in the fourth quarter, and we expected actually some of those to be paid down in the first quarter. There's some bridge loan activity that was in there, and so that's part and parcel of it. We also had the leverage lease that paid off in the first quarter, which was around $70 million. So that had some impact on it. On that leasing line that you're referring to, the part that's in the exit portfolio, there may be some lumpiness in that, depending on if we have other opportunities for early termination of these leverage leases. But the rest of the business, I think, is growing fine. And I'd ask Chris Gorman to talk first.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Gerard, I guess -- this is Jeff Weeden. I think in terms of the nonperformers also continuing to migrate on down. And clearly, as Chuck talked about it, some of these exit books that are still out there, they'll run a little bit higher on the charge-offs level. So if we're still at the 75 basis points next year, I think you have to look at what's the forward look at that particular point in time. So it's all about the existing book you have a provision or reserve for and it's your forward look that you are trying to anticipate, business volume, et cetera. So I would think in terms of the provision expense normalizing in that 40 to 50 basis point range first, and then seeing the charge-offs kind of work their way down, so...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, Gerard, we're not giving a specific guidance on the return on equity at this particular point in time. I think with respect to the buyback provisions, the capital plan that was submitted had the buybacks over the 4-quarter time period. And that's you should view the overall plan, is lasting over that 4 quarters.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. As we look at the investment portfolio, the investment portfolio has been stored liquidity for us. So if you think about it, we've been more liability-driven. So we have the liabilities. We've parked some of the excess liquidity in the investment portfolio. The investment portfolio, itself, is turning about $500 million of cash flow each and every month at this point in time with these particular rates. So we have reinvestment opportunities that happen all the time. So I think as we look at it and we say that we have loan growth, we'll put it into loans at that particular point in time. And that's why you've seen the overall portfolio come down. The other part is on the liability management side of the equation. So to the extent we have debt maturities, which we have $1 billion that matures in June of some TLGP debt, we will look at where the overall flow of deposits are. Deposits have still been positive for us. So to the extent we have positive deposits flows and we have a loan demand that's out there that continues at basically what our expectations are, we will have some degree of need to reinvest in our securities portfolio each and every quarter. But that's factored into our overall guidance. So we've taken all of that into account as we've looked at our net interest margin guidance that we've provided for 2012.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That is correct. We actually provided our guidance was for $71 billion to $73 billion of average earning assets. And that's predicated, too, on the fact that we know we have these debt maturities, we have CDs that are repricing. But we also have positive deposit flows in other areas in the transactions and regulated accounts.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Let me just give you kind of a quick overview. In short, we see balances growing from here. You asked where they're going to grow. They're going to grow principally in the Corporate Bank in 3 areas. One is our energy area, and I'm going to come back to that in a moment. The next is industrial. And also we're seeing a lot of growth in health care. Kind of big picture, if you look over the last year, in the Corporate Bank, our loans have grown by 5.1%. But that included a strategic runoff that we were doing in real estate of, call it, 10%. And on the other side of the equation, in our corporate and investment bank, year-over-year on an average basis, we actually grew them 36%, 37%. So we are through that in the real estate book, which means we're well positioned to grow from here. We actually look at our backlogs and feel very good about them. I'll give you a kind of one example of kind of finding these niches, and that is in the area of both wind and solar. We were left lead on 10 deals that raised well over $1 billion in the first quarter. So again, Ken, our growth is going to come from picking these niches and continuing to be able to garner new clients. So that's how we're going to grow.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Gerard, it's Chris. Well, I mean, the first thing is just generally low interest and the squeeze in terms of margins. What we're seeing in the marketplace, though, is that structure is generally holding. We're seeing just a little bit of pressure around the edges on pricing, but not to a degree that it's concerning us at all. I think what you're seeing is the impact of deposits, candidly, as you look at those numbers.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Josh, the one thing we're not seeing yet and we're watching very carefully, we're not seeing our customers and clients growing employment. So that's one area that I would say continues to lag. The other area that lags is we don't see huge capital outlays for big, new plants. We do see around the edges people starting to invest in technology, equipment, people investing in working capital, people investing on the margin.
William R. Koehler: And in the Community Bank, Ken, we're seeing continued strength in our pipelines. We also see some strong activity in health care for a lot of the same reasons. Chris sees it on the upper end of the market. And if you look at it regionally, the Northeast continues to be pretty strong and consistently so. The Great Lakes continues to see a lot of activity. Probably our strongest region over the past 4, 5 quarters, I would say, has been at the Great Lakes. And activity in general, in many of the manufacturing sectors, where we are strong as an organization, continues to be pretty good.
William R. Koehler: And Gerard, this is Bill Koehler. And in the Community Bank, we're seeing similar trends on loan spreads that Chris mentioned. But the bigger driver for us in this area is the value of our deposits, in this environment, we continue to get pressure there. And it's the same story we've been talking about for a number of quarters now.
William R. Koehler: And I would say, as well, that as we talk to our clients there, confidence is growing in the smaller end of the market, which to me says that the economy is overall has strengthened. They are serving some of the same industries Chris talked about. They are getting more clarity in their business about -- in their order book. And as a result, they are seeing a lot more opportunity to continue to drive growth in the business.
William R. Koehler: And in health care, where in Ohio, obviously, the demographics would suggest that we need continue to support the needs there over time. We are seeing a lot of new construction and consolidation of services across the full value chain within the health care industry. And as a result, we think we're very well positioned from a Community Bank and the Corporate Bank perspective to serve the needs of the industry overall with some very integrated capabilities.
William R. Koehler: This is Bill Koehler. There absolutely is. We are constantly looking at our branch footprint in the context of our overall cost structure, returns in each of the branches, as well as overall channel strategy and our de novo strategy. What you will see this year is we are likely to open roughly half of what we've opened last year in the form of branches, and the lion's share of those will be relocations or consolidations, not strictly de novos. So on a net basis, you won't see a lot of branch growth year-over-year. But we'll reposition our businesses to parts of our markets where -- frankly where our customers are, so we can provide a continued focus on convenience that they demand.
Charles S. Hyle: Gerard, this is Chuck. It's hard to predict the timing of this. But I think if you look at our core business and the kinds of business that we're putting on today and if you look at the chart on Page 16, you can see where we are today. And then the CF&A category, we're at 31 basis points. That's a big part of our portfolio. If you look on our leasing portfolio, you'll see actually nothing there. So I think that's a pretty good indicator of the kind of commercial business that we're writing and where we will get to over time. I think some of the noncore business, which we still have, although it's shrinking all the time, is still where the higher charge-off numbers are. So how you project that trajectory is a little hard to do, clearly dependent upon the economy and various other things. But I think it is still a range that is very achievable for this organization.
Charles S. Hyle: Yes, Mike, this is Chuck Hyle. We have been, I think, quite fortunate in our HELOC portfolio over the years in terms of how we've underwritten it. You mentioned the fact that well over 50% are first liens. We've been tracking that information. We've been tracking the firsts that we do have, that others have that we don't on our seconds. We think we have very strong methodologies in terms of understanding the quality of that book. It has performed, we think, on a relative basis, very well through the cycle. We do very aggressive work on looking at credit bureau scores every 2 months. We have a quarterly appraisal mechanism. And all that has been factored into our provisioning effort. We have a lot of quantitative analysis around that. And as a result, with the new guidance that has come out really, we view it as having virtually no impact on our portfolio. And I think our performance has underscored our approach to that.
Charles S. Hyle: I can't give you the exact number, but we worked through various vendors to track that information. And we have, I think, a pretty good fix on what is out there.
Beth E. Mooney: And Gerard, this is Beth. I would add that we made a comment in our last quarterly call that to the extent that we do see growth in CF&A, our new business volumes and our new originations, which are heavily candid towards new client acquisitions are coming in at a higher quality and a higher credit quality than our existing books. So if you remix and grow the balance sheet, that will have a positive impact on the level of net charge-offs as well.
Beth E. Mooney: Josh, this is Beth. We obviously constantly evaluate our franchise and our opportunities to strengthen, invest, grow our business, as well as rationalize our business. And we have always said never say never. Everything over time is always needing to be revalidated. At this point in time, relative to our footprint, all our markets are accretive to Key's performance and we don't see any particular ability to appropriately redeploy what could be any potential gain or funds from such a repositioning. As always, the way the character of the franchise was built, there would always be tax consequences. So as we look at it now, our goal is to optimize our performance. We have market-by-market growth strategies and continue to improve the performance. But the mix of our businesses right now, for the foreseeable future, are where we're positioned.
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth. We do think that the HSBC transaction is indicative of an opportunity with actually minimal capital to strengthen our presence in 2 key markets. It would be what I would call a small fill-in, where we enhance our presence in Buffalo and in an attractive market such as Rochester to us. So in the right circumstances, we would absolutely be disciplined and opportunistic about what we could do to augment our franchise, where we can leverage our business model, where we can garner new clients and really put to use the alignment between our Corporate and our Community Bank. So as time progresses and opportunities present themselves, we would look to have a point of view to be -- underscore a theme I have also said in the past. But we would be very disciplined about the amount of capital, about what is an appropriate price and that it really does strengthen not only our franchise but strengthens and has a proper return for our shareholders.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lammers, at (216) 689-3133. That concludes our remarks. Thank you.
