Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator, and good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; E.J. Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer.  Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to Slide 3. We had a good second quarter. Our results show positive operating leverage and momentum across our company. Revenue was up 4% from last year, benefiting from strength in our core fee-based businesses and solid loan growth. On the fee side, investment banking and debt placement had a record quarter of $141 million, which was up 42% from the prior year. Stronger financial advisory fees and loan syndications drove the improvement this quarter. We also saw good trends in trust and investment services, as well as in cards and payments income. Both businesses benefited from the investments we have made over the past few years in our people, products and capabilities. Average loans increased in both the community bank and the corporate bank, and loan growth continued to be driven by commercial, financial and agricultural loans, which were up 10% higher than the year ago period. In second quarter, our expense levels reflect higher performance-based compensation from stronger revenue trends in the quarter, as well as the cost from Pacific Crest Securities and seasonal factors. Don will provide more detail on expenses in his remarks.  We remain focused on generating positive operating leverage by growing revenues while holding expenses relatively stable, which over time will continue to drive further improvement in our efficiency ratio. Credit quality remains strong this quarter with a net charge-off ratio of 25 basis points, well below our targeted range. We continue to be disciplined with structure and staying true to our relationship focus. Capital remains a strength of our company with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.7%. In the second quarter, our board approved a 15% increase in our common stock dividend and we repurchased $129 million in common shares. Overall, we are pleased with the quarter and believe that we are well positioned for the second half of the year. Our results continue to demonstrate the successful execution of our business model, which has allowed us to continue to add and expand client relationships and grow revenue. Now I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our second quarter results. 
Beth Mooney: Steve, I would just add one thing, that when we talked about this line item in the first quarter, we did acknowledge that it was an outlier relative to what we would consider a normal performance on any quarterly basis, but did emphasize it does have quarterly variability. But I do think we looked at the first quarter as being relatively light relative to what we think this business will generate, but we do think it’s very important to recognize it does have characteristics that will always make it variable, and the trailing 12 really does give you a better trajectory of the growth of the business, which has been really solid. The other thing that we acknowledged in the first quarter was if you looked at our loans held for sale, there was a significant spike up, which was an indicator that some piece of the activity was positioned to be realized in the second quarter.
Beth Mooney: Gerard, it is true that we have looked at what has been our traditional model, has been an outsourced model, and we are in the process of--we have hired a new president for a mortgage business at Key, which will be a product that we will offer to our clients. We don’t view it as a standalone business, but yet an important relationship product that our clients value. We are in the process of undertaking the ability to stand up the ability to offer mortgages directly and have them be originated through Key, so that is an important strategic initiative for us and we are already investing in some of those capabilities. We expect to be in a position to underwrite and offer mortgages in 2016 directly.
Beth Mooney: Erika, I would add that it is interesting, because we have been in such an extended low interest rate environment that the competitive dynamics of how the industry will respond is a chapter that is yet to be written. I would echo what Don said, that that is our sentiment, that maybe the first couple rate moves will correlate deposit betas in the past, and then it will be a function of, I think, general liquidity within the industry to see if it intensifies competition. But one other thing I would tell you, though, is also the mix of our deposit base is far stronger than it has ever been, as over the last several years our strategies have been to drive core retail and commercial deposit accounts and a less rate-sensitive mix of business than we’ve ever had and more core transactional accounts, so we also feel well positioned that our relationship strategy has given us a nice deposit base for the upcoming rate increases, when and if they occur.
Beth Mooney: Mike, I would say that I continue and we continue to be confident that we are on the path to reduce our efficiency ratio. It is a very important measure to us, and what I see is the combination of two things, both in terms of revenue as well as expense. I do believe, as Don indicated, that expenses have been well controlled, and we continue to invest in our businesses. So some piece of this is we are driving revenue, we are driving positive operating leverage, and many of those investments are not yet mature, so I continue to see the momentum in our core businesses as being a company that will be able to grow revenue, and Don did a little of the math about the year-over-year, if you back out lease termination gains and some other things, could be at 7% revenue growth, so I think that’s an incredibly important focus for us, always coupled with expense discipline. We had some things in this quarter that we have outlined that created that top line number around $711 million in expenses, but underneath it all we have really reduced the core operating expenses of this company and continue to have levers and discipline to do that. So I see us on the path to move into the low 60’s without the benefit of rates, and I’m confident that we are doing the right things to drive our business, grow our business, as well as create a more efficient company.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Have a good day. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Yes Scott, you interpret that right. We would expect the full year of 2015 to be relatively stable with the 288 we reported this quarter. That’s down about 3 basis points from last quarter. Our level of liquidity is higher, and we also now expect it to stay with us longer than what we expected before. So net interest income guidance hasn’t changed. We had noted before that we expected net interest income to be up low single digits without the benefit of rates, and our forecast now reflects our assumption that there may be a rate increase later in the year, but we shouldn’t see much benefit from it. So even when rates do go up, or when rates do go up, we should see lift in net interest income and margin as well.
Don Kimble: Yes, we talked about professional fees being up linked quarter - I think they were up about $9 million. About half of that is from outsourcing activities where we’ve seen expense reductions in other categories, and that will continue at that higher level. The other half is what we referred to as in-flight third party programs. It’s both related to revenue initiatives as well as risk management efforts. We do expect to see that continue into the third quarter but should drop down after that, so some of that is temporary in nature but we should see it continue into the third quarter.
Don Kimble: Yes, what we’ve talked about is without the benefit of rate, so over the next two to three years we expect our efficiency ratio to drop to the low 60’s, so coming from the 65% down into the low 60’s. With the benefit of rates, we would expect that to be in the high 50’s. Now, where we see that occurring is basically consistent with our guidance, which is that we expect to continue to be able to grow revenues and hold expenses relatively stable, and that’s consistent with what our guidance is for this year. This past quarter, I think sometimes it’s difficult to see the real picture, because if you look at the comparison from second quarter of last year to second quarter of this year, we’ve talked about revenue growth of 4.3%, and if you back out those couple of items that we talked about with the leverage lease termination gain and also bag down the principal investing gains, our revenue growth was close to 7.5% and expense growth at 3.5% provides the operating leverage for us to continue to drive down that efficiency ratio. That’s consistent with how we think that we’ll be able to achieve that, is this continued maturation of the investments we’ve been making and seeing those translate to positive operating leverage for us going forward.
Don Kimble: It’s more the latter, Steve. We really do not expect to see much of a rate increase this year, and our guidance was set at the end of last year and we felt that we would see a pick-up in the second half of the year. We still think that there could be a rate increase, but we think it could be very late in the year and have very little impact on our overall net interest income. We do believe that when rates do go up, we will see an increase in our net interest income and also our margin, so it’s just more of an impact of our outlook would not suggest much of a rate increase this year, and therefore not much of a benefit from rate increases this year.
Don Kimble: What we’re seeing is a lot of temporary deposits coming through from our commercial customers, and we’re seeing some additional inflows which will continue to put that under pressure as being higher levels of liquidity. So that’s one of the reasons why we expected it to have some pressure in the near term as far as margin. Keep in mind that we would have been projecting all along that we expected our loan growth to exceed deposit growth, but because of the growth in these temporary deposit balances, deposit growth has actually exceeded loan growth. Our short term earning assets are up over $800 million linked quarter, which puts pressure on that. The other thing I’d keep in mind is that we did have $1.7 billion debt issuance at the end of the second quarter, and the full quarter impact of that will also affect the overall margin for the third quarter. So it’s really those two pieces that are driving that temporary mid-single digit reduction in net interest margin.
Don Kimble: It really is close to a wash. We put it in our fed account and earn about 25 basis points on it, so far from meaningful but it is additive.
Don Kimble: On the yield side, we’ve benefited this quarter from a couple of things. One is that loan fees were stronger in the second quarter than they were in the first quarter, and also we had some additional increase in contribution from our swap income. From an accounting perspective, that gets mapped up against commercial loans because we use that to hedge the LIBOR-base loans. So if you back that out, we’re still seeing a little bit of pressure, but it’s muted compared to where it has been as far as the incremental quarter over quarter. So I’d say we haven’t seen the market change significantly, but to your point, I think we’re getting to a level closer to stability than where we have been in the past couple of years.
Don Kimble: Yes, for the first six months of this year, we’ve incurred about $17 million. I’d say that we’re still on the same general course as to where we had expected coming into the year. Keep in mind that in the first half of this year, we only had five branch consolidations. We’ve talked about a number of 20 to 30%--excuse me, 2 to 3%. Twenty to 30% would be way out of line! But 2 to 3% consolidation for this year, which would imply plus or minus an additional 20 branches of consolidation in the second half of the year. So with that, we still expect to be in that same general range.
Don Kimble: Great question, and I would say that that is a variable line item in our income statement and it does reflect the production that we do have. If you look at our total compensation expense, it really had three impacts this current quarter. One was our benefit cost did come down, and it’s seasonally consistent with what we’ve seen in the past. Salary dollars were up about $10 million, and if you take a look at that, about half of it is because of day count. We had two more days in the current quarter than what we did in the last quarter from a business perspective, and we also had our merit increase, which was about 2% year-over-year. The last piece is increase in incentive compensation, which was up $26 million, and between the first quarter and the second quarter we had $3 million to $5 million of impact from accruals adjustments and true-ups from quarter to quarter. So really, the core increase was closer to the $22 million range, so if you look at that as a variable component to the growth that we would have seen in our corporate banking activities, it gives you a ballpark of what kind of variability there might be prospectively. Keep in mind, it’s not just investment banking income, though. It also includes the other areas of revenues because Chris’ corporate bank is truly focused on relationships, and that includes both balance sheet and fee income as part of the calculation of the value that they’re contributing, and that’s what the incentives are based on as well.
Don Kimble: The billion dollar growth period to period really was driven by the $1.7 billion debt issuance that we had during the quarter, and that occurred in June as far as when it closed. So that’s really what drove it, more so than any planned additions, that we would expect generally going forward the investment securities portfolio would remain relatively stable. We’re comfortable with that assumption, given that our LCR estimate for the second quarter was just north of 100%, so we think that we’re well positioned going into next year where the requirement is at 90%.
Don Kimble: The two components that really drove that was that we saw some stronger loan fees in the current quarter compared to the first quarter, and we also saw an increased benefit from our swap book, that some of the swaps rolled off and we had some reinvestment or rebooking of new swaps, and then they came through with a higher yield. So both of those helped benefit the commercial loan yields on a linked quarter basis.
Don Kimble: Yes, what we’ve talked about for the entire year is that we expect expenses to be relatively stable, and in that we say that that could mean plus or minus 2%. So if you use that as a guidance and take a look at the second half of the year, that would imply a quarterly expense run rate of between $665 million and $715 million of expense. Now again, that’s equal to the first quarter and equal to the second quarter as far as the high and the low in that range, so we would expect to be within that overall guidance range, and some of that is variable based on the level of growth that we see throughout the portfolio.
Don Kimble: We don’t have a huge impact from floors, so that really doesn’t limit it a whole lot; but just in a 25 basis point move, that doesn’t drive a lot of incremental net interest income. Our balance sheet is positioned so that we do benefit when we do see that shorter end of the curve move up, but I would think of it more proportionate to what we’ve talked about as far as a 200 basis point increase would have about a 3% lift in net interest income, so the first 25 basis points would drive about an eighth of that. So again, it’s helpful, but just doesn’t move the dial a lot.
Don Kimble: Dennis stole my thunder there, but I would just say that those charge-offs really are related to the portfolio that we did acquire. It was a legacy portfolio, and as we add new relationships, we should see the overall credit quality picture continue to improve.
Don Kimble: We have a very different model. It’s not really targeting those national cards, and what we’re really focused on is deepening the relationship with our existing retail customers, so we haven’t seen that have a big impact on us. We do value the relationships and our customers do benefit from that expanded relationship, so we’ll continue to drive that model.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. I’ll take a first crack at that. I would say near term that we think it would probably play out consistent with what we saw in the last rate increase, which is about a 55% beta. But I think you’re exactly right, that long term those consumer deposits are going to be much more valuable, and I think we’re going to see increased competition for those consumer deposits and therefore we think the beta will be at a little bit higher level than what we had seen historically. Now, helping to offset that a little bit is that banks’ balance sheets are much better positioned today than they were during the last cycle, so you have a much lower loan to deposit ratio today than when we did back in the early 2000’s. The second thing is that money market mutual funds should not be quite as competitive as what they once were because of the break of the buck type of situation does cause some of the treasurers of our customers to reassess whether or not they want to have a bank deposit or a money market mutual fund deposit.
Don Kimble: What we’ve talked about, Mike, is driving that down through the next two to three years in the low 60’s, and I would say that over the second half of this year, while we continue to expect to drive positive operating leverage, I don’t think you’re going to see a material change in the overall efficiency ratio, mainly driven by some of the additional costs we talked about as far as having additional branch consolidations in the third and fourth quarter, which will put some pressure on seeing that further improvement.
Don Kimble: What we’ve talked about before is without the use of our swap book, that we have had about an 8% asset sensitive balance sheet. So we try to use the swap to help minimize that over time, that each time that we meet as a team to assess where we are from a rate sensitivity perspective, we evaluate how we want to be positioned, what we’re seeing from the forward curve, and whether or not we need to make adjustments to that. But I do not want to give the impression that we would ever take that swap book to zero, or that we would double it and take significant rate bets, but that we use that position us to lean in heavier one way or the other as to what our outlook would be. So right now, we continue to be asset sensitive and we’re very comfortable with that, and we’ll continue to reassess that each time we take a look at this, which is at least on a monthly basis.
Don Kimble: What we do is we use this as more of a way to position the overall balance sheet to benefit from rate increases or changes, so it truly is a hedge book, because we don’t want to be overly asset sensitive. It allows us to manage on the margin as to whether we want to be slightly asset sensitive or slightly liability sensitive.
Chris Gorman: Good morning, Steve. We always look at that line item on a trailing 12 basis, and while we have great underlying growth if you look on a trailing 12 basis, we don’t get too worried about either the first quarter being down or the second quarter being significantly above where the first quarter was. So over time, we think this is a business that we continue to grow and grow significantly, and we think we can do that; but we really think the right way to look at it is on a trailing 12 basis.
Chris Gorman: No. It hasn’t changed. We’re out there every day talking to our clients, bringing them ideas. Our discussions with clients have frankly never been better. It’s interesting - these middle market companies, and as you know, we go to market in a very focused way based on industry, is they think about growth and they look around at what the opportunities are for organic growth, and they look around at what the opportunities are for inorganic growth. The discussions that we’ve had with our clients, as I said, have really never been better, and to the extent that we’re involved in M&A-type discussions, we think that has sort of a multiplier effect, because if you can break into these clients with a strategic idea and you’re hired as their advisor, loans, deposits, hedging, a lot of those things come with it.
Chris Gorman: Yes. Don, the only thing I would add to that is our third party commercial loan servicing business is really a good engine for us to grow quality deposits. If you look at that business, our deposits total about $6.4 billion, and that’s up 15% on a linked quarter and 63% on a year-over-year basis, so that’s one of the vehicles that we’re focusing on, Bill, under the new construct to really grow quality receivables.
Chris Gorman: Sure Mike, it’s Chris. Good morning. A couple things - with respect to our backlog, our backlogs are strong. Obviously it’s all market dependent, but as I mentioned earlier in the call, we’re out there having quality discussions with clients and prospects, and they have a bias for action right now as they think about how to grow their business. So we feel pretty good about where the business is positioned. A big part of that are the investments that we’ve made, and if you think about it, of our most senior calling people, we’ve grown that universe, that sales force by 36% since mid-2013. We also, as Beth and Don both mentioned earlier, have invested in our payments business, which augments not our investment banking and debt placement lines but it augments our entire business, and it’s kind of the holistic approach to how we go to the market. Now specifically some areas that were particularly good, we were up across the board, but some areas were in the equity business, both real estate and technology had a good quarter. In the M&A business, both industrial and technology had a good quarter, so when we think about our business, we first go to which of our seven industry verticals is it, and that’s kind of how we look at the business.
Chris Gorman: We do not in fact break it out, Mike, but it is a fairly balanced approach because our whole strategy is go out to our clients and really figure out what is most advantageous for them at any particular time. As I’m looking at these numbers, there is growth in all categories and it’s pretty well balanced.
