Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Steve. It's Chris Gorman here. We are. I was just out with our leasing folks, which I think is a pretty good forward look, and clearly, we have seen a slowdown in terms of, for example, equipment purchases. I think the fiscal cliff, the election, I think all these things play into it, but right now, we have -- backlogs are strong, but I do think there is a fair amount of hesitancy out there in the marketplace in the business community.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Well, Matt, it's Chris. I think what's driving it is our strategy enables us to really take share. For example, in the corporate bank, in terms of new clients of this year, we have 450 new clients that have generated around $63 million or so of revenue. And so while there are some challenges in the marketplace, and I think there's a lot of concerns out there, we do see ourselves continuing to take share. The other thing that I would remind you of, of course, is that our business model -- 54% of our revenues are noninterest income. So that gives us, we think, a lever that's a little differentiated from some of our competitors as well.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So, Matt, it’s Chris again. There's always -- it's always a little bit lumpy. Here, in the corporate bank, we, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we were up about 1.9%. That would compare to, say, 11% over the last year. So there was really nothing particular in this quarter that was any huge piece of business. But what we do see is, Bill Hartmann mentioned, the notion of being very targeted in certain industries and knowing exactly who we want to do business with. We've been at this pretty hard for a couple of years now, and we are getting our shots with our targeted customers, and so that's really what’s driving it.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Bryan, it's Chris Gorman. There's a couple things going on in that portfolio. First of all, we talked earlier today about de-risking and making sure we're doing business with the people that we want to do business with, and there is still some planned and thoughtful run-off in that portfolio. The other thing that's been going on, Bryan, is our mortgage banking business had been quite robust, and obviously, that cannibalizes that portfolio to some degree. Having said all of that, we do think it's a bottomed out, and we do think it will grow modestly from here.
William R. Koehler: And I -- this is Bill Koehler, sorry, Steve. I would agree that as we look at middle market and even in our business banking, smaller businesses, we would see the same amount of cautiousness, I guess, as we go forward.
William R. Koehler: Steve, this is Bill again. We have not been any more aggressive. We believe our relationship strategy helps us attract good customers at deposit levels, at pricing levels that make sense, and we have maintained a very consistent pricing strategy in the market.
William R. Koehler: This is Bill again. Thanks for the question. We feel very good about our credit card acquisition because it broadens our product offering in a way that is very consistent with the way clients are choosing to behave in the market, and we can also fold it into our relationship awards platform. So whereas prior to the acquisition, we had a debit card strategy and that was impacted by Durbin, here, we can offer a more -- a broader product offering that give our clients more choices, and early days, everything is moving according to plan.
William R. Koehler: And I would add -- Matt, this is Bill. I would add on the smaller end, what we've seen throughout the year is a general trend of smaller companies getting stronger and having an opportunity to strengthen their balance sheet, strengthen their business, and although it's smaller dollars in terms of its impact on the whole, we have seen our loan volumes in business banking migrate up and our pipelines remain consistent as a result.
William R. Koehler: And I would -- the other thing I would say, this is a Bill, Gerard, accretive to the client experience, that is the important thing to take away here.
Beth E. Mooney: And Steve, I would just add that, as Jeff mentioned in his comments, that it did create a more favorable asset mix on our balance sheet, as well as strong economics from the use of those credit cards. This was part of our Durbin mitigation strategy. And when you couple that with the realignment and the more efficient platforms we have done underneath on the cost structure, this is a big step forward for us as we replace some of the impacts of the governmental price controls.
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth. We will keep you updated as we go through. We did indicate that we have made progress on what we had targeted of $30 million to $50 million of our total goal this year, and I think we announced that we have closed 16 branches in the third quarter, and we have another 3 scheduled for closure in the fourth quarter. We have consolidated some of our back rooms. We have worked to reduce our staffing levels, and we've continued to look at our procurement and vendor relationship. So as we go into the end of the year, we feel good about the $30 million to $50 million that will be coming through in our 2013 run rate and have plans and implementation strategies in line of sight to be $150 million to $200 million by the end of 2013.
Beth E. Mooney: Marty, thank you. We have talked about our capital priorities and said that, obviously, our level of capital, we believe, is a competitive strength in the coming years. And as we've talked about our priorities, clearly, our first 2 priorities -- our first priority is to support our own organic growth of our business model, and you have heard in this quarter, we utilized some of our capital for the purpose of branch acquisition and the credit card portfolio. From there, we prioritized dividends, and second, from there, would be the repurchase of our shares underneath the CCAR process at these attractive rates that our stock is trading in the market. And as you correctly pointed out that, fourth, you would always retain some level of capital to create flexibility for strategic opportunities to enhance the franchise and grow the business over time.
Beth E. Mooney: Marty, I'll take a first pass at that, and then I'll let Bill or Jeff add if they have some additional thoughts. But in terms of bringing the credit card balances back on, one of the big drivers, I think, for all the regional banks has also been the ability in the cost infrastructure to actually service those cards is dramatically different than it was 10 years ago when many of us exited the business. And it fits more fully with relationship strategies versus the days when it was more of a mono-line product. So we see it as attractive client relationship, honing that client experience, as well as attractive client economics. So we view it as a good augment to our payment platform, as well as our client experience, and have plenty of room within our balance sheet for good relationship loans to include equity and card. I don't think we have any further comments.
Beth E. Mooney: Erika, Jeff referenced the waterfall, and that is on Page 10 of our slide deck, and I think it will help you understand some of the dynamics of the $734 million for this quarter.
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, this is Beth. I'll go ahead and take that. I do think the credit card industry and the ability for regional banks to compete in the credit cards space as a relationship product is very different than it was 10 years ago. I made reference to that in an earlier answer that I provided. We look at to this as an augment to our relationship strategy. This product offering will be embedded in our relationship rewards, which is our primary account offering right now for our mass affluent client base, and the underlying cost structure, as Jeff said, we can outsource the processing of that. So it's a volume variable expense for us so that we have created a nice profitable spread by reentering. So this is not a business line that we intend to re-embark as a growth strategy for client acquisition or a lead product. We see it as a complement to our existing portfolios. Many other regional banks have also gone back into this, and we can own and control the client experiences. We've offered cards but through a white label relationship. So this client base also has, as we -- on August 1, when we announced this transaction, had substantial deposits and investments with us and loans. So this is a well-seasoned and mature set of clients that we acquired.
Beth E. Mooney: I'm going to let Bill Koehler augment that. But as I said, we are embedding this into our Relationship Rewards program that we have with our client base. We have already got a very strong relationship rewards. And a year ago, when Durbin was enacted, one of the things Key did that was differentiating in the market space was we reaffirmed and relaunched our rewards, and this was a product gap. And, we, obviously, as we looked at our Durbin mitigation strategies, reacquiring that card portfolio, putting it in our existing relationship reward product to make it more robust, get the attractive client economics, the attractive usage economics, as well as being able to process it on a variable cost basis, was a significant part of our strategy to mitigate Durbin.
Beth E. Mooney: And Matt, as we looked at the quarter, one of the things we did say in our second quarter call is that we went into the third quarter with solid and strong pipelines, and some piece of what we talked about was what was going to be the pull-through rate because it really was based in client and business sentiment. And so to your question, is this episodic or is it the trend, I think it was the pull-through of a strong pipeline into the second quarter, broad-based, geographically from a client base and reflects our targeted relationship strategy. And as we said, we are taking share. There is a lot of new client acquisition that is, on average, better credit quality and has more revenue associated with it in many ways than our average loans in our current book.
Beth E. Mooney: Craig, this is Beth. As you know, we are at the front end of the 2013 CCAR process and really have not yet received the guidance from the Federal Reserve on scenarios they want to use. And so, we, like the other banks, who can comment on any near-term capital actions, it will be subject to our CCAR submission this year. And clearly, we enter that with a strong level of capital, and we're pleased this year that we were able to pass through a dividend increase, as well as a share repurchase program for this year.
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, I think the way we will realize the benefit of the credit card portfolio that will translate into, obviously, our returns is the revenue we receive from the balances, our ability to extend that into our existing client base with our Relationship Rewards, the transactional fees that we receive on the interchange, as our clients use those, coupled with a very, like I said, variable cost base and a well-performing credit profile, given that it is a well-seasoned portfolio. So it will be generally accretive to our revenue growth, as well as help us with client acquisition and broader client experience. So we see it as a positive to the performance as you look at how we are deploying our balance sheet and building revenue.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today, and if you have any follow-on questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lammers, and their number is (216) 689-3133. And that will conclude our remarks for today. Thank you.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, this is Jeff Weeden. Just to give you a little bit more in terms of some proof points on it also. If you remember, last quarter, we talked about some of the things that we had entered into and specifically in our Real Estate Capital line of business. You can see that starting to really show up if you look at the line of business reporting, and it's on Page 28 of the earnings release this morning. You'll see that FTE count is down in that particular area, and deposits are up. So we said it was a combination of what we were also going to be able to do on the cost side, but also looking at what we had to do on the revenue side. So it's a combination. When we talk about it, it's just not about costs. It's also about revenue enhancements and improvement and improving the overall profitability. So the numbers are coming through in various lines of business, and we're making reinvestments also just as we talked about in card or the branches in Western New York.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: So this is Jeff Weeden. We're going to continue to make investments, and I think we talked about that earlier, and I made that in my prepared remarks too, is that we will continue in this path, down this path. There's a lot of things that we have to -- all of us do in the banking industry to meet all the due updated regulatory requirements. And as we're going through and improving the overall efficiency and effectiveness, we're continuing also to invest in our businesses, and so I think you're seeing top line revenue growth also is what we're driving for. So we're targeting a 65 -- a 60% to 65% efficiency ratio. That's one of our targeted items. Now to get there, we have to have expense reduction and also revenue growth. And one of the things that we are keenly focused on is reducing costs where we can reduce costs. So we haven't given a specific target for the absolute run rate of expenses for 2013 at this particular juncture. What we have talked about is reducing our costs from where we were. You have to add in, which is why we tried to show some of the waterfall effect here when we talk about it, add in what we're making reinvestments on and what those reinvestments are for going forward.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay, so this is Jeff Weeden. What we have provided guidance on again was for the fourth quarter. We'll update our guidance for 2013. We continue to have maturities of CDs. Here, we talked about the $540 million in the fourth quarter. We'll have additional maturities in 2013, but they go down dramatically. So while we've been running close to the -- we had $1 billion in the third quarter. We’ve had $500 million here in the fourth quarter. They start to drop into the $200 million to $250 million per quarter going forward. So the entire 2013 time period, basically, the higher-costing CDs are about $1 billion left [ph]. I think when we look at our debt, we have additional debt maturities next year, but they're not that significant at this particular point in time. And in 2013, we have $750 million that matures in the May time period next year. So there's not a lot of additional debt maturities, and I think the other thing that we're constantly looking at is what do we need to have for a level of debt that's outstanding also to support just long-term liquidity of the balance sheet. So these are all the different things that we're looking at. We'll provide additional guidance as we get into next year. We think we're well-positioned at this point in time. The credit card portfolio is only on for a partial quarter at the -- in the third quarter. We'll have the full quarter benefit of it. You'll see that in the average balances for what we talked about. I think it's about $773 million over the average -- or the ending balances. If you look at the average balances, they were basically in that $470 million range, so significantly different. We'll get about $300 million pickup there in terms of balances at a much higher yield.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. So what we have on an ongoing basis, if you -- on Slide 10 in our deck, we tried to point this out. So the $16 million that we incurred in the branch acquisition, Mike, of that, we had $8 million of one-time expense, and we also had $2 million of amortization of the core deposit intangible that was embedded in that. So about $6 million were the ongoing costs. If you look at the card portfolio...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Approximately, yes. And then if you look at the card portfolio, we have the ongoing costs associated with the processing of the cards, and we also have embedded in that are the purchased credit card receivable amortization. In the third quarter, that number was $6 million, and it will increase in the fourth quarter as we have an entire quarter. So it will go up approximately $2 million. So on a quarterly basis, the $6 million will go to approximately $8 million going forward, and then we have just our normal processing costs that go along with that particular card portfolio in addition to other services.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it’s very dynamic, Mike. I think as you look at it, we use the deposit funding here to really offset the maturities that we had in terms of the $707 million worth of trust preferreds. We also had additional debt maturities of about $650 million during the third quarter that were outside of the calls, and then on top of that, the investments of -- in terms of the card portfolio. So it was really used to help fund that particular investment, along with just lower levels of investment securities. So the balance sheet changed on the asset side, as well as the liability side.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, our -- in our analysis that we talked about, it probably would have been up about 10 basis points without the -- without it...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Loan growth, we still would have had very strong loan growth on the C&I book, and so we've really given the breakout of the overall loan growth without it. I think we were up about 1.1%, excluding the acquisitions, but that's because a lot of this -- that's on an average balance basis, Mike.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Net interest income, if we hadn't done the deals, I guess, I don't have that number right off the top of my head, Mike. We'll have to do the math on that.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think what we have to look at is -- this is Jeff Weeden. Each and every quarter, Bill Hartmann's area and the risk management area go through and build up the overarching reserves. So it's going to be -- it's going to depend upon the credit migration and overall quality, the size of the portfolio, and it has to be built up in that particular regard. So we said earlier this year that we expected to see charge-offs continue to come down. Now in the third quarter here, we had the regulatory adjustment that took place that it was an industry-wide event. That added to our provision and charge-offs about $45 million in the third quarter. We don't expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. So our long-term target of 40 to 50 basis points remains intact, and we said that provision expense would migrate towards our long-term targeted rate of net charge-offs. So in terms of reserve, I can't tell you, it may come down a little bit, may go up a little bit. It's going to depend upon how we build it up each and every quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It's probably more indicative of forward charge-off expectations. And of course, you always have to have a degree of what might be the embedded losses in the loss confirmation period for the credits that you have on your books today.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, Bryan, we're really not changing our near-term outlook at this particular point in time. We're still going through, and I think in terms of where that would be, it might be, again, $300 million to $330 million in that particular range.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff. Near-term, of course, we have the amortization of the purchase credit card receivables that's going to be going through. So that runs through basically on a sum-of-the-months’ or sum-of-the-years’ digits basis. So it's much more front-end loaded. We have some of the accrete-able income that's coming in. It was about $5 million in the third quarter. It will be slightly less than that in the fourth quarter, and that part of it burns down relatively quickly. The amortization will continue on. So from a net P&L, in the very first year or so that we have of this, it’s not what I would call accretive to the overall bottom line because of that. It's really the long-term view that we have of the portfolio, and we've done all of our returns based on that.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff. It's going to be embedded into the various banking lines. What we're talking about, starting off here, is a portfolio of about $0.75 billion. We will grow that portfolio over time, but that is probably not a "significant standalone line of business" for us. We also have our enterprise commercial payments, and that was part of our announcement too in July. So we talked about what we're doing on the merchant side of the business, and these are in -- and across the entire payment stream. So we are investing in payments within our company. But as far as breaking this one specific area out, that's probably not going to happen. We do break out on the margin analysis. You'll be able to see that. We'll break out additional line items, going forward, with respect to the fee revenue that comes from it, and so you could construct some type of a P&L from probably our publicly available disclosures on it.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, I think, in terms of overall capital levels, it's something that we have discussions with our board on, as to what that level ultimately will end up being until we see the final rules, and the NPR is just out at this point in time. It's still in the comment period. I know it's supposed to end here, I think, next week. So we'll see where we ultimately end up with. Clearly, we have more Tier 1 common than we believe that is necessary and that we would like to deploy that. However, it's a deployment that takes place between the board, management and the regulators as to how that will be ultimately repatriated into the future or utilized.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Well, this is Jeff Weeden. The portfolio at the end of the quarter was actually between the available-for-sale and the held-to-maturity portfolios were down to about $16.1 billion. And so we're getting close to kind of the floor level of maintaining a portfolio of right around that particular size just for overall liquidity management, as we've talked about pledging, et cetera, what we will use that portfolio for. In terms of the duration, it's around, I believe, 2.1, 2.2 years at this particular point in time. We've provided a disclosure for it. I guess I could go directly to that particular slide, which is Slide 15. 2.3 years is the average life. And in terms of what reinvestment rates are and what rates are going off at. So the overall yield on the portfolio, combined, is about 2.78%. I think if you look at what comes off currently, it's fair to say it's coming off at around 3%, and new reinvestment yields at this particular point in time on the product that we structure in the marketplace is about 1.4% to 1.5%.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We haven't disclosed how much we have booked already through the third quarter. I think though if you look some of the things that we have changed in terms of our shifting our FTE count around. So we've actually taken FTEs out of certain areas of the company. We've consolidated some of our operations. You can see that if you look at some of the specific line of business information I was pointing to on Page 28 of the press release. Those items have already taken place, and we've continued to work on overall occupancy costs, and we are continuing to invest, though, too in occupancy. And if you look at the third quarter, we added the 37 branches in Western New York. Those costs are on, yet occupancy cost remains relatively stable for us. So we're taking costs out. We're making reinvestments. It's a dynamic process that we're going through. We'll provide additional information as we get into the fourth quarter earnings call.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Dollars, so if you were to look at the third quarter, that's how you would have looked at the third quarter. It would've been in kind of that low-to-mid $30 million range. That's correct. And longer-term, we've said that it'll migrate closer in terms of basis points now in terms of -- to the 40 to 50 basis point range of charge-offs, which is where we're headed.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That's where we were for the third quarter. Again, we don't provide that specific type of a guidance with respect to the level of provision because it becomes more problematic as you just look at the overall credit quality trends, which are continuing to show improvement, and again, I don't want to get in front of ourselves until we actually close the fourth quarter on out...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: So we provided guidance for the fourth quarter at this particular point in time. We'll update that guidance as we get into the January time period when we do our fourth quarter earnings call. I think it's fair to say that we have -- in heading into the fourth quarter, we feel very good about the direction of the overall margin. So in that 3 -- the low 330 area. I think as you look further on out and we start talking about all of 2013, '14, if the rate environment stays exactly where it is today, assets are going to be pressured. Liabilities will continue to reprice, but there's less levers that we're talking about there. So I think in terms of longer-term, the margins for the industry and for us will be pressured as we go further out the spectrum.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That's what we're operating in today. I mean, we are above that for the third quarter, but we had the trust preferred gains out there.
William L. Hartmann: And Matt, this is Bill Hartmann, just maybe to add a little bit to what Chris and Bill have said. We've actually seen pretty good growth across the geographies and across our major segments of business. This is the result of a lot of effort that went into identifying who the customers were that we wanted to do business with and then decking bankers against those clients and understanding what our appetite for risk was and then just going out and executing. So it's a concerted strategy against the defined customer base.
William L. Hartmann: This is a Bill Hartmann. Just -- there's obviously been some press out there about, specifically, I think, the OCC, who has been talking about the level of reserves. If you read what they're really saying is they want to make sure that firms are diligent in the way that they document the level of reserves, and so we obviously have talked with them about the level of our reserves, and we're comfortable that we're showing the right level of reserves.
William L. Hartmann: If you look in some of the material in the appendix of the slides, there's a credit quality trends on Slide 19, and that gives you an indication of where things have been going.
