Beth Mooney: Yes, Matt. This is Beth. I’ll start and then look to Chris to see if he has any additional color or commentary. But I would tell you that it is always a competitive landscape, but as you can see in our performance, we continue to grow loan, we continue to grow deposits with particular success in our commercial franchise. Post First Niagara, we too have increased our marketing spend and believe our business model is well positioned with our relationship strategy, our targeted value propositions in our consumer to our commercial businesses. So as we look, I don’t see any particular shift in the landscape that would suggest that this is outsized competitive intensity and our franchise also, we enhanced it with the First Niagara acquisition and the northeast in particular. The strength and the growth we have in our western markets. So again, we feel like we have a balanced franchise, a competitive value proposition I have seen, strong results and momentum across our businesses.
Beth Mooney: Obviously, there is a window in which the regulators get to assess the potential timing and magnitude of how they will implement the regulatory relief. And clearly, we, in the industry, have a point of view and are in – always in discussion with our regulators. But it is early days since the passage of the Senate bill, and there is nothing further that I would comment on it at this point.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Kevin. This is Beth. And as we have looked at our capital priorities, we’ve been very clear that while we believe First Niagara was a good use of our capital and has been additive to our franchise, we are focused on our organic growth strategies and preserving capital for that purpose and making sure that we support return of capital to our shareholders. We’ve talked about targeting a dividend payout of some 40% to 50% and made a meaningful move with this year’s CCAR submission as well as continuing to repurchase our shares, which we believe creates good value for our shareholders. And then to the extent we have other nonorganic uses we call the people, product and capabilities, and over the last year, I think you can see examples of where we feel, for example, a year ago, acquiring HelloWallet, bringing on Cain Brothers on to our platform in the fourth quarter, reacquiring and relaunching our merchant servicing businesses. Those are examples of how we see augmenting our franchise is appropriate uses of capital in lieu of not interest or prioritizing bank acquisitions.
Beth Mooney: Well, thank you, and we thank all of you for taking your time in your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks for the day, and have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
Chris Gorman: Matt, it’s Chris. The only thing I would add to that, you asked specifically about the Midwest. As we look at what’s going on in the Midwest, we’re probably having the strongest year in the Midwest that we’ve had in the last three years. So, we feel like we have good momentum, since you asked about the Midwest. Other areas where we have a lot of momentum are in Metro New York, Colorado, Salt Lake City and Portland, and our Community Bank. And I think we benefit there from pretty robust economies and a lot of in migration. As we think about our Corporate Bank, where we have a lot of momentum there is really an M&A, which is taking shares specifically around the healthcare area. And as we think about our other businesses, we’ve got a lot of momentum and technology as well. So I think it’s a step back, yes. It’s a competitive landscape. Yes, the level of competition is stiff. But I think all the investments we’ve made over the last five years in bankers and other investments are really paying off.
Chris Gorman: Steve, it’s Chris. We’re out talking to our clients all the time. Clearly, it’s a topic of discussion, but it hasn’t manifested itself really in any change of plans that we’re seeing. Also, keep in mind that the tariffs that have been imposed and those that are being discussed do have different impacts for different clients. But short answer to your question is we are not seeing the impacts yet.
Chris Gorman: Well, it was really across the board. I mean, let me start with our Community Bank. We really had just very strong loan growth across ours geographies. And as I mentioned a little earlier, the particular highlights were places like Metro New York and some of the places in the west. We’re also really pleased with the traction that we had in the Midwest. And so those are kind of from the geography perspective, Steve, where we’re getting a lot of growth. As it relates to our Corporate Bank that it would be where you would expect to see debt growth, and that would be in places like industrial, some portions of real estate, some portions of energy.
Chris Gorman: Peter, it’s Chris. No, our strategy is unchanged. In fact, as we think about it, we – our credit box is unchanged, our strategy is unchanged. We’ve always been very targeted, and we’re out there growing new customers in the areas that we’re good at, and C&I is one of those. We also, of course, have a business model where, from time to time, there’s a lot of velocity of our balance sheet. So you get certain ebbs and flows. But as we – our leading indicators are, we look at how many new clients we bring on, and we look at how many enhanced relationships. And the progress has been pretty steady.
Chris Gorman: John, a couple of things. First of all, if you think about commercial real estate, that would be an area that we’re accommodating our clients in that we’ve raised 19% more capital this year than last year. But in terms of what we’re putting on our balance sheet, we’re being extremely careful there. So in one of Don’s slides, I think, it shows that our construction piece is about 11%. So if you look at real estate, for example, we’re below the market. We’re actually shrinking by 1.2%, the market is growing by 1.1%, but that is really by strategy. And so that would be an area that I would point out to you where we’re kind of an outlier.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. We always think about this business really on a trailing 12 basis. But having said that, since you asked about the third quarter, the discussions and activities we’re having with our clients and our prospect are strong. I would characterize our third quarter investment banking and debt placement fee pipeline as being strong.
Don Kimble: Yeah. Hi, Matt. This is Don. As far as the early-stage delinquencies, those are really influenced by some loan renewals that didn’t get completed by the end of that 30-day window. And so we don’t see that as a trend as far as overall credit quality. And so we think that the things are progressing as expected with normal seasonality.
Don Kimble: Just getting the paperwork signed, and that’s really the only thing that drives that. And unfortunately, does create some bumps every now and then in that 30-day delinquency bucket.
Don Kimble: Right. And we did see the deposit betas pop up this quarter. And as we said, our deposit beta was 41%, and our cumulative deposit beta is 25%. So we did see a change. What we have seen change in, really, is more on the commercial side and a continued migration of some of the consumers into a more higher-yielding offerings, whether it’s time deposits or higher-yield money-market type of product. We’re especially seeing that in the wealth area of our bank, our private banking type of customers that are accessing that. But we have adjusted our guidance a little bit by saying that we expect to see the betas continuing to ramp up to close to or into that mid-50 range throughout the rest of this year. So, it is more competitive from that perspective, but we still feel very comfortable with our outlook as far as net interest income and overall margin. And so it’s something we’ll continue to watch. But we feel we’re in good shape there.
Don Kimble: Not seeing a significant change for the second half tax rate. I would say that second quarter did have some credits as well. But I think that the range is still appropriate, which implies maybe a slight tick-up in the overall tax rate.
Don Kimble: Great. As far as fee income that – we tend to see, especially the fourth quarter, be a peak quarter for us in several categories, including investment banking, debt placement fees and some of the other activity-based accounts, including cards and payments-related revenues. And so we would expect to see some seasonal growth from those categories, and that’s why we’ve continued to maintain our outlook for fee income. On the expense side, what you’re looking at there is a guidance range. It would be using our second quarter baseline of the $966 million in expenses, and assuming that we can continue to remain that rate – maintain that in the same general level and have that relatively stable. We think we can achieve that by continuing to benefit from the remaining portion of the cost savings for some of the charges we just took and some of the efforts we announced earlier in the quarter. And also, our outlook does continue to assume that the additional assessment from the FDIC premium does go away in the fourth quarter, and that’s about a $12 million benefit for us. And so that’s all predicated on that adjustment coming through, and it’s consistent with our outlook that we’ve had throughout the year.
Don Kimble: That is true that we’re showing reported results. And so it does include those actual numbers. And I would say that we would still be within the guidance range even if you went on adjusted for notable items, but it does include reported results.
Don Kimble: We’ll provide 2019 guidance later, but I would say that we’re clearly on our trajectory to continue to show positive operating leverage. And we think that our efficiency ratio will come down, and so we think that we’re on the right path. And we’ll provide more clarity on the 2019 outlook later.
Don Kimble: That really, for the most part, was a second-quarter cleanup. We will have some minor type of severance charges later in the year. But if you look at the charge we took in the second quarter, it’s four to five times what we would typically see in any normal quarter for these types of continuous improvement efforts. And it really reflects the accumulation of those plans that we weren’t able to implement last year and are putting into place this year.
Don Kimble: We’ve talked about as having a CET1 of 9% to 9.5%. And we believe that is an appropriate capital range for us, and it also allows us to maintain a strength in our capital. So, we don’t have to issue capital in the downturn and continue to maintain our debt ratings that we have as well that we like being A-rated bank, and that’s helpful to reinforce that.
Don Kimble: We’ve got a couple of levers that others might not have available to them. One is that we’ve got about $1.2 billion in cash flow right now off our investment portfolio. And the yield of the cash flows coming out of 2.15%, and we’re getting about 125 basis points to 130 basis points additional yield on that rollover. And so that’s helpful for us, and we’re seeing benefit there. We also have, as we’ve talked before, about $18 billion worth of received fixed swaps that we use for our asset liability management. We’ve got about $6 billion of those that mature over the next year, and the received tax rate on those $6 billion is 1.1%. And so if we were to replace those today, we’d have about 170 basis point pickup in the yield. And even if we didn’t replace that, we’d still have a 90 basis point benefit, because right now, we’re paying 2% and receiving 1.1%. And so both of those will be additive. And I’d say lastly, we’re seeing our loan yield for new originations being in line with what is the average yield for our portfolio today. And so we’re not seeing the pressure there as much as what we would have seen historically. And so each one of those, I think, are helpful to help offset some of the impact from the higher betas going forward.
Don Kimble: I think it just shows a little bit more flexibility for some of our commercial customers. And what I think you’re seeing for the industry right now is that many of those commercial customers are going past their earnings credit rate they have on the deposits, and so they’re starting to move some of those excess funds into either interest-bearing deposits are taking them off balance sheet. And thank goodness for us, what we’re seeing is our non-interest-bearing deposits are relatively stable over the last several quarters. and so we’re able to retain those commercial customers and also maintain strength in that commercial loan servicing business, which help support those balances also.
Don Kimble: Peter, this is Don. I just had a couple of other snippets there as well. In the second half of last year, we were really burdened by some fairly large increases in the paydowns. And I’d say, in the first half of this year, while they’re still elevated compared to historic levels, they’re much lower than what we would’ve seen in the second half. And the second piece I would add to that too is that you also have to remember that many of our former First Niagara markets were working through their conversions and customer assimilation. And we start to really see that origination volumes pick up here late last year and early part of this year. And one of the markets we did see some success this – early this year was in Philadelphia. And so we’re seeing some growth there that wouldn’t have been present in the 2017 results.
Don Kimble: Even though you’re right that we’re at a 1.01% allowance of total loans, if you would back out the impact of purchase accounting and just book the reserve as they would be done on a normal basis, our reserves would be 1.16%. So, that’s more in line with peers. And I thought you might be going at it from a different angle. But we’re actually adding to our reserves, whereas many of our peers are showing provision below our charge-offs. And so we will continue to maintain the appropriate reserves and believe that we are with the credit quality, and it continues to remain in a very good position. And so we think that the reserves are appropriate at this point.
Don Kimble: Well, in the appendix, we have some updated information as far as the interest rate sensitivity. We do show there for a 25 basis point increase, it’s a $4 million to $8 million kind of benefit on each quarter for that rate increase versus with a lower beta, it would’ve been a $12 million. And so that three basis points to four basis points is probably in the two basis points to three basis points range for each rate increase. And so we will continue to benefit from that. But also keep in mind what will continue to help support our margin is the rollover in that investment portfolio on the swap book, and each one of those should be additive as far as the overall margin impact.
Don Kimble: Well, what we’ve said basically is there’s one rate increase for June that’s not reflected in the second quarter results. And the next rate increase is not until November, and so we’ll have very little impact there. And so I would say, margin for the third quarter should step up a little bit, but in the fourth quarter probably relatively stable.
Don Kimble: It’s say that we’re ramping up through the we’ll see some of that drift into the fourth quarter. So I don’t know if it’s going to be all there in the June rate hike in the third quarter, but our expectation would be at that level later in the year.
Don Kimble: You’re right. The second quarter, we saw average one month LIBOR up 32 basis points. So that was a little stronger than fed funds. And offsetting that, as far as the commercial loan yields, is a good portion of that $18 billion in received fixed swaps are pecked against that C&I loan yield. And so that minimizes the growth in margin from that perspective. And so third quarter will probably move more in line with what we see for the average one month LIBOR as opposed to fed funds, and you’ll see that trend to continue.
Don Kimble: I would say, one, our outlook does assume the normal seasonal trends and some of the market indications as far as what we would expect from the second half of the year for revenues. And two, what we said as far as the expense correlation that – it is highly incentive-based. And so we said that for each incremental dollar in investment banking debt basement fees, there tends to be about a 30% increase in the corresponding incentive line item. And so you would typically see, for us, fourth quarter incentives as one of the higher levels, because we’re also seeing investment banking debt placement fees at the higher level at that point of time in the year as well.
Don Kimble: Yeah. That CD category really is the first area of that of our retail customers are accessing to get the benefit from higher rates. And as far as the CD specials, we really don’t broadcast or advertise. We really look at the relationship level as far as how we price the products. And so we do have attractive rate offers for those customers that are seeking that to get a little bit better yield. But I don’t think that we’re out in the market actively campaigning with teaser rates or overstated rates on the time deposit category.
