Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, this is Jeff. I think as we look at how the year plays out is that expenses will trend down in the second half of the year. We're not giving that specific of a number, but I would say in general terms, you're thinking of it how we're looking at those overall expense trends. And I think we do have to factor in what other investments in terms of business opportunities that may exist. If we see opportunities in the market to add bankers, we will add bankers to grow revenue. So we're really trying to look at it on a net basis, too, in terms of not just the expenses but also focusing on the revenue side of the equation.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Steve, I think the cash efficiency ratio of the 60% to 65% just simply excludes the intangible amortization expense that we have. That was an item that also will decrease over time on the purchase credit card receivable amortization. Of course, it's heavier in the first couple of years, and the other core deposit intangible amortization is also heavier in the first couple of years. That will start to decrease over time. So what we wanted to get to is, what's the efficiency ratio x the intangibles. I think that's where we're focused on, and we know we have to -- 65% is the first step. Then we have to figure out how we're going to also continue to step down those overall expenses, as well as grow revenue to get it down closer to the 60% level.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. So as we look at, again, I think in terms of positive operating leverage, that is our mission is to grow revenues faster than expenses. That is our outlook as we look at 2013 and beyond. And I think that's one of the things that we're very focused on as a management team. And we're getting some of the lift, of course, not only from a better margin in 2013 than what we had in 2012, but also as we look at overall average earning asset growth now is starting to come into play. Last year, we were very stable in that around $72 billion of average earning assets for the year. This year, our expectation is that average earning assets will trend up with the general overall growth in the loan portfolio. So from that perspective, we feel very positive. I think if you look at the -- then your second part of your question was on home equity. In the third quarter, we, like everybody else that was a national bank, had to make some determinations on the level of Chapter 7 bankruptcies and the amount of a charge-off that we would take. And we work through all of those particular charge-offs in the fourth quarter and actually got down to applying on a loan-by-loan basis across the entire portfolio group. That's what led to some of the shifting around. We took a charge to the home equity book in the third quarter. And as we reapplied on where those charge-offs actually came out in the fourth quarter, that resulted in that adjustment that you saw there. So in total, charge-offs related to the home equity book, about $10 million less across all portfolios related to that Chapter 7 in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Josh, this is Jeff. As we look at payback periods as one item, but as also looking at what's the internal rate of return over time, and we want to strive for something that's in the at least the mid- to upper-teens on IRRs related to our investments. We talk about some of these investments that we're really looking at. We really look at the technology side of the equation, remaining at these elevated levels through the first half of 2013. So if you go back and look, we were up basically from where we were in the second quarter. That investment went up about $10 million. It was up $2 million in the third quarter. It ramped up an additional $8 million in the fourth quarter. We expect it to remain at that level for the next couple of quarters as we deliver now some of our systems. And those systems then will help us also make some moves that we have with outside parties currently to bring those on to our own platforms and reduce cost elsewhere. So those are very positive on the payback time periods. Certain other investments, you have to look at your trust accounting system. It's an older system. We're going to a more modern system. It will give more feature and function to our clients and to our bankers internally, so that's a necessary expenditure that we have to make. And again, that will be implemented here in 2013.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think the way that we are looking at this particular number, Erika, is that it will be within that kind of that fourth quarter range for the first half of the year, and that has the additional technology spend in there as well as severance-related costs and other costs associated with our Fit for Growth initiative. So could -- it will be within a range of that, say, $750 million in that particular range for the next couple of quarters. That's the expectation.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Erika, I think we have to manage expenses. After we take these particular expenses out of the organization, we have to effectively manage the expense base of the company. But we have to have more revenue. So I think that's really where we're becoming much more focused all the time in terms of what we are attacking in the marketplace. Our exit portfolios are getting smaller and smaller all the time, so that's less of a drain that we have. And I think in terms of if once we start to look at the overall core growth, and it's not just the loan portfolio because it's really looking at client penetration and getting more of the overall business from those particular clients. So Chris, do you have [ph]...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, it has to come from both. It's not just balance sheet-driven. Particularly in this particular rate environment, I think you've got to have both. You've got to get paid for your balance sheet not only in some form of spread, but you also have to have ancillary businesses in today's environment.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. So on the tax rate on a GAAP basis would be somewhere between 26% and 27%, and on a tax equivalent basis would be somewhere about 100 basis points higher than that 27% to 28%.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That makes us for the Corporate Bank. Overall, we're about 43% on the fee revenue. So I think the Corporate Bank is clearly an important driver of fee revenue for the organization.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: And Gerard, on Basel III, I think we have to wait until we see the final rules to come out to determine where we're going to operate and where the industry is going to operate. Clearly, at this particular point in time, we start with a very solid position and of course, that will be something that we'll have to manage to whatever those targets are over time. It's not our expectation that anybody is going to be allowed to do a major step change in their overall capital. So I think consistent with what Beth is talking about, the capital plans are filed, we go through the process and we wait to hear back in March on that.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff. I think in terms of the 50% that was in 2012, it was really for 3 quarters because we did not have any share repurchase plans in place in the first quarter of 2012. So last year's CCAR covered a period of the second quarter through the first quarter of 2013. And I believe we talked about we have $88 million remaining under that authorization at this point in time. We evaluate share repurchase, dividends and all the rest of the potential needs for capital when we put together our capital plans and submitted it. And I think we will simply wait until the findings come back from the Federal Reserve and disclose that information at that particular point in time.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It's there in our balance sheet, so they’re directly in the press release. You can look at ending, average, all different -- they're in the press release.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: It's on a cash basis. But if you look at the amount of amortization that we have in any given year, what we're currently running at would amount to about $45 million.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We mean in the first quarter of 2014. So 2013 is our year to show that we are making that step improvement, that we're taking cost out of the organization and we're growing the franchise at the same time. So as we go through the year, the expectation in the second half of the year is you'll see improvement over what we're running at in the first half of the year, and then we will have the full benefit as we enter 2014. We're trying to be as aggressive as possible in addressing our cost in the first half of the year to get as much as we can. And we'll provide, obviously, updates as we go on through this calendar year. That is our current plan. And I think we've been pretty transparent in our previous comments that we've made about other forms of expectations in the past, whether it's been on margin, expense levels, et cetera. So that is what we are targeting in the year, starting next year.
Beth E. Mooney: Josh, this is Beth. One thing I would also add in addition, I mentioned the rigor with which we will make those investments. And I'd like to share that part of what we developed in our operating rhythm in 2012 with the [ph] project management office, that that's the business cases and make sure that we're clear about the resources, the staging, the timing and the prioritization we give. And then rigorously also tracks the business value realization. So as Jeff talked about some of the metrics with which we would evaluate the return profile, that we also clearly track that we're realizing the benefit.
Beth E. Mooney: Erika, this is Beth. I would just add one thing for the Community Bank, that as we go through 2013, as Jeff indicated, we will burn through some of the amortization related to the credit cards of [ph] HSBC and that will be more -- so the operating leverage of that will come through more fully.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Ken, this is Beth. I think what we have articulated is we've spent what I would call the last couple of years as we really repositioned and refocused our company around this core value proposition between our Corporate and our Community Bank, where we're clearly built our capabilities distinctively as we've talked about within Corporate Bank with our various vertical strategies, our investment banking, debt and capital market capabilities, mortgage banking capabilities with our local delivery of our Community Bank. Clearly, leverage to a business and economic recovery, and I think we have the proof points in 2012 that shows real momentum in returns from that strategy. I think we have realigned, repositioned and hit what I would call the sweet spot capabilities and clients that will provide growth. So my thinking is that much of the repositioning, shedding that we needed to do, for a lack of a better term, I think has been accomplished. And now it is our time to continue the momentum you saw in 2012, execute that strategy, drive improved performance and valuation.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Mike. This is Beth, and I'll go ahead and just reiterate, obviously, our commitment with Fit for Growth, which is to reduce our expenses by $150 million to $200 million and also to use those to drive revenue in addition to our efficiency plans that get us to that 60% to 65% by 2014. So in addition to the business mix, which we are driving enhanced performance, I believe, through that mix of business and those differentiated capabilities, we're also incurring costs that include regulatory and compliance. We have some costs related to investments that are still early in the days of their return. The examples in 2012 would be Western New York, credit card. Jeff mentioned and I mentioned technology as an enabler of our business and investments in that regard. But I couple those in the context of the improvement in our business performance that is evident in 2012: loan growth, fees, growth in deposits, but awfully a significantly different mix and cost of those deposits. We've had meaningful improvements in our operating results of our Corporate Bank, and we've got many initiatives aimed at improving the performance of our Community Bank, perhaps most notably kind of the headline would be around rationalizing some of our branch networks. So I think we've been, are and will be diligent in considering every meaningful idea. Nothing is off the table, and we are working a portfolio of ideas that fit our strategy and are designed to improve our performance both in the immediate near term as well as over the long term, and we've got a nice mix of ideas in that regard. So I believe we're executing a very sound plan. It will improve our performance and enhance our valuations.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Mike. I think it's clear that Key has a very experienced Board of Independent Directors, and they regularly evaluate our strategies, our position in the industry and our markets. They look at our plans, our performance and balance that we're doing the right things for our constituencies and that our plan will drive value for our shareholders. So we believe there's tremendous value in our company, and our job as a management team is to execute on those plans and strategies that we believe will be successful for us.
Beth E. Mooney: And Nancy, this is Beth. I would add that one of the things as we track various levels in business volume and pipeline, this particular market segment has been perhaps the slowest to regain confidence and really start borrowing and lending again. And we noted what I would call the inflection point in the fourth quarter of 2011. But as we close out 2012, there's been a notable increase in pipelines in new business volume and business banking, coupled with some behavior that's similar to middle-market clients while retaining more cash. And we have really also worked to make sure not only we have the business capabilities, that we'd also connect those business owners to our private bank to help them maximize and optimize both their business assets of their personal assets.
Beth E. Mooney: And Rob, this is Beth. I would give you kind of a particular metric that I look at when I think about it, specifically about the income opportunity. Not having been a credit card issuer, our platform would have been more debit card-focused: freebies, [indiscernible] and obviously, in a different environment before Durbin. And we have 70% penetration in our checking account of debit cards. Now granted people use debit cards in a variety of ways and a variety of reasons, but bringing back in credit card and becoming a credit card issuer, our penetration on credit card currently is only 12%. So if you think about the opportunity to align that with our relationship rewards and all our core product capabilities and create more choice of how people exercise payment capabilities between debit card and credit card both for transactional needs as well as revolving credit. There is a significant fee opportunity that will come from that, both through growth but also through just penetration with our own client base.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Gerard, I'll go ahead and start with that, and then I'll let Jeff talk about relative capitalization levels. On CCAR, I would tell you that we very much did like the starting point that we went into this year's process. As you noted, we had strong capital, solidly profitable, rebalanced, derisked our balance sheet, and I think we've got very strong process and strong models, which are all important to that process. Our capital remains solid even after the plans we submitted, and what we submitted would be consistent with our capital priorities. And as we've talked about them, if the opportunity to increase our dividends to our shareholders, an opportunity to look at share repurchases, an opportunity to have a return of capital, so everything we submitted would be consistent with that, and we, like the rest of the industry, will share more broadly in March with the expected announcement of the results with the Federal Reserve.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, this is Beth, and I will start with a piece about our business mix and our business model does have differences. And from where we start, we're targeting 60% to 65% by 2014. And I think some of the tenor and the tone of what we try to convey today is that will reflect the demonstrable progress we intend to make in 2013. But we're also committed to being a company that works continuous improvement and has a business model that will also have more opportunities for revenue growth over the intermediate and long term as well.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Steve. As I look at it, I think several of the priorities, we are well in flight. I mean, it's a matter of continued rigorous focus that would be and maintain our moderate risk profile. I think returning within our targeted range on charge-offs and having realized significant benefit of quality of improvement in our balance sheet is something we just need to stay focused on. Our distinctive business model, I think, is already showing results and has been in our 2012 proof point. So I think continuing to invest smartly and drive our business outcome is a momentum we take into 2013. So I think the 2 areas that are highest on our radar screen would be aligning our cost structure and delivering on our Fit for Growth commitments, in a way where our targeted investments as well as our business strategy creates a trajectory of revenue to meet that 60% to 65% cash efficiency ratio as we start 2014.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, thank you, operator, and thank you for taking your time all to -- out of your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations group, Vernon Patterson or Kelly Lammers. Their number, (216) 689-3133. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: And Josh, it's Christopher Gorman. The other area where we've invested and invested successfully is in people. We think we have a unique business model focused on these targeted middle market companies. And if you look at the 82 people that we brought on that were kind of senior level calling people from the beginning of 2010 until present, that has been a good investment. We also invested in 2010 in mortgage banking personnel, and we're seeing the fruits of that as well. So that's another element of the investment program.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Josh, a couple of things to keep in mind. One, there was some activity late in the fourth quarter, but we don't think it was driving or overriding our business. Clearly, there were some tax-driven activity. With respect to going forward, I think Jeff mentioned that we're comfortable kind of mid to high single-digit numbers, and as we look at our backlogs, as we look at our ability to penetrate new clients, we're comfortable with that on a going forward basis.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: No, I think, Jeff, you're exactly right. We've had a fair amount of success in terms of adding relationships. So for example, this year, we added 669 new relationships. So that will set the stage for future growth. They average about $169,000 or so in revenue. But to Jeff's point, because of our model, we're able to really penetrate the relationships that we have. We talk about expanded relationships. Those are relationships that we do $100,000 more than we did in the first measurement period of 12/31/11. In that case, we had 425 expanded relationships, but in the aggregate, generated about $263 million. So those will be some of the areas getting deeper with these highly focused clients and bringing new clients on to the platform because as we mentioned, we think we can leverage the platform.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes, I think it will be -- Jennifer, it's Chris Gorman. It'll be across-the-board. But again, our strategy, where we target in these 6 verticals in the Corporate Bank, enables us to sell a wide variety of advice and solution. So payments, our enterprise commercial payments business, that's an important business and it's very, very sticky. We also continue to grow our investment in debt placement fees. That's another real area of focus. We also have been raising a lot of capital for these mid-cap companies. So right now in terms of mix, we're about 57% noninterest income, the balanced interest income, and we don't see that deviating much. We kind of like that mix, 55%, 45%. So it will be across-the-board focused on these very targeted companies.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Jennifer, just to give you one kind of proof point on kind of our mix of fee versus interest income. Well, a great case study would be our Real Estate business that we've completely repositioned. The actual balance sheet is about half today what it was in the financial crisis. And as you look at loan origination, this year, loan origination is up 22%, but 57% of that is off balance sheet. So you can see that we continue to look at that mix and how we can use our balance sheet as a lead, 70% or so of the syndicated financed deals we lead, but how we can utilize that to really drive some of the fee income streams you were referencing.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. It's Chris Gorman, Brian. We have a solid pipeline. Our pipeline is, frankly, every bit as big as it was going into this year. If you look at kind of the line items that go through there, which are basically mortgage banking to Fannie, Freddie, FHA and the life companies, we're up from, say, $1 billion in 2010 to just call it $3.9 billion this year. We think it's -- we don't think we can continue probably on that trajectory. But as we look at our pipelines, our pipelines are actually greater today than they were a year ago.
William R. Koehler: And I would say -- Josh, this is Bill. As we look at our pipelines in the Community Bank, especially in our commercial businesses, the pipelines are significantly stronger than they were the same time last year. Our pull-through in the fourth quarter was good and yet our pipelines are still strong and I would say importantly, more balanced regionally.
William R. Koehler: Nancy, this is Bill Koehler. A couple of comments. In the past year or so, we have seen the tone of small business improve. People are beginning to invest more, and we've been able to serve them in 2 ways through providing loans and deposits and other operating capabilities as you normally would. But also by using our SBA capabilities, and we have leveraged them very effectively to support a wide range of small businesses in our footprint to the point where we're even acknowledged by the SBA in May, I believe, or June for -- as a leading SBA lender to middle-market companies in the country. So we feel very good about where our clients and prospects are in terms of wanting to build their businesses and invest in them. They're still a little cautious, but they're stronger. And we have proven an ability to continue to serve them. We see opportunity ahead. Chris mentioned payments as an opportunity to further penetrate our clients, add more value and generate more revenue over time. But we feel good about the progress we're making.
William R. Koehler: I guess -- this is Bill, Rob. We feel very good about the progress we are making in both cases. In credit card, we are growing our accounts at a faster rate than planned. We're seeing improvement in fees -- or I should say dollars transacted per -- dollars per transaction. So we're seeing a lot of evidence that our integration process is working well. We think we can grow that nicely over time. And in the case of HSBC, within that franchise, we're seeing similar positive dynamics. Retention rates of those clients have been better than planned. Employee retention is better than planned. So we see some momentum building, and we think we can continue to grow it.
William R. Koehler: And Rob, one other thought. We just spoke about the revenue side here. As part of our integration plans, there are opportunities to improve our infrastructure costs as well, which end up flowing through to the bottom line.
