Jeffrey Weeden: Yes. Ken, this is Jeff Weeden again. I think in terms of the overall average earning assets, the first quarter around $75.2 billion, on average. And with the repayment of the TARP and the movement of the escrow balances, plus we had sub-debt that matured at the bank level in the first quarter also, our expectation would be that average earning assets for the second quarter would probably decline approximately $3 billion. As we think about it, though, then that's getting fairly close to the bottoming out. There may be a little bit of additional movement but there's not a lot of debt maturities for the balance of the year. And I think the other thing is that we've talked about is we are more of a liability-driven balance sheet at this particular point in time. And so I think that's where we'll kind of bottom out. As far as loan growth, we talked about, basically, the second half of this year. I think in the C&I book, we have seen relative stability in ending balances. So ending balances for the last quarter here are fairly close within the straight C&I book. In terms of when that overall decline of stops on the total book, I think, again, we'd see the exit portfolios are slowing down at this particular point to the $300 million to $400 million range. And I guess I'd ask both Bill and Chris could maybe comment on what they're seeing on the lending side.
Jeffrey Weeden: Ken, this is Jeff. In the Community bank, the story is very similar. Commercial loans did grow this quarter and we've seen loan approvals up dramatically this quarter versus past quarter and even to the highest level they had before the downturn in 2008. So some good activity there. Business banking, we saw a little bit of growth this year and that's the first time we've had in a number of quarters. So we feel good about the trends that are developing.
Jeffrey Weeden: And I would say, Steven, the Community bank, we've been relatively flat although our utilization has been up slightly more than the Corporate bank's book, but not enough to say it's dramatically different.
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes, I think in terms of the non-exit books, yes. I think even in terms of how we get later into the year, our expectation is that the exit books have slowed at this particular point in time and that we're expecting to see stability and potential improvement, obviously, growth in the overall loan look by the end of the year.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, this is Jeff. There are a couple of things. One, we do have certain other things that are in the swap book that have benefited, provided benefit, and those swaps have been rolling off. And I think from the competitive side, perhaps Chuck can talk about what he's seeing on the spread in the overall market as for loans coming in.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, the escrow balances, obviously, were $1.5 billion going out in March. So that did have an impact on it. That will be in several different categories. So some of those are DDA balances, some of them are money market account balances. So that does have an impact. I think if we look at personal checking accounts and some of the other things, we did see growth in those overall accounts. So I guess we feel confident about as we look forward, at this particular in time, on overall deposits. But also bear in mind that we continue to have CDs that are coming up for renewal and repricing and if you've got a CD that's coming up and it's a 3% or a 2% or a 5% yield on it and it's repricing at 25 basis points, that's somewhat of a shock for people. So they've been moving some of that money to other deposit categories too or looking for other yield elsewhere in the marketplace. So overall, I said I think we feel relatively good about where we are in deposits. In terms of the foreign branch deposits, you'll see also that short-term investments were up at the end of the quarter. So we have probably about $2.4 billion in total that, that account was higher at the end of the quarter and it was just offset in short-term investments and those went out. In other words, they've left the Fed account after the end of the quarter. And if you look on the average-balance basis, average balances are pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter on those two categories.
Jeffrey Weeden: That particular one? That's already gone. That was a transaction, as Joe was talking about, it was one of the capital markets transaction. So the client raised some capital from the end of the quarter that was in deposit short-term and then it moved out of the bank shortly after the end of the quarter.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, in terms of our cost on our deposits overall, we're still going to see a reduction in terms of the overall level of deposit costs. We have CDs that are higher rate that continue to mature. So whatever they're going into, whether it's into a money market account, a NOW [Negotiable Order of Withdrawal] account, a checking account or even back into a CD, it's at less cost than what it was maturing against. So that will have an impact on the overall cost of deposits.
Jeffrey Weeden: Rob, this is Jeff. What we talked about was the net interest margin between 3.15% and 3.25%. And that the expectation was that average earning assets would decline approximately $3 billion here in the second quarter as a result of a lot of the movement of the bonds repayment of the TARP shares in the first quarter along with the escrow balances. So I think in terms of where we see the margin, we see it coming down in the second quarter and then we see the overall level of earning assets coming down. But as I also said in our previous question, the level of earning assets going forward is going to be driven a lot by the liability side of the equation. So not expecting a lot of movement after this particular quarter. And as we think about the overall margin, what is it going to take to have an improvement in the margin? We need to have overall interest rates come up. We are asset-sensitive. We took risk off of the balance sheet in the first quarter, also. So when the escrow deposits were removed, we also reduced the size of the investment portfolio. So we used that to fund that. So there's less "interest rate risk" associated with that, and we became a little bit more asset sensitive as a result of those activities.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, Betsy, I think in terms of looking at the amount of capital that we have and going back to our ROA. So as we deploy capital over time, in other words, how we return capital or we look at potential M&A opportunities in the future, all of those things will be taken into account. But our targeted ROA, what we've put out there, is 1% to 1.25%, and you'll have to apply them against the leverage we ultimately end up with.
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Ken, this is Chris Gorman here. Just to follow up with Jeff's comments. So we too see stabilization overall in the second quarter and then growth in the back half of the year. One of the things, though, that we always focus on is the real estate book, because that clearly has been the biggest driver. Real estate, you'll notice on Page 19 is down about $900 million throughout the quarter. Interestingly here, we're starting to see, frankly, a fair amount of traction. In that portfolio, we still think it will be down in the second quarter. We think it will stabilize in the third quarter and we think it will grow in the fourth quarter. And our confidence in the growth is based on the pipeline. We see the pipeline is up say, 8.5x, believe it or not, from where it was in April of 2010. And not everything the pipeline is going to matriculate. But the fact of the matter is when you have that kind of a pipeline, we feel pretty good about it. As you look at the C&I book, which is basically stabilized, we have about 71 deals in the pipeline in the Syndications business where we had basically the second best quarter that we've ever had. And of those 71 deals, we think that will generate outstandings for KeyCorp throughout the balance of the year, somewhere in the neighborhood of $600 million to $700 million. So Ken, our view of it is exactly as Jeff described. Real estate's a little bit of an outlier in that it grows later as we implement our strategy, but we see stabilization to second quarter growth and the third and fourth.
Christopher Gorman: Steven, it's Chris Gorman here. We have not seen an expansion in utilization. As you look at the C&I book, it's up a tick from the third quarter of last year and consistent with the fourth quarter. Our growth is really coming from people buying equipment in our leasing business, frankly, some transactional lending that we're doing, but we are not seeing, yet, an increase in the utilization.
Christopher Gorman: And Betsy, it's Chris. Just to add to that, we've been very pleased in the Corporate bank with the amount of talent we've been able to bring in, kind of what our hit rate is and the ability of these new senior-level relationship people to leverage what we think is a unique business model.
Beth Mooney: Steven, that's a good question because we balance that decision every year and are in a wave of expansion in some of our core targeted market, specifically Seattle, Portland and Colorado where we see our branch share growth outpacing with our density increases. So as we look at each year, we validate that we do have enough market share growth and are in attractive demographic markets to support those new branches. We've also changed the mix of where we placed them to be more small-business and middle-market as well as private-banking-centric, and we monitor the profitability of that portfolio in the business cases monthly. And we are continuing to look at that program to deploy new branches only where we feel like we can generate a return consistent with our business case. But we evaluate it constantly and are looking at the mix of branches and doing more relocations this year where we'll take an existing branch that is slightly off the trade area and move it to a more attractive area. So some piece of those 40 branches include relocations to help the overall fleet.
Beth Mooney: With that, thank you, Henry and David. That's a good question because, obviously, the whole notion of capital management will be a big issue for, not only Key, but the industry going forward. Jeff, in his prepared remarks, mentioned that we do have among peer-leading capital level and that we will be focusing on opportunities to profitably deploy this capital. As you mentioned, part of our capital assessment that we submitted to the Federal Reserve included a request to increase our dividend on our stock to $0.03 a share, which the Board will consider in its next meeting. So obviously, dividend policy as we go forward in the coming years will be something that we will evaluate based on financial performance, earnings levels and so forth. And then we've often talked that we continue to support and invest in our franchise through the downturn, but we are very much focused on what can we do to support the organic growth of our business, as well as support loan demand that we've indicated, we believe, will be returning as we go through the year. And then at the end of the day, another thing that we could look to is how do we opportunistically expand our franchise. We have many markets that we deem to be attractive, where we have opportunities that we could grow market share through some tactical fill-in acquisitions. And we think the geographic diversity of our footprint actually translates into a number of opportunities we could consider over time. So if we stay disciplined about our investments, about our de novos, about our acquisitions, as well as thinking about what appropriate amount gets returned to shareholders, we feel like our level of capital creates an opportunity for us to support organic growth acquisition opportunities and gives us a lot of flexibility as we start thinking about how to strengthen the value of Key in the future.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Nancy, that's a good question because we clearly have been the beneficiary, have very little repurchase risk, don't have MSRs on the balance sheet. So in many ways, have weathered some piece of the storm well as a result of that positioning. We have built up a mortgage platform within the Community bank of some 200 mortgage loan originators. And we are originating but we originate to sell. So we have been under a contract where we get a fixed revenue spread for that very important product to our clients and it is done on a white-label basis where our client does not realize that it is not Key. So that has been a very good solution for us. And we actually have seen our mortgage volumes increasing significantly year-over-year. And over the last several years, we're up some 30% or 40% versus the same time last year and view the market uncertainties as an opportunity for us to continue to provide that product. But we chose to make it a fixed spread versus riding the wave of the volume variable production and cost curve of mortgage. I'm not going to say in the future, we wouldn't reconsider whether our mortgage platform of a different nature made sense for our company, but for right now, we're very pleased with the ability to offer the product, attract good sales people because the disruption in the market has created a lot of good people who are seeking a different mortgage platform and being able to robustly offer that product to our clients. And we do have a small book where we will balance sheet for our private clients and our private banking clients.
Beth Mooney: Nancy, we talk about that in our asset liability committee meetings, and we do have a bucket that we are willing to put on the balance sheet for the right client profile. Like I said, heavily into our private bank client group and that is something where we have continued capacity and appetite and review it regularly to make sure we like the credit statistics, the yield and the mix with our assets.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Erika. We are in the process of doing our three-year strategic plan as we speak. The opportunity to repurchase the TARP capital and put that behind us and get more clarity on what our capital base index was going to be. And as we've all noted, we are also now in the position of where we are generating capital on a quarterly basis. Supporting dividends would be a priority. And for our 2011 capital plan, we have indicated that our Board will consider that increase. But going forward, we will always consider, on a quarterly basis, what is the appropriate level of dividend relative to our income. And then first priority is the strategic execution of our business plans. We have said that we are not in any way dependent on mergers and acquisitions in order to organically grow our business and support our growth plans. We view that as an opportunity in addition to investing in our businesses and continuing to grow on our balance sheet. And then share repurchase was not part of our 2011 capital plan. Obviously, over the years, you would always look at whether or not you return excess capital to the shareholder or you can effectively deploy it with discipline for shareholder return. But that is not currently on our radar screen of how we're thinking about capital opportunities.
Beth Mooney: Erika, that's a good question because one of our thoughts is our geographic diversity does provide us lots of opportunities. Because of our relative market share and distribution in many different markets, we view the M&A landscape as high a highly opportunistic for Key. And there's that old saying, "Banks get sold, they don't get bought." So you can't necessarily articulate where some of these depository opportunities would fall. But demographically, when we look West, we felt like there is a good fit with our franchise for some potential acquisitions in the Western markets, and we have been strategically building de novos in anticipation of the ability to continue to ramp up our performance in the West. So look at it that way. And then as it relates to markets where we currently do not do business, we would consider that a low priority. I think it's a slow way to go into a market where you don't have existing presence and name recognition so would not target anything that took us into a new geography in and of itself. But we might get an expansion of our footprint as you look at M&A, but we wouldn't target to just try and go into a market without name recognition that didn't also complement what we already have.
Beth Mooney: And Betsy, I would just add that when it comes to the deployment of human capital, we have been very opportunistic at adding people in client-facing roles against markets or verticals where we see an opportunity to gain share or garner new and additional clients and have put kind of a hurdle out there that we expect people to produce enough revenue within 12 months to justify their hiring. And then as it relates to technology, that has been a significant enabler to our business strategies to promote client insights, to have better active information on how to predict client needs, as well as resolve problems. So as we look at our portfolio between plant and equipment as it were our branch network as well as people and technology, we have been investing across the board to support our business plans.
Henry Meyer: This is Henry, Steven. One of the things that I just want to highlight in Beth's comments is that we don't justify, in this environment, branches for retail deposits. Beth said, in Bill's comments about loan growth, but when we're looking at branches today, we're really looking at stores that are going to take in retail deposits but also make small-business and middle-market loans be attractive to private banking and a more, a different clientele there. So it's really a more holistic approach to the Community bank than it is just a retail deposit play.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think there is still some additional room on the legacy environmental cost that you're referring to. So we're running at about $10 million a quarter on OREO expense for the last two quarters. And I think if we get to a more of a normalized environment time, that number will probably drop to closer to a $5 million. There's always going to be some degree of costs associated with it. So there's a little bit more that's left there. I think in terms of, overall, our expenses, we saw a nice improvement across a number of different areas in the company. And I think there's just an intense focus on it within the company now, with what we set up in our sourcing area that we have and going through and really managing and working with across the company to control those costs. So we're trying to be very judicial about what we spend but then also looking at making investments. So I think as Beth talked about your previous question was on new branches and where those are located and people, I believe in the comments Beth also made in her prepared remarks, that within the Corporate bank, we've added a number of people in the last year and we'll continue to add people as we see additional business opportunities out there. So we expect to have positive operating leverage from that as business activity improves on the part of our clients.
Henry Meyer: David, I'm going to turn that over to Beth because I have two weeks left. So I don't think we're going to do much on capital in two weeks, and Beth will be the CEO so I'm going to let her answer that question.
Henry Meyer: Joe, do you know what that yield is? This is going to be, if you look here on average, it's 31 basis points.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think we have $1.8 billion in trust preferreds outstanding, and we did not have anything incorporated into our 2011 capital plan that was acted upon earlier this year, this last quarter. And so any activities that would be related to the trust preferreds would require us to resubmit a capital plan or submit a capital plan. And what our plans are along those lines, obviously, as we continue to get our capital, to have discussions with our Board and we will be thinking about a number of different things over the course of the next several months.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think in terms of looking at the Key revenue side of the equation, we've pretty much come to the bottom, I believe, on the deposit service charge side of the equation. Trust and investment management service fees, as we continue to make investments into our private banking operations as well as overall market activity in that particular area, has a tendency to usually build the course as we go through, through the course of the year. Other related items, I'm not certain in the aggregate. If you look at the total that we have that there's going to be a lot of difference in terms of the overall total picture, but mostly individual line items move during the course of the year based upon business-related activities.
Henry Meyer: I think in terms of, Brian, what we have to do, really review this with the Board. We have our plans that we're developing and putting together as Jeff was talking about. Strategic plans are underway. [indiscernible] But as we all know, everything requires us, once you're part of the 19 SCAP banks, you have to go back with your capital plan and resubmit it to the regulators for any changes to it. So I can't represent any differences than what have already been approved. I think share repurchases are something that will be incorporated into the future capital plans that will be presented. Our primary focus on this last capital plan was to repay TARP, we've paid it in as friendly a manner as possible, seek a dividend increase, which we incorporated into it and retire the warrants. And that was a plan that the regulators did not object to and we are implementing that particular plan.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. This will be my last opportunity to thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in one of our earnings calls. As you know, a lot of changes in the industry and here over my 39 years at Key, and I remain confident that under Beth and her leadership team, the company will perform very well, serving our clients, communities, employees and shareholders going forward. So thank you for your time and interest. If you have any follow-up questions regarding today's earnings material, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson and/or Chris Sikora at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks.
