Henry Meyer: Well Matt, the first thing I’d like to point to, we added a slide in the appendix of today’s section, Slide 15.  And in there we tried to do a reconciliation or roll forward of the loan activity.  And as you can see from – on that particular slide, the decline – the majority of this decline that we experienced in our loan portfolio outside of the exit portfolios coming down by about $400 million, gross charge offs were around $400 million and the rest of the decrease was around about $1.1 billion.  Of that, about 800 million of that 1.2 billion really came from our commercial real estate book. We’re going to continue to see commercial real estate loans continue to pay down here.  There’s improved – I think, liquidity we’re seeing in the marketplace and certainly on the multi-family is doing very well in today’s marketplace.  But I think if Beth and Chris would probably be willing to comment here on the middle market and the leasing books of the large corporate.
Henry Meyer: Well, that’s clearly a way of thinking about it, Matt.  We’re trying to do the right thing in paying TARP back with our shareholders in mind and we are also very conscious of some of the implications of early versus late.  So we’re taking all those things into consideration as we look at the appropriate time.  But no matter when that time is, it’s getting closer every day.
Henry Meyer: Okay, this is Henry.  Let’s not ignore the growth opportunities too.  Our leasing portfolio showed a little bit of life in the third quarter.  Beth talked a little bit about business banking and middle market.  We got some great news and publicity in our Cleveland marketplace where we regained the number one position in this market.  All of those are factors that over, you know, a few years, as you know, you sort of framed it, yeah, we’re going to have run off, but we’re going to have new opportunities too.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think, you know, we go through the loan loss reserves and the provision calculation each and every quarter.  It’s challenging to determine exactly where that would end up.  Certainly if things continue to improve and continue to accelerate on the improvement and we’re not calling for that, but I’m just saying, if that were to happen on a hypothetical basis, yes, you could get down to almost a zero provision.  But that’s now what we are currently expecting.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think it’s a hypothetical situation.  There’s too many things that you have to project out into the future to actually make that call today.  I think it would be a nice problem to have and I would look for it to – seeing credit costs melt away in the future to in that position.  But at this point in time, I think it’s a little premature for us to make that call.
Henry Meyer: Well, you know, I think everyone understands the math to the degree our currency is higher in price, we’ll have to issue fewer shares for a given amount of capital that has been here before.  I’m not sure we can get all the way out to – I’m not sure we want to get all the way out to a point in time where our capital would demand that we don’t have to raise any because during that period, we have some restrictions and those restrictions in terms of the MNA and the like could also affect the longer-term value to our shareholders.  And you know, I think that the capital levels, we’re hoping that the regulators realize that the number should be coming down as companies are generating their own internal capital. So those are the, you know, the factors that we’re looking at.  On the other hand, as it relates to shareholder returns, 5% non-deductible dividend is not cheap anymore.  So it isn’t just let’s wait.  Some of it is what’s the right opportunity, what’s the right time, what’s the cost of some equity, hopefully less than, you know, a higher number.  And those are all the, you know, mathematical numbers.
Henry Meyer: And we’ve also just recently made some organizational changes in Beth’s Community Bank, where small business SBA is a segment.  So we’re really think to put a lot of focus I that area.
Henry Meyer: Well, on the non performing, we provided a little bit of information on the dollar amount of the inflows on page 25.  Relatively stable as far as the dollar amount of inflow coming into it.  But I think what we’re seeing now too, coming in on the inflow, specifically from the commercial real estate is going to have more income producing type property that’s going in there and then that’s getting resolved a little bit faster as we go through the cycle as liquidity it returned to the marketplace.
Henry Meyer: That well – we will be within that range by fiscal year 2012 but we won’t be at the upper end of that range until later on.
Henry Meyer: Yes.  I think earlier this year we provided a range of basically 750 to 800.  We then [inaudible] that 750, more in the 765, 775 range.  Again, I think with the $12 million pension credit coming through in the current quarter and ORE expenses, which are more difficult because they can be somewhat volatile to project going forward here, we would expect to be somewhere in the 750 range at this particular point in the cycle.
Henry Meyer: We did see overall improvement, I think non-performers in some of the categories were relatively stable.  Other’s declined quite nicely.  We saw multi-family non-performers came down very significantly.  The expectation, obviously, that we’ve provided in the prepared comments regarding where we see the direction of net charge off is still an overall decrease for the organization.  I think if you go to the press release itself and you look at Slide 23, you’ll notice on that that we did have a recovery, but that was in the C&I book, not so much in the CRE book.  So charge offs themselves actually showed a nice decline for the quarter.
Henry Meyer: Yes.  We actually have disclosed that in prior quarters where we generally carry our loans held for sale and our non-performing credit.  Non-performing loans are held at about $0.67 on the dollar.  If you look at in terms in non-performing loans held for sale are basically carried at about $0.60.  So we’re carrying a lot of the credits that are around $0.60.  Or I believe we have marked down to $0.51 on the dollar.  So when I say on the dollar, I’m talking about what the original face value of that particular credit was.  And we’ve been able to move the credits and some of the credits that were in the held-for-sale category at the end of the quarter have already been sold because at the end of the third quarter they were basically – the trade had taken place, a lot of these on the non-performing side is T-plus 30 as far as the closing goes.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think it’s primarily – Fannie and Freddie are still very active in the multi-family area and that’s an area that has done well.  I think you’ll see the Class A space is in high demand on the multi-family side of the equation.
Henry Meyer: Well, Carol, I would like to pay back TARP without issuing any common also.  Unfortunately, that has not been the practice of the regulators to date.  And we’re constantly talking to them.  And as I said earlier, that is one of the factors that we’re trying to evaluate as we work with them to try to find a solution that is shareholder friendly as well.
Henry Meyer: Well, I haven’t seen any banks that have, especially SCAP banks that have paid TARP back without issuing some capital.  But I think that they – they aren’t necessarily set on just one number and it’s a dialog that continues.
Henry Meyer: Well, I think if you look at the overall level of non-performing assets, non-performing loans dropped 330 million.  So if you look at our coverage ratio, our coverage ratio is not performers at this particular point in time, is up into 143%.  If you look at where we have the assets recorded, we’ve already taken charge offs against that probably close to 690 to $700 million just in non-performing loan components.  They’ve already been charged down.  We’ve done a lot of heavy work at this point in time, plus we’re getting further along into the cycle, so we’re very aggressive early on in the process and really working a lot of these non-performers out.
Henry Meyer: I just want to thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today.  If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team, Vern Paterson, or Chris at 216-689-4221.  That concludes our remarks.  I hope everyone has a great Friday and a good weekend.  Thank you.
Beth Mooney: Yeah, Matt, this is Beth Mooney.  We are definitely starting to see stability in the middle market loan book.  We have obviously seen that client base de-lever over the last seven to eight quarters, but if you look into the trends from the first, to the second, to third quarter, we had the lowest level of decline in this quarter that we’ve seen through the cycle and we are actually starting to see, as Jeff mentioned in his comments, particularly in our Great Lakes and Northeastern Regions, signs of increased new business activity and modest glimmers of loan growth. However, on net you still see pressures in the Western markets.  They were late into the cycle, but we do see some pickup in business activity and clearly signs of stability in the middle market book, as well as in the core leasing portfolio, which intersects with a lot of that same client base of renewed activity.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Gerard.  This is Beth Mooney.  It was a project that we started two years ago where we reviewed our franchise for intensity of small businesses in a three-to-five mile radius around our different branches.  And the realigned our staffing models and the competency of the people that we put in the staff in those branches to make their calling outward calling skills, their basic business [inaudible] and their familiarity with our small business product set to be differentiated in their ability to serve those markets.  And this has been going on now for two years.  We’ve seen a nice lift from those activities.  And just this week the JD Powers Survey came out for customer service in small business and Key was named, ranked number three of all the banks that were rated by JD Powers for their small business satisfaction.  So when I look at our focus, our increased efforts around FDA, this very targeted segmenting where we have business-intensive areas around our branches coupled with our service initiatives, I think it’s paying dividends for us.
Beth Mooney: Yeah, thank you Jeff.  Good question because we are obviously working very closely, not only with the regulatory changes, but trying to make sure that we review the full range of consumer options and trends given financial regulator reform. I have not seen any particular impact form that Huntington change.  I think you know that we introduced a new account for consumers called Key Coverage that provides them grace periods, minimum limits, a certain number free per day for a $10 fee per month.  We have also done a variety of things around how we have implemented Reg E to work with our clients to make sure they map to accounts and services that fit their needs, as well as making it a component of financial literacy.  And we are watching all these various trends and making sure that we’re doing the things that meet the segments and client needs, and are responsive to the environment.
Beth Mooney: Well, there are certainly opportunities because as we have talked in the past, we have many markets where we have less than what we called optimal amount of share, which is 10% in market.  While I think you would look at fill ins anywhere where it made sense to strengthen your market position and you could benefit from that combination, but when you look at market demographics over along period of time, I will tell you the demographics growth characteristics, as well as our share characteristics in our Western markets would be incredibly attractive to us.  And if you look at where we’re investing our branch expansion dollars, many of those are concentrated in our Seattle and Portland market, and Colorado market.
Beth Mooney: I think that’s one of those that is – we talked – all of us talk about the enviable industry consolidation that I think as that plays out, I think the watch word for us as well as other institutions is you need to be nimble and opportunistic and evaluate what becomes available.
Jeffrey Weeden: Craig, this is Jeff Weeden.  The timing – we go back to the second quarter, a lot of the deposit repricing happened late in the second quarter of that particular grouping of deposits.  And then the 2.8 in third quarter was more heavily weighted to the July and August time period.  So we’re seeing a slow down now.  As we get into the fourth quarter, the 800 million is going to be more evenly spread at this particular point in time, just like as we get into 2011 it starts to slow down pretty significantly.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think Craig, you probably saw that the DTA decreased in the third quarter from the level in the second quarter.  There’s a combination of events that draw that down.  One is profitability, obviously is critical and the other part is that the reserve for loan losses, which is a very large portion of the deferred tax asset component needs to come down.  So being profitable and being profitable on a pre-provision less-net charge off basis, as well as bringing the reserves on down, it improves that particular recognition of that asset. But it should be noted that as we go through the rest of this year as well as through 2011, that that particular asset will continue to decrease and should eventually get down to zero.
Jeffrey Weeden: Betsy, this is Jeff Weeden again.  I think part of the answer was – on the last question and that is as you see reserves coming down, so we have a combination of charge offs are coming down.  Charge offs now are less than our pre-provision net revenue.  We see that can trend continue, obviously that’s generating taxable income at that particular point as well as having the reserve itself come down.  So if you think about the reserve itself coming down and if that generated at the statutory rates for every dollar, $0.37 ½ coming off of that, that in and of itself creates less of a deferred tax asset. Profitability on the other hand improves that.  So as we look forward to the utilization of any net offering loss carried forward, so sort of existed at the end of the year, it starts to also get absorbed.  So there ar e all positive things that contribute to it and that’s why we believe that over the course of the next five quarters that the disallowed portion of the deferred tax asset will actually be gone.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, if you’re looking at that Slide 16 that you referenced, we’ve actually put the duration that we expect to invest in and that we have been investing in and it’s basically between 2 ½ to 3 ½ years.  We buy new, so we don’t buy premium bonds.  We haven’t bought premium bonds.  We’ve gone out basically in the first ten days of each month, we determine what our cash flow is going to be for the current month, make the appropriate investments at that particular point in time.  Obviously, the yield on those in today’s market has come down fairly significantly.  So new investments are going in basically for this month would be about 23%.
Jeffrey Weeden: It will, but the Basel III implementation takes place over a period of years.  And so we will look at how we’re going to restructure or do things different going forward, obviously. It does have an impact.  It will change the way we invest.  We may have, obviously, one of the things to look at, we may have more health at maturity.  The company will look at all different types of structures here to ensure that we don’t create a lot of volitility.  I think that’s an excellent point and certainly one that we are looking at very closely here at the company.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think all companies are going to be required to go to the new Basel III Capital Standards and the question I guess that you’re maybe getting it, do we think that we will have to adopt all the counter-party credit risks and the operational risk capital implications.  We currently are a Basel I bank.  We did not opt into Basel II.  So we do not expect that that will be the case that we will end up having to have those particular components in the capital computations.  But that remains to be seen.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, you know, we’re going to end up with the [inaudible] proforma basis on the OCI that we have right now.  We would estimate that our Tier 1 common ration could approach the 9% level.  So that actually would go up. Right.  Okay  Thank you.
Jeffrey Weeden: I don’t have that right off the top of my head here.  I think in terms of – it’s not a very significant amount.  As you can see, we have approximately 228 million in the restructured book at this point and time.  It’s not a material amount though.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, it really is volatile.  It depends on obviously the property that’s in other real estate and I think if we look at what we had originally in the other real estate categories going back a year ago or more, it was involving a lot more of the, what I call for-sale real estate in the sense of residential type property.  Today we’re talking about more of the income-producing property.  So we sold $63 million in the current quarter.  We had good volume with good activity.  We’ve actually, you know, if you look at the reconciliation that’s on Page 25 of the press release, we even had evaluation adjustments that we took in the current quarter of approximately $7 million that ran through.  And yet the overall ORE expense, including all the respite costs associated with it, including taxes, maintenance, etcetera, we’re netted down to $4 million. So we’re actually moving some of this property at this particular point in time at gains.  You know, that’s the part that I can’t predict in the future as to what will happen there because all real estate, obviously, is local.  We were very successful in moving property in the current quarter though.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think if you look at the 6 ½ billion as you referred to in discontinued operations, actually, the student loan book, that has a much longer duration on it.  So it’s going to be around for a long time.  If you look at the 5.8 billion, it is actually coming down fairly rapidly here over the past six quarters.  So if we look at that particular book, a lot of the stuff that’s going to pay off relatively quickly has done so.  When we get into the commercial needs financing, this 1.1 billion on that particular book that are the LILOs and the SILOs, those are going to be around for a number of years.  They may have maturities that go out into the 2020. On the Marine book, which is about 2.3 billion at the end of the current quarter, that also has a much longer duration.  Now, that’s more predictable as far as the cash flow coming off of it and it will continue to probably work its way down from 100 to $150 million in any given quarter.  And we may get additional acceleration of that if unemployment goes down and the economy picks up somewhat as people want to trade up to a different vote. So I think if we look at the overall balance sheet, yes it will come down some here, but it’s more going to be driven on the liability side.  So to the extent that we are continuing to take in deposits, we will find a place obviously to put those particular [inaudible] in investments.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, we went through with the actuaries, the assumptions that are being used on the plan.  And as you recall we froze the plan a year ago.  So we don’t have any additional earnings credits, salary credits, etcetera going into that particular cost.  As we went through and looked at the changes of the demographics associated with the plan participants that are in there, they’ll continue to get credited, a future earnings credit on that and it would be the evaluation of the update with the actuaries.  It resulted in basically coming to a zero pension expense for the year.  We’d already recognized in the first two quarters, $12 million of expense.  So the third quarter was a reversal of that 12 in essence, a credit coming through.  And then there’s no additional expense at this phase now for the fourth quarter based on that updated valuation.
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes.  In terms of the timing of it, it’s going to extend on our into 2012.  And we have a number of initiatives that are longer cycles that are going to involve the – they’re going to involve both in terms of technology investments that we’re continuing to make and overall process changes that are taking place in the company. So we’ve got some shorter-term benefits that we’ve been recognizing.  We had some additional implementation benefits in the third quarter and then as you look out, it’s not necessarily going to happen in even 25 million dollar chunks in any given quarter.  We could have that type of level again, we could have more or we could have less because if we look at that between the difference between the first quarter and the second quarter, it was a much smaller overall improvement.
