Don Kimble: Guidance should reflect the actual reported expense base of $2.820 billion and we would expect to see a low single-digit kind of reduction from that level for the full year of 2014. Keep in mind though that guidance also does reflect the impact of investments as well as the other costs expenses to be incurred in connection with further expense reductions.
Don Kimble: Great. As far as the LCR as currently drafted, we haven't provided what our estimated calculations would be as there are a couple pieces of that proposal that do cause some challenges for us. One is the treatment of collateralized deposits which we [inaudible] as an unintended consequence of the current draft and also some of the handling associated with agency securities that once the rules are finalized and we believe that there should be some positive, hopefully, changes from those issues. We should be in good standing without any significant changes to the overall balance sheet.
Don Kimble: I think you are absolutely right, Beth. We are very focused on driving positive operating leverage, and with that we do believe that will translate to improvements in our efficiency ratio and I wouldn't want to suggest that it could be at the same pace that we saw from the second quarter of '12. We were at 69% to the current quarter we are about 65%, but we do believe that it will be a measured improvement on a year-over-year basis.
Don Kimble: Ryan you had one of the sub-question there as far as the year-end growth and I would suggest that it was led by commercial real estate as Chris had alluded to and also equipment finance, so this wasn't some of the typical window-dressing you might see from some commercial borrowers at the end of the year. This was a core business that we believe will start as a good launching point for us in 2014.
Don Kimble: I agree. I think, Josh, as far as our capital levels, I think used to be dictated based on the results of stress test, prospectively than it will be on any type of reasonable buffer, but then even with that, we do believe that we have very strong levels of capital and more than what our business model would suggest we would need to have to maintain a very profitable strong balance sheet and we do have the current constraints as far as the capital planning process and I would not want to project when those rules or guidelines might change. I will tell you as I stated that our priorities are to support organic growth to continue to have a strong common dividend to return shareholders in a form of share buyback and to make it available for any other strategic opportunities, but we that we are going to be very prudent in how we manage our capital prospective.
Don Kimble: Sure, and I think you started some of the walk-forward there, Steven. Essentially, the one-time costs were $24 million which was the expense initiative and the pension settlement cost is $24 million, so that was roughly $4 million higher than our guidance. We also had expenses associated with operating loss, we also had some higher technology costs than were expected and we also had some increased costs associated with compensation plans that have a component tied to our share price and three of those areas cost us around $12 million, so if you would adjust for those areas that I think the core expense base for the current quarter is just shy of the $680 million range which would put us within that guidance range that we would have projected at the end of the third quarter.  We acknowledge that it was higher, we would suggest that the nature of those expenses that caused us to be higher would be more one-time in nature or non-recurring, which gives us some confidence in our expense guidance going into 2014.
Don Kimble: Well, our expense guidance was down low single-digits and we have defined low-single-digits as less than 5%, so if you take that $2.8 billion reported expense base and reduce it more in that range I think it would imply a fairly flat to maybe slightly down expenses from that core level you had cited, so we have committed to the $241 million in expense savings. That has been implemented. We would expect to see and realize the full benefit of that in the first quarter of 2014, prospectively. Our guidance does include the additional investments we are planning on making along with an estimate of what we think will be one-time costs associated with further expense reductions that we have planned going into 2014.
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the guidance for 2014, a couple of areas that we think will be strong contributors to us in the 2014 results for fee income growth. One is, investment banking and debt placement fee. We are expecting that to outpace the rest of the fee income categories. The second would be in cards and payments-related income. We have made some investments there and we really launched our proprietary card here in late third, early fourth quarter and so we are expecting to see lots of benefit from those two areas. If you take a look at the fourth quarter of $453 million, there are some items in there that are more seasonal in nature, including our corporate-owned life insurance income. We tend to have a pick up in the fourth quarter there and some of the other categories will show some normal seasonal trends too. For instance, in the first quarter with the day count being two days smaller or less, but it does create some pressure on some of the fee income categories in the first quarter compared to the full year run rate.
Don Kimble: Good question. I would have suggested that we would have seen more utilization of our excess liquidity earlier in the year throughout 2013, and we continue to see it build, but our guidance is on net interest income and not necessarily on the margin because of that. Because, we would expect to see higher levels of liquidity continuing into the first part of 2013, which would imply initially maintaining a margin that's really close to the current level, because those excess liquidity levels would continue. On a normal basis throughout 2014, we would expect to see the lower rate environment still have a one to two-basis point negative impact on a linked quarter basis and that will put pressure on the margin that will be offset by some of the benefit from utilization of that excess liquidity throughout the year.
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the operating loss, it was an individual issue that would be non-recurring. It was less than $4 million, so it wasn't a large dollar amount. It did result in a negative variance and we did recognize that later in the quarter. As far as the IT costs, but we had a lot less capitalized IT and more expensed IT in the current quarter based on the nature of some of the projects and that worked out to be about a $4 million negative variance there as well and so those are the two primary areas associated with that variance.
Don Kimble: Sure, Mike, and as far as the expense guidance that we always want to baseline that with our reported numbers and so the $2.820 billion is our total expenses for 2013. The low-single-digit kind of decline year-over-year is translating to something that would be flattish with the core expense levels in 2013. Absent the $117 million, the one-time charges, keep in mind that our guidance for 2014 does include roughly $30 million or so of one-time cost estimates for 2014 and also it does include investments that we are making in a number of our strategic areas, so we believe that the guidance is appropriate. We do believe that it does reflect ongoing expense initiatives and we are very focused on driving positive operating leverage and we think that this guidance does accomplish that and we think it's been consistent with our overall operating plan outlook.
Don Kimble: Well, as far as areas, what we need to continue to improve is our overall productivity across all of our segments and each of our businesses are keenly focused on that, we needed to enhance that over time. Just a more specific area is, if you look at our occupancy cost compared to revenue and size the organization, it is outsized and we have taken a number of initiatives and steps to address that. We have talked about the reduction in the commitment to space here in our corporate center and we are going to free up about 200,000 square feet and have a net savings of $4 million to $5 million a year coming from that and much of that doesn't kick off until '15 as these leases expire, but we have got similar efforts throughout our franchise that have addressed other regional headquarter space and trying to gain additional efficiency improvements there as well, so we are making a lot of progress, we do have a number of areas to continue to focus on and we are addressing it just like we have with some of the branch consolidation efforts as well. There are long list of initiatives and areas of focus and more of that will be driven prospectively by some of the change in the culture and focus on continuous improvements throughout the company.
Don Kimble: As far as the estimated one-time cost that's for programs similar to what we have implemented this year, and I would say generally it's about a year-and-a-half to maybe a two-year payback on some of the costs that generally has a fairly quick turnaround.
Don Kimble: The total costs associated with the expense initiative were in the $90 million range for the current year. On top of that, we had roughly $27 million on the pension settlement, so total of $117 million and we are expecting to have about $30 million of one-time costs in 2014.
Don Kimble: I would suggest that the $30 million has a one-and-a-half year type of payback period that would imply somewhere around $20 million type of annual expense reduction for those initiatives.
Don Kimble: I think that what you would see typically is the stress of about 300 basis points in most banks compared to what the capital levels would be on a starting basis versus what goes through the stress test, so I think that gives you one benchmark for that.
Don Kimble: As far as the first quarter, I think our baseline for the fourth quarter is a good start point to make adjustments from. Keep in mind that there are certain seasonal type of expense trends that do occur in the first quarter, so you will see some variance in a few line items like employer taxes and marketing tends to be a little lower for us, so you will see some positives and negatives there. As far as the $30 million of expected onetime cost, right now, we are not showing any significant volatility throughout the year, but that can change based on the timing of different announcements and plans.
Don Kimble: Marty, this is Don. Right now our estimated asset sensitivity is around a 3% position for a 200 rate environment. We have accomplished that from as you've suggested, the runoff of some of the swaps that have been matured, that did have a negative impact in the current quarter about 2 basis points to our margins as far as linked quarter change in our swap benefit. We would probably continue to manage in a relative similar range to where we are now. I wouldn't want to suggest that we would see a lot of variability in that over the next year. We have about $1 billion of swaps that mature throughout 2014, which will allow us the opportunity to adjust that position over time.
Don Kimble: No plans to make any adjustments there. Again, I think just beyond the swaps that the nature of our balance sheet allows us benefit from rates we think pretty quickly. If you look our investment portfolio, it tend to be a shorter duration. It was 3.6 as of the end of the fourth quarter and that would allow us to benefit from increasing rates fairly quickly.
Don Kimble: As far as the other, you are right that we did have about $4 billion linked-quarter improvement coming from some of the gains as you referenced and the mortgage servicing fee income did benefit this quarter a little bit from some specialty servicing fees, and those may be a little more episodic as far as their occurrence and so you might see a little fluctuation there, but those types of changes were considered as part of our overall guidance for the growth year-over-year.
Don Kimble: In the fourth quarter of '12, we really benefited from a very strong commercial real estate market, both in the volume and also rates on some of the sales that we had, so that's some of the drag that you referenced compared to the fourth quarter of '12. As far as other unusual items in the Corporate Bank for the fourth quarter, there really weren't other items of any size, and so that $4 million change that we talked about before really was the largest individual change within those categories.
Don Kimble: Sure. The fourth quarter rate did reflect the impact of the leverage lease transaction that was referenced as well. What we've provided for our guidance for 2014 will be an effective rate of somewhere between 26% and 28% and that assumes no further leverage lease transactions.
Beth Mooney: I'll start with that answer and then I'll let Don add some color. As we go into 2014, I think everybody is continuing to see [inaudible] effective pressure in [loan] [ph] interest rate. As we look at it, we look to the growth in our balance sheet that we have seen in loan and deposits, we got some of the businesses where you have seen us invest in cards, mortgage servicing, so our goal is to clearly talk about positive operating leverage where our revenues will exceed our expense growth. And embedded in that is continued expense discipline and opportunities for further reductions and the opportunity to pace our investments, make sure that we are pairing them indeed with the revenue that we expect. It supports our strategy. I think the company definitely has the right focus, and I believe you will see progress within the range in 2014. With that, I let Don add his comments.
Beth Mooney: Yes. Ryan, I would just tell you that, clearly, our guidance is reflective of the momentum of our view of interest rates, our view of the economy as we go into 2014, but I think as you will see or kind of across the board as you look at the conference calls, banks as well as just the general tone in the market, 2014 is the year that is beginning with more economic strength and optimism than we have seen in past years, so the tone, the market performance of last year, the fact that there was the beginning of tapering in December, but we have a budget deal, we have always talked about our clients as being cautious or cautiously optimistic, but we have also said that our commercial, middle market and corporate clients are well-positioned. They are profitable, they have good balance sheet, and they are carrying high liquidity. We saw signs last year of consumer showing recovery, particularly as housing prices began to firm up, so could this play out to be an opportunity in 2014, I think is a big question that we will all be watching as the year goes on. If these things do indeed translate into greater confidence and business and consumers, will we see increased activity from what we are projecting. I would tell you that it is too soon to see if that would cause any changes. I think our guidance is solid. I think it reflects what we [inaudible] we can deliver, but I will also tell you that our business model is well-positioned should the economy improve, demand increase as the year unfolds, we feel very good about how we have positioned ourselves in the market.
Beth Mooney: Josh, I'll paint some color on our capital priorities and then I'll let Don add some of his thoughts. I think we have been pretty clear all along on our capital priorities and been consistent that - that to have a strong capital base that supports our ability to invest and grow our company organically that we are committed to our dividend, we are committed to share repurchase, and with that strong capital we feel like we have a competitive advantage to opportunistically grow our company, but that does indeed create future opportunities for us to continue to invest and grow. In terms of, as you said, there will some capital ratios left. We continue to participate obviously in the annual CCAR process, we believe we are well positioned as a company, strong foundation which to go into the CCAR process and are looking to build a very consistent track record with our shareholders for how we manage, invest and deploy our capital. At this point, I'll let Don talk about relative level of capital, but I think it's premature to indicate a capital level, because of our final investment.
Beth Mooney: All right, Mike, there were many parts to that question. If I could, I will address the target and then I do think we have some very specific questions on certain slides and certain numbers that I am going to ask Don to fill in, and I would reiterate that 60% to 65% is not the end of where we see the path for Key as we've become a more efficient company and as we looked at 2014, we are reaffirming 60% to 65% as the range for 2014. That's driven by a couple of factors. I alluded to one of them earlier, which is the continued low interest rate environment, the pressure everyone is seeing on their net interest income as a result. Strong balance sheet growth isn't necessarily translating into top line revenue growth in this particular environment, so I think our goal this year and what you should watch and what was accountable to is our ability to move within the range both, by every single day our ability as we talk about positive operating leverage is to grow our businesses, to grow our revenue, to become more efficient, continue our journey of reducing our cost base, but at the same time as you've heard us talk about some of the investments we have made are bearing fruit, specifically in the commercial mortgage servicing business, in our cards and our payments, so we are going to continue to invest, because we believe it is benefitting our business mix, the vitality of our company and fits within our profile from a risk point of view, so 60% to 65% is not an end but it is the right rage for 2014, and as I said earlier our goal is to move within that range during the year. Then I think you had some more detailed questions that I am going to turn over to Don.
Beth Mooney: One area, Mike, that we have invested in and that I have talked about recently at one of our conferences is Lean Six Sigma. I think, our end-to-end processes in this company are right opportunities to improve not only the efficiency of the process, but the ultimate end client experience and we have a list of those that we have prioritized as a team where we are really going to look at some of our underlying processes, because I think there will be opportunities and targets would be put around that that we are expecting from that group. That is something that many other companies may have already done, but that's the journey where I think this is the year where we are really well organized to do that work. There continue to be opportunities within vendors and sourcing as well, so as you look at the underlying infrastructure, what cost deliver at Key, there are still continuing opportunities.
Beth Mooney: Steve, I would just underscore, because Don mentioned it that it is indeed a focus of our management team that productivity is an opportunity as well and it's something concerning metrics and we will be reviewing regularly with our team to capture opportunities for more productive sales force, as well as adding to our sales force with high quality people who can help generate business.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Nancy. I'd be glad to talk about that, because I do think it is a question that does come up from time-to-time, and I would tell you it is, my belief, and I think it's something we have evaluated pretty thoroughly. It is not a structural cost related to our footprint, particularly in era of image enabled technology, digital. There is no particular cost burden to our geographic footprint that I think is burdensome to the company I think as we look at it, I think it is a matter of a couple of things. When you look at kind of our expense ratios and then our revenue for FTE a piece of it is embedded in the productivity and the revenue side of this company, so you've heard us I think continued and purposely talk about this as positive operating leverage as an efficiency ratio initiative. I think we should get more productivity out of our franchise. I think we have benefited from our geographic dispersion with our particular business model, because it plays into our vertical; it plays into our ability to be a strong middle-market lender, a private banking presence. We were talking many times what we are in a market is so much more than just whatever our branch density is, so I do think it is a journey for Key that does every single day have us thinking about what can we do to enhance revenue, add to our capabilities, add to our sales professionals, add to our productivity, and constantly reduce our expenses, and I think the broader structural opportunity is the one I mentioned, which is in some of our processes that we've really never gone on an end-to-end look. And I think that is a bigger opportunity for us this year and something I'm really going to focus on.
Beth Mooney: I would tell you that for a lot of reasons the acquisition market has not been simply robust for the last couple of years. As you have seen more has happened and we have participated in one of those in terms of acquisition of branches as opposed to whole franchises. We did the Western New York transaction from HSBC in 2012, and I will tell you, that has gone very well for us. I think I think as we look at it, and look at where we would invest opportunistically, I think we would always look at something that could complement a market where we already have presence and by building density or brining in the right customer base that that would be additive. I think we are looking at how can we use investments in technology, mobile and digital to augment our franchise. I view that as something where we have a unique opportunity, I think, to leverage that against our footprint, because I think that's going to broaden our ability to create a consumer and client experience. Then frankly, we have shown where we will look at specialty businesses that are very much on point and within strategies that yet add to our business platform or our product platform, so that's how I'm thinking as. Acquisitions, I look at them more broadly in terms of what can they do for our business models to grow revenue and increase our capability.
Beth Mooney: All right. Thank you, operator, and we thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Dillon at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a great day.
Chris Gorman: Ryan, let me start. This is Chris Gorman. Let me start with the CRE question. Then, Beth, I'll ask you then to come back on our view on macro perspective. As it relates to CRE, Ryan, we do think we can continue to grow that portfolio. Our real estate business is an interesting one in that only about 15% of the capital we raised that we put on our balance sheet. Having said that, as we look at our jumping off point for '14, we had a lot of growth in the fourth quarter in CRE, so we have a very good jumping off point and the business has a fair amount of momentum. With that I would caveat it. We are watching certain multi-family markets very, very carefully and we are tightening our screens. Having said that, we believe we can continue to grow our CRE business and the pipeline looks strong. As it relates to kind of our macro view…
Chris Gorman: Craig, this is Chris. What we are seeing from a competitive landscape is, really not a big change. Compete really in all the segments between on balance sheet, CMBS, Fannie and Freddie, FHA with the institutional market which is primarily insurance companies, so we don't see a huge change in the competitive landscape. What we do see, and I think I alluded to it earlier is, we see some markets where there has been a lot of buildings, specifically in multi-family, specifically in certain markets. Having said that, there are plenty of opportunities outside of those markets and even in those markets we see opportunities with our really great customers and people that we require them to put in more equity, so we feel good about the real estate market but probably the bright spot has been multifamily. As you look at the cap rates, it manifest itself in that. Multi-family cap rates right now are somewhere between 5.5 and 7.5 and they didn't really change after the tenure went up 110 basis points. As it relates to our third-party commercial loan servicing business, we continue to have a lot of momentum in that business. The CMBS market this year was about an $80 billion market, up from around $60 billion, but what's really interesting for that business is we are now at a point where a lot of the CMBS that we service are maturing and so that gives us an opportunity to garner more servicing. It also gives us a unique opportunity to look into those and see what pieces and parts we might want to finance. Then the last piece, and that actually impacted us positively in the fourth quarter, is the special servicing business that we have really grown and then picked up in two additional pieces. We are named special servicer now on about 50 billion, up from kind of mid-teens just a couple of years ago and that's a countercyclical business. You are basically the workout agent and by definition you are not a lender into that deal. That's an area that really hasn't kicked in yet, but when the market gets softer, as it inevitably will, there will be an opportunity for us.
Chris Gorman: As you look at the refinancing cliff, I would say that there will be some in '14, but it should accelerate in '15.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Steve. It's Chris Gorman here. Our biggest key driver is to continue to be able to take our unique business model that connects with these middle market customers and convert them into customers, so if you look last year, we literally brought on hundreds of new customers, we enhanced hundreds more. We have this broad product offering. As you look at our ability to bring new people on to our platform, we had a lot of success in doing that, so really as we think about revenue, we don't necessarily think about any particular product; loans, deposits, fees, we have been fortunate enough to grow all those. What we really focused on is in a very targeted way growing the clients that we have. Empirically, last year we brought on 648 new clients, we also brought on some new senior bankers. We've talked about the fact we are going to continue to go out and hire people and leverage the platform, so that is what we see is our biggest driver of revenue in the past year and frankly going forward as we looked to '14.
Chris Gorman: Jennifer, we're constantly screening these markets. I think some of the markets that we really, have our eye on are markets like Washington D.C. like Raleigh, like Denver, like Seattle. Those are some of the markets we are watching cautiously.
Bill Koehler: Josh, this is Bill Koehler here. It is the same process we used for the 81 others. We take a look at individual branch productivity as well as we call it branch of share, which is looking at the broader impact of the way all our clients, middle-market clients, business banking clients and consumers engage in that branch and the revenue that is derived from it. As we look at the footprint and the productivity of the branches we have, we do see opportunities as we move forward to continue to optimize our branch network. We do think we are at a position where we can optimize our network in what would be a more normal pace that you would typically see from any retail company and part of it is dependent on the pace at which we can generate more revenue from the investments in our digital channels. We feel good about some of the progress we are making there, but there is more work to be done.
Bill Koehler: This is Bill Koehler. In the Community Bank, in particular, as it relates to the consumer, I think most people would say the consumer is getting steadily stronger and we have seen that materialize in our home equity book and we have also seen some growth in our credit card portfolio from the levels when we originally bought it. We think there's more opportunity there. As the consumer gets stronger, you can envision more investment. Revenue you can certainly envision more net interest income from improving our consumer loan book, so there are plenty of opportunities there as we go forward too.
Bill Koehler: This is Bill again. I would say two things. It's not just productivity, but we see an opportunity to leverage our model to take share in both, the Corporate Bank and the Community Bank. We intend to hire some bankers in very targeted ways where we see opportunity to enhance our presence in either industry groups or any specific geography.
