Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Scott. And I think this will be a topic worth spending a little time on. So first, let me just remind you that the 212 NIM would have been 285 without the swaps and treasuries, which were about $340 million in the quarter, just to give you kind of a level set. If we go back to recent -- the most recent guidance, we would have guided you to the second quarter being at or near the bottom. So to your point, Scott, it's a little bit of a continued decline. What I'd say is the fundamentals of our business are very consistent with that comment. What's changed is the rate expectation in the back half of the year. So at that time, we were expecting two cuts in the fourth quarter. As I stated in the prepared remarks, we're now going to see kind of a one hike and it flat through the end of the year. And I think the implication of that is the betas will drift a little higher through the back half of the year, and the swaps and the treasuries will be a little bit bigger drag than we previously expected. That said, we do think that both of those factors are moderating. So we're seeing deposit balances stabilize, and we're seeing the slope of that beta increase flatten. And we're continuing to see swaps mature and the treasury portfolio will begin to mature now in the third quarter. So we'll see opportunity as those two books come off. So what we're seeing then is that flattening of the NII and NIM trajectory as we go into fourth quarter, and we wanted to reflect that by providing guidance for each individual quarter. As we go beyond that into 2024, I think we'll start to see a pickup. Slide 9 isolates the swap and treasury portfolio, so consistent with what we did last quarter. As I stated a few minutes ago, $340 million drag in Q2 or 73 basis points. And the way I'd think about it just in its simplest terms is $9 million US treasuries that start maturing in this quarter, with basically an average yield, think, of 45 basis points and $10.3 billion of swaps between now and the end of 2024, with a received fixed rate between 40 and 50 basis points. So put those together, you're looking at close to $20 billion with an almost 5% yield pickup by the end of 2024, and that's what gets you to the $90 million or 220 per quarter -- 230, sorry, per quarter that we have on slide 9 in the deck as of Q1 2025. So again, in that case, we're trying to isolate just the treasuries and swaps and provide as much transparency as we can there on these specific headwinds. What I would say that doesn't include is the relative betas or funding costs that go with that. But I just want to touch on that because, again, I think it's important to understand. If you look at the $720 million, which is equivalent to the $900 million that we quote this quarter, that was consistent with a different rate environment, where rates were coming down at the end of the quarter or the end of the year and we would have had a muted -- slightly muted impact on the NII pickup. As I just said, rates, we think, are going to be higher now. The betas will be higher. But commensurately, the pickup in those swaps and treasuries has gone from $720 million to $900 million. So those are going to move in sync. Slide 9 is intended to be, again, isolated to the treasuries and swaps just to make sure we're giving you as much disclosure on those as we can.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So I think largely, we're going to look to continue to distribute. I mean we do have capabilities now, where we distribute a lot of debt. We're going to expand that more consistently, I think, to the consumer side. The point I think on Laurel Road that Chris made that I just want to reiterate is we never acquired it to be a student loan only generator, that was kind of the headline. It was intended to be a full-service banking platform, and we continue to build toward that, and we think it's got some really unique. And differentiated capability around this income-driven repayment and public service loan forgiveness, and you may have seen some commentary out of the government in the past week around the IDR specifically and some of the complexities of that, which I think will accrue to our benefit over time. .
Clark Khayat: Yeah. I think that's the right idea. I think we're also demonstrating more deposit growing capability there. And again, we're still relatively new in having those capabilities. But I think that's the right way to think about it. So, more of a fee advice and core banking generator than a loan shot.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. So I think, I mean, the rate available when the treasuries and swaps mature is sort of the single biggest factor, and that would be -- would have been reflected in the $720 million moving to $900 million. So -- and again, that's isolating kind of the income portion of that. I do think there's a couple of variables. So think about the treasuries, whether or not we reinvest them in the market, use them as replacement funding or hold them in cash. Today, those are relatively neutral. Over time, if there's a disparity between those three, you might see a little bit of pickup or drop depending on which decision we make. But today, it's kind of a push across all three of those. And then your other point was right, which is the funding side of this. So I tried to reflect that as well in my comments of lower beta expectations at the end of Q1, when we showed you a $720 million opportunity, higher beta expectations here today, but that opportunity has gone up kind of in a related way. So, I don't know and I don't want to pretend those are kind of one-to-one tide, but I would think about those moving at least in a fairly correlated direction.
Clark Khayat: I think if there was something more significant than what Chris referred to, which is maybe a very active management of the business, that would be incremental. But I think what we've built into this guidance is how we're running the business right now.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, I think that we do have that, and you would have seen us do a little bit of that even here in the second quarter. So, I think your follow-on question around TLAC or long-term debt is the right one as well. And we'll wait, as Chris just mentioned, for the proposed and final rules. But we do think that reduction in loan to deposit over time gives us an opportunity to reduced reliance on wholesale funding.
Clark Khayat: So I mean what I -- where I'd start there, Mike, is that if you look at the composition of our loan book in general, it is, in our view, higher credit quality, but higher credit quality comes generally with lower yields. So we have over 50% of our C&I book is investment grade, we have super-prime consumer books. So those are not going to carry the same rates broadly is something like credit card, which we have very little exposure to or personal consumer loans, which we have very little exposure to. So in that regard, we're starting probably structurally a little bit lower NII, but the counter to that is what we think is a higher credit quality book. So I'll have to go back through the specific math you have there, but -- and I'm happy to do that and talk about it offline. But I think that's at least a starting point. But we think, over time, NIM that starts with a 3 is not an unreasonable place for us to be.
Clark Khayat: Well, I think, it's -- I mean, the obvious one right there is the 73 basis points that comes from swaps and treasuries. So that's what we're talking about. And betas, I think, getting -- or general rates and betas getting kind of more in line with historical averages, or overall funding costs. So as we just talked about, we have some opportunity to reduce some wholesale funding, which is obviously expensive, and we're still yet to see pull-through on loan spreads. So I think there's a variety of factors that could improve that, many of which we are either not experienced at the moment or haven't seen kind of broadly in the industry.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, whatever that ultimate target is, Erika, will reflect the appropriate rules. So if the AOCI of that is eliminated, then yes, I think you stated that correctly. So, 630 that level for AOCI AFS is about 630.
Clark Khayat: Yeah. It's a great question. I think -- and it probably requires a longer answer. But short story, Steve, I think you just have to be probably considering a variety of additional scenarios and being a little bit more dynamic in the direction and pace of rate movements. So I think if rates had moved in an orderly fashion, this would be much less of an issue. They did not, as you know, and I think we just have to be more dynamic in our thinking about putting on certain positions.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, the headline there is I am confident. But as a Board member, we spend a lot of time talking about strategy and talking about dividend policy. We manage the company for the long-term. And the dividend policy is no exception. Our capital priorities, as I just mentioned, are unchanged, is to support our clients, our prospects and to pay dividends. And to your point, last week, our Board did approve a $0.205 third quarter dividend. Keep in mind, over our history, we have paid out 80% very, very often. It's just been in the form of both buybacks and a cash dividend. So we're obviously paying close attention to that. I feel good about it. Let me talk a little bit about capital because it's so related. This -- in spite of some of the challenges Clark mentioned, this quarter, we grew capital. We paid a $0.205 dividend, and we built reserves. And so as we think about taking this long-term perspective, when you look at our normalized earnings power of our company, and that is the reversal of the NII headwind into a tailwind and also having a reasonable expectation around investment banking fees, the earnings power of the company is strong. We can build capital there. Clark mentioned the AOCI burn down, 44% by 12/31 2024, 55% by 12/31 2025. And then, as I just mentioned, this game plan that we have around risk-weighted assets will be important. And then the last thing that I think is really important -- and it's going to be important, I think, as the cycle continues to play out is we have a well-positioned credit book. And there's nothing that destroys capital faster and bigger hunks than having a bunch of credit losses. And so I put all those things together, we take a long-term perspective on the dividend. We feel good about it.
Chris Gorman: Well, first of all, thank you for your question, Ken. It's complicated by the fact that, as usual, mix has a lot to do with it. So we actually distributed a lot of debt in the second quarter. The reality is a lot of it was investment grade. So in terms of investment banking fees, not so great. In terms of keeping the velocity of our balance sheet, very, very important. But the premise of your question, as we look to shrink our balance sheet, the ability to distribute paper to a lot of different places will be -- will, in fact, be important. And so that will be an important part of the mix. In terms of what I'm seeing, here's kind of what I'm saying. One, our M&A backlog year-over-year is up. Our total backlog is down, but down kind of mid-single digits which is really not a big deal. What I'm most encouraged by is not that I'm seeing things coming out of the pipeline. Obviously, in the equity market, we're starting to see that. You're seeing that for sure. But what I'm really pleased with is I talk to our clients all the time -- in fact, as recently as yesterday, I talked to one of our large clients who is proceeding with a transaction that's been sort of percolating for some time as people kind of go through the price discovery. So it's really more a gut feel on my part having been around this business just for so long.
Chris Gorman: Sure. I'll start, and then I'm going to flip it over to Clark. But it's a great question and it's one, as we sort of have gone through our reset, we've spent a lot of time talking about these capabilities that we need to make sure we have. Before we bought Laurel Road, they securitized and distributed 100% of their loans. Going forward, we're going to be securitizing and distributing their loans. We have the people and we have the ability to do it. So it's a really good question. While I'm on the point of Laurel Road, the other thing we've done on Laurel Road is we really made two pivots in what's been going on with the federal student loan payment holiday. One, we turned it into a complete digital platform, whereby we can have loans, deposits, importantly, checking account, card, mortgage, et cetera. The other thing that we did is when we bought GradFin, and we're in the early days of this, Ken, but GradFin is a market leader in advising people around not only public service loan forgiveness, but the whole income-based debt repayment which the government is really opening up the aperture for. It's falsely complex and you need someone to sort of help you through it, which is a good thing. But that's another pivot that we've made there. But getting back to your question about sort of our asset-light model. Clark, why don't you talk about -- speak to that, particularly around mortgage as well.
Chris Gorman: So, Matt, we think 9% to 9.5% is the right number for us given our business mix. If you think about 50% of our C&I book being investment grade, if you think about the fact that we don't have really any credit card business to speak of, if you think about the fact that a funding -- we have FICO scores in our consumer business of 760 or so, we think it's the right number. And obviously, at 9.2% and having grown it from 9.1% this quarter, we're right in the strike zone. Having said all of that, we, like everybody else, will wait and digest anything that comes out in the not-too-distant future and reevaluate it at that point. But for our business, right now, we feel that's the right number.
Chris Gorman: We're looking at a lot of different things. But right now, I'm most comfortable just directing you to the guidance that we gave around loans. But as I mentioned, we're looking at other things as well. I'll leave it at that.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, just from a CECL perspective, obviously, it's very forward-looking. In terms of what percentage is model-driven, what percent is kind of portfolio driven, I think you can assume it's kind of sort of half and half. And my assumption is that -- just to step back for a second. My assumption is that we will have -- I think the Fed is going to successfully engineer a soft landing. I think it will probably happen in 2024. Having said that, what I don't think is yet in the market is the impact of and also the impact of banks tightening down on credit. And I think both of those will have an impact on the economy. And as such, we're pretty conservative in terms of how we look at things. And so the first thing we always do is look at anything that is leveraged and anything where the cash flows could be in any way impacted by a slowing economy. So that's kind of the lens that we looked at it. There is nothing specific. There's nothing that we're particularly worried about. We kind of looked across all the portfolios.
Chris Gorman: Mike, I was just -- I mentioned this earlier in the conversation. It is based on my experience being around this business as long as I have. People will defer transactions for so long, but eventually sort of the logjam starts to break. I think we're starting to see it a little bit in the new issue equity business. And I've just been out talking to clients. And I think people that have put deals on hold now for 12 months, either these deals are going to start to happen, or they're going to move on and do something else. So, it's based on, one, just looking and scrutinizing the backlog. And then secondly, just more instinctive, as I'm out talking to people.
Chris Gorman: Well, first of all, I appreciate the question. I agree with the premise of it. Our business -- the challenging thing for us, and we just -- I was with my Board last week and we were talking at length about this, our challenge is our business is performing well. We clearly are under-earning, and we're under-earning based on how we have our balance sheet position. And that's why I mentioned one of the things that gives me confidence, Erika, is when we get the normalized earnings power of the company, we just talked about investment banking fees, that's driven by something else. But what we really need is the position that we have, which is liability sensitive at a time when you wouldn't want to be liability sensitive, we need for that to burn off. And the passage of time will do a lot on that. Unfortunately, it is the passage of time. But as I mentioned, the burn down between now and 12/31/2024, and 55%, this is as it relates to AOCI by 12/31/2025. So, that is the issue. And I think we are -- said differently, we are under-earning right now and we will be over-earning as the position unwinds and rolls down.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. It's a great business – it's a great business because it generates a bunch of deposits through escrows, which are more important today than they ever have been in my career. It's also important because it's countercyclical. So for those of you that aren't as familiar with the business, we are the named special servicer when a large complex debt financing is put together. And so when you're the named special servicer, you get sort of what I would think of as sort of a ticking fee. And then if, in fact, it goes into default, and this is all off us real estate, we are the workout agent. And to Gerard's point, we just set for the second quarter in a row a record in terms of special servicing fees. And so I think that will continue. And this won't surprise you, Gerard, but more than two-thirds of what is in active special servicing is office. And I think that's going to continue. And I think office is going to be -- it's not going to be a challenge for Key because it's not an asset class we focus on. But I think office is going to continue to be a significant challenge.
Chris Gorman: Yes, it's -- these are very large -- think of kind of very large advisory fees that take a lot of people. These are very complex capital structures. It's not unusual for these fees on a single deal to be $5 million, $6 million, $7 million.
Chris Gorman: Yes. Well, this is an area where we spend a lot of time. We are -- as it relates to the C&I book, particularly focused on anything that has floating rate debt that's leveraged. And so for us, our leverage book literally is the same than it was a decade ago. It's under 2% of our loans and it's focused on our industry verticals. But we are -- there's a lot of us -- Mark Midkiff is in the room with me, who is our Chief Risk Officer, he and I and others are laying eyes on this. We feel really good about where the portfolio is. But any time you go into an environment where you have declining EBITDA and a business with a lot of leverage and the cost of capital going up, you got to pay close attention. And that's where we pay very close attention. We feel good about -- we feel really good about all of our portfolios, but that's where I spend sort of my time because that's what's most vulnerable.
Chris Gorman: I wouldn't say, it's not open at all. The reason I would put that caveat is, I've yet to see the new capital rules. But what I'm saying is, I'm very comfortable with our dividend payout and the trajectory of our business under the current construct.
Chris Gorman: There's other areas where we have cushion, but I mean, investment banking fees are a big component of that. And we need to have more trajectory in the back half of the year on investment banking fees than we did in the front half of the year in order to hit these numbers.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you so much, operator. Thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct it to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you, everybody. Have a good afternoon or good morning.
