Don Kimble: Great. And like you said, there are number of moving parts. One, we did highlight the first quarter; we do expect to see a pick-up in expenses, reflecting the $30 million of higher benefit cost. Now, that would be offset slightly by the impact that we expect investment banking to have placement fees be lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, which tends to be high point. But, those two items will impact the first quarter. Or as our continuous improvement, our efficiency improvements we’re making, we should see some small amounts come through in the first quarter, start to build in the second quarter, and really for the second half of next year majority of those $200 million in run rate should be reflected in our expense levels. And so, we would expect to see the improvements come through there. Laurel Road, we talked about having an acquisition in mid-year of ‘19, and that really is what drives that roughly $50 million in expenses. And so, you would see that in the second half of the year. So, that would minimize some the bottom line reduction as far as expenses that we will be achieving on expense savings, but still would -- in my mind show probably the low point in expenses being in third quarter and fourth quarter being up a little bit just to reflect the seasonality we typically see in our capital markets related revenues really typically be stronger. But, again, I think those all combined still get us to that 54% to 56% efficiency ratio range in the second half of the year. 
Don Kimble: We would say that our margin outlook for ‘19 would be relatively stable with what we're seeing for ‘18. And I think ‘18, we're at 3.17 for the full year and 3.16 for the fourth quarter. And so, they're both pretty tight already. But, we do think that there could be a little bit of improvement in the overall liquidity positions. But, right now, our guidance would suggest the deposit growth with about equal loan growth. And so, we don't see a significant change in the overall liquidity position. And we're not also including any assumed rate increases for ‘19. And so, we wouldn't see a lot of lift from that either.
Don Kimble: I think if you're looking at average balances, Peter, that you would see a growth in commercial real estate. And what you would have seen is some of the building of the portfolio in the third quarter going into the fourth quarter for some of the loan sales we typically have. And we talked about for the quarter we sold about $5 billion worth of commercial real estate balances. And on slide 21 -- or page 21 of the earnings press release, you can see that for the quarter, our total loan sales were $5.5 billion. And that's quite a statement, given the challenge in the markets and what we're able to accomplish for our customers. And so, it was more of a timing issue for that commercial real estate balance. But, we continue to see some growth in consumer categories, mainly the indirect auto. And our expectation is as we integrate with Laurel Road, we'll start to see some other components of loan growth there as well and later ‘19 also.
Don Kimble: Good question. And I would say that we are very-focused on having our balance sheet core funded. And we're doing that through growth in our deposits with our existing customers. And so, we're not out there trying to get wholesale deposits that -- and more of a digital channel base. So, we're growing those with our existing customers and adding to those relationships, deepening those relationships on the deposit side. And we continue to do that. And our outlook, as I mentioned, would suggest that loan growth and deposit growth are about equal for next year, and we like it that way. Now, my preference longer term is to have a little bit higher loan-to-deposit ratio and have less liquidity on the balance sheet to put near term. We're not seeing that in our outlook.
Don Kimble: It’s for the -- the full-year impact of ‘19. If you look at Laurel Road for an entire year, it would be north of that $50 million number.
Don Kimble: Well, what we said is that we expect Laurel Road to be about $0.02 dilutive. And so for that $50 million and revenue -- or excuse me, expenses, it would imply about a $20 million revenue number for the year. And the reason for that gap is we're converting it from a sale model or loan sale model to retain type of model.
Don Kimble: And we're just not seeing early indicators that would suggest that’s going to change anytime soon. So, I'd be reluctant to put a timeline out there.
Don Kimble: Put things in perspective there a little bit that Laurel Road originated about $1.2 billion in total loans this past year. And I would say that the credit quality and the nature of those loans, and more importantly the nature of those relationships we think are consistent with our targeted customer base and we’re very excited about that. And it goes beyond just the student loans as well that they've already implemented a mortgage lending capability and they've looked at other products that could add to that offering as well. And so, it really is more of a relationship strategy for us than just the student loan origination. So, we do believe that we’ll continue to have the opportunity to put those on balance sheet and we'll see that annuity continue to build as that portfolio continues to mature and develop over the next couple of years.
Don Kimble: I think that's an option for us. And I would say that where we see a good quality relationship, we’ll probably retain it. But one of the things we talk about is their ability to originate mortgage loans. And if it's a conforming mortgage loan that we will probably sell that in the secondary market, like we do with our existing portfolio. So, I think that's more of our approach going forward.
Don Kimble: I would say, generally, they're a little stronger than some of our consumer loan yields today. And I think it provides a nice upside for us.
Don Kimble: I would say that the primary driver there is an outlook for a lower tax credits from some of the business models we've deployed in the past. And so, it's just a slower rate of that. And also with the higher level of earnings, the incremental earnings growth is really taxed at the marginal rate, and that helps drive that tax rate up as well.
Don Kimble: There clearly is that effort, Matt, looking -- and we'll go back and look at the math on that. But my math would have shown that even on the high end, we've been down about 1%, and at the low-end, we would be down about 3%. So, we think that's right in the ZIP code of what we talked at Investor Day. But, I can confirm that, Matt.
Don Kimble: I would say the primary driver of movement within that range is tied to the revenue growth, and what we're seeing from movement in the markets and also from our core business model. So, what we’ve talked about in the past is that we can adjust that expense based on what we're seeing as far as the economic outlook and what we see as the revenue growth. And part of that expense base does assume a reinvestment back in the business. And that's one of the levers that we can pull is to slow that investment if we don't see the kind of upside from -- vantage from those investments.
Don Kimble: The assumption there is we would continue to see some slight reductions in those balances throughout the next year. And that's primarily in the commercial side where we continue to see those customers migrating more of their deposit mix over to the interest-bearing as opposed to non-interest bearing. I think this year, we saw 1% to 2% kind of decline. And I would say, it’s something along those lines and probably consistent with our outlook for next year.
Don Kimble: This is operating guidance that we wouldn't expect those efficiencies charges to be significant for next year. We would probably see something continue about the same level of the notable items we have this quarter throughout the first half of next year.
Don Kimble: You must have been talking to some of our line managers, try to push back on some of the targets. But, I would say that generally many of these savings are really taking a look at how we can make our existing processes and workflows more efficient, and going from this customer back office and seeing how we can either use technology to help achieve those or just process redesign. And this $200 million will pull out a chunk of those but we still believe there is still ammunition left to use for that. The other thing is that even though this $200 million does include some acceleration as far as from the branch consolidations, just because of the changes in our consumer behaviors that we still think that they'll be on -- continue to provide some efficiencies from right-sizing that branch distribution as well.
Don Kimble: We can manage those, so we can continue to generate nice positive operating leverage in the future. You're right.
Don Kimble: I would say that as far as our outlook, one thing that consensus would not have reflected was Laurel Road. And we talked about there’d be a slight dilution from that of $0.02 a share. And our expense guidance, again, the range is more tied to what we would see from a revenue perspective. And so, if revenues are up, we would expect to probably at the higher end of the range, given some the cost to support that.
Don Kimble: We could see some very modest pressure on that line item for first quarter, but generally in line with what were shown in the fourth quarter levels.
Don Kimble: Take $3.975 billion for the full year and backup the one-time charges, and then add to that $50 million for Laurel Road, it’s $3.925 billion. I'd say that the midpoint of our range would be about 2% below that. So, I think that we are showing reductions in the non-interest expense. And as we highlighted at the Investor Day that that one -- the low-single-digit decline also reflected the benefits of the FDIC special assessment reduction.
Don Kimble: What we've said, I think just was the assumption that we acquired at midyear that we'd only have a half year’s worth of production next year and we would expect it to be accretive in 2020 and beyond. So, it's a fairly short window, as far as the dilution impact to the acquisition.
Don Kimble: Part of the $50 million in expenses that we're assuming as far as the increase is really continuing to have Laurel Road maintain the same kind of pace of investment they've been making from the digital platform. And we'll continue to include that in our assumptions going forward.
Don Kimble: We would say that for the second half of the year that we shouldn't have a lot of notable items. So, our expectation is that they should be one and the same for the second half the year as far as the efficiency ratio.
Don Kimble: We've even expanded it into business banking. So, as we think about digital, as we think about digital origination, as we think about wellness, we've taken the technology and the capabilities and expanded that in obviously into our business banking arena as well.
Chris Gorman: John, it's Chris. We actually did not get the benefit of that impact. As we look across our book, our clients are doing very well. Some of our clients actually at the end of the year paid down part of their loans. And as Don mentioned, we had a really, really strong quarter as we moved $5.5 billion of financings off our balance sheet. So, we did not see a pickup in loan balances, based on what was going on in the capital markets.
Chris Gorman: This is Chris Gorman speaking. So, that's a line that we're really proud of fact that we've been able to consistently grow over the last decade. Obviously, it's market-dependent. As we see the markets right now and as the markets are currently functioning, we believe we will continue to grow that business in 2019 as well. That's a business that we grew -- we grew that top-line this year 8% in a down market. If you go back to 2015, we've grown that line 46%. So, it's a business that is based on client relationships; it's based on serving clients; it's based on serving many of the same clients many times. So, we feel good about where we're positioned with respect to our investment banking and debt placement line. The interesting thing, if the markets seize up a bit, that's when it could get more interesting for us in terms of opportunities to put things on the balance sheet and serve our clients.
Chris Gorman: David, there really haven't been. I mean, when we are out talking to our clients and our prospects, we're constantly figuring out what is the optimal approach for them to take. And those discussions really haven't changed markedly in the last several months. Obviously, there were periods of time in December where markets were dislocated and people were putting off deals. But, the strategic discussions that we're having with our clients are ongoing and they're constructive.
Chris Gorman: This is Chris. Last year, we took out 38 branches, I think this year 2009, (sic) [2019] you can expect us to really ramp up in that regard. We feel like we're pretty good at it. As we went through First Niagara, we rationalized the fleet. We think with the technology, with the digital capabilities that we have, we have the capability to keep our clients and thin out some of the branches. And you'll see us actually step that up this year over last year.
Mark Midkiff: I only would add that we're obviously at a very low level, and continue to be at a low level as we kind of move into ‘19.
Mark Midkiff: I would offer -- this is Mark Midkiff. I would just offer that we do think that what we've seen at the underwriting is very sound and very complementary but obviously will be under our lens and our buy box. And I think that will be very focused around relationship where we get just better overall credit performance than when you're working at a transactional level. So, that will be an enhancement. And of course, we've looked at this on a stress basis and feel very comfortable overall relative to our risk appetite as well. It’s just kind of a normal ongoing outlook for losses in that business.
Mark Midkiff: As Don mentioned in his comments, we only put about 16% of the capital we raised last year on our balance sheet.
Mark Midkiff: Yes. And it’s -- I would only add consisted -- in terms of fundings, it hasn't moved around a lot. We haven't changed market. It is relationship-based, as Chris said. And then, as Beth said, recycle capital, but also very consistent in terms of leverage turns, debt-to-EBITDA, leverage has been very consistent and stable for a long time.
Beth Mooney: And Steve, we talk about it and have talked about it publicly, as journey of continuous improvement. And as you think about how we’re aligned, how we go to market, technology, digitization of the enterprise, process improvement, all these are things that will be continually part of our focus. This is not a one and done.
Beth Mooney: Erika, obviously, we are in the early days of starting to look at CCAR 2019. And we have always been talking over the last couple of years of supporting dividend growth, and this year we were approaching that 40% dividend target payout ratio. But, we will definitely look at the mix and make sure that whatever we choose for this year's capital return that we are really optimizing our use of capital for our shareholders and that would be a consideration.
Beth Mooney: And I would just add that part of what I have always felt is a strength of our platform and some piece of how we look at our outlook against investment banking and debt placement fees. While market sensitive fees obviously is the breadth and depth of our platform, again, we have a broad range of capabilities and we are not dependent on a certain area of the markets. And given that it’s relationship based, midmarket, we do have the option to balance sheet but we also can do a variety of things across advisory fees for M&A. We do loan syndication, debt placements, equity raises, sponsors, we do -- in our commercial mortgage business we have such a breadth in that platform that we really do have confidence that can generally produce those kinds of results.
Beth Mooney: We anticipated that we might have an opportunity to speak more holistically about the strategic fit as well as the strength of this platform and why we found it attractive. So, I have asked Clark Khayat, who is in the room and really spearheaded this transaction for us and spoke to this at our Investor Day. I'm going to ask Clark to share. We are very excited and think this is a highly disruptive not only demographic but relationship based and differentiated platform. And with that I'm going to identify that Clark is in the room and ask him to take that question.
Beth Mooney: And I would just add, it is client based, it’s our capital markets business, we manage it to be a fixed amount. We do not allow it to grow, we recycle capital within that. Mark will talk about some of the credit attributes, but it is therefore eight client relationships where we are leading activities on behalf of our capital markets, and we manage it very rigorously. And it is a very small portfolio relative to our balance sheet.
Beth Mooney: Well, clearly, we are developing our own digital banking capabilities for our own clients. So, this is not where we would gap relative to the offerings that we see of other banks coming into the market who come in a digital only platform. And we would certainly have every product and capability for own clients in addition to a branch network in addition to our brand that we have in our markets. So, we feel well positioned. And we will continue to invest in our digital capabilities, this being Laurel Road as an example of where we do believe it accelerates our platform both from lending as well as the potential for deposit taking, and that we do believe in the near-term we see adequate core funding in our markets to support our strategies. And we compete very well because we certainly have the capabilities; we certainly have the ability to more broadly serve those clients. And so, we do not feel gaped in our capabilities.
Beth Mooney: Kevin, I don't have those numbers off the top of my head. So, I'll apologize for that. But, I do know that we've had very strong adoption and transactionally, as everyone has reported years ago, what happens in a branch versus what happens mobile and digitally those line crossed. And there is no growing back. It is clearly a customer preference to be able to transact their business. And you may recall, several years ago with First Niagara, in advance of that integration, we deployed all new customer portals across every -- from commercial to consumer to our private banking clients to new digital platform that enables that. And it is a very, very robust platform. Additionally, we have our financial wellness, which is a digital-led experience as well that we have consciously made sure interacts with our branch experience. But that platform was a digital -- and you may recall several years ago, we purchased HelloWallet to really help facilitate that. So, we have looked at this as how do we create not only the ability to transact in a mobile and digital world but also how can you have relationship attributes including advice and planning through our HelloWallet. So, it is an area where we are canting and following and making sure we support our customers’ preferences in that regard.
Beth Mooney: At this point in time, we are not seeing the impacts broadly in our markets, but we have done a variety of measures to be able to make sure that we can both reactively and proactively support customers of ours who are impacted directly by the partial government shutdown. And we have targeted programs or special assistance for those who have various types of loans with us. We're aggressively waving fees and have introduced a loan product with a very low rate to help create liquidity for those who may be impacted by a disruption in their income. So, we are making sure that we too are in the banking landscape to be responsible to help support the employees that are impacted by the partial shutdown. But from a loan perspective from disruptions in markets more broadly, we are not yet seeing that.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking your time from your schedule to participate in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a good day.
