Christopher Gorman: So Scott, it's Chris. We have seen a preference to kind of take our clients to where the most advantageous financing is. And one of the areas that I would point you to would be our real estate book. And you'll notice, if you look at the H8 data, we underperform some of our competitors in terms of what we're putting on our balance sheet. But yet we're only putting about 19% or 20% of the capital we raise. So if you think about really attractive nonrecourse, 10-year money, Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies, the CMBS market. That would be an example of where these middle market companies are consistently opting to go to other sources of funding other than the banks.  And obviously, for us, that ties in really well with our business model. So that would be an example. 
Christopher Gorman: No. It certainly is a lot broader than just marketing. And kind of a couple of proof points. Just since we launched Laurel Road for Doctors on March 30, our website traffic, Ken, is up 100%. We've had 50,000 discrete sessions with doctors and dentists on the website.  We also have garnered 300 new doctor, dentist households. And obviously, we'll start building this out in concentric circles. So what this is, it is a complete digital offering focused on doctors and dentists. And so it's much broader than a single product. It is to meet the needs of doctors and dentists, which are both unique and to some degree homogeneous. So it isn't just marketing for sure, it's very focused. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. Well, as I mentioned, it was a record first quarter for us in our investment banking business. Seasonality typically is back-end loaded as people -- there's always a big push to get transactions done by year-end. We obviously have been pleased by the trajectory of the business, and we also are pleased that as things come out of the pipeline, the pipeline is being replenished and the pipelines are strong. So we feel good about it, and we think we'll have another record year in our investment banking business. The -- one of the interesting things is there's a lot of M&A activity. So while there's not a lot of borrowing in our strategic discussions with the people that are running these mid-market and midsized companies they are looking to do strategic things, which really opens the door for us to provide a lot of services. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. That's a great question. Let me kind of break it into consumer and commercial. On the consumer side, we had a record year in terms -- a record quarter, I beg your pardon, in terms of number of new households. We also had a record quarter in terms of mortgage originations at $3 billion. So we have a lot of trajectory on the consumer side. The consumer is spending.  And while you don't see it in credit card balances because at origination, our average consumer has a FICO score of around 770, What you do see it in is the velocity in both debit and credit. We believe that our growth engines in consumer -- last year, we generated about $10 billion of originations between Laurel Road and mortgage, we think we will do more than that this year. And that trajectory is -- they're up and running.   Let's talk about commercial a little bit, which is clearly delayed. First of all, commercial right now, we have really unprecedented utilization as in low utilization. So I think one of the areas where we can grow from a commercial perspective is as there are supply chain challenges, as there is clearly some inflation out there.  I think you'll see people start to build their inventory. And I would suspect we'll see utilization improve from the low point that it is now. As I mentioned, there's a lot of strategic discussions going on that should generate loan growth. What we're not seeing right now is investment in people and property, plant and equipment. And I would guess on the people front, one of the challenges for our customers is it's hard to hire people. So that's one of the challenges. But on property, plant and equipment, I would expect that to ramp up in the second half. These projects, as you know, take a fair amount of lead time. So consumer, strong throughout the year. I think commercial is going to be relatively flat in the first half and will pick up in the second half. 
Christopher Gorman: John, it's Chris. We have not yet framed that for the investors. Obviously, this is -- we just launched the national, digital, affinity bank just at the end of March. Obviously, health care is rapidly approaching 20% of the GDP. So there is a huge opportunity. And as you look throughout Key, we do a lot of business in health care throughout our franchise.  For example, while not part of Laurel Road, doctors and dentists are a significant driver of our mortgage business, for example. And if you think about serving these large hospitals and what we can do for the CEO in terms of provide him strategic advice, raise capital at the -- dealing with the CFO, a lot we can do around payments. And then with the Chief Human Resources Officer, the ability to refinance student loans, the ability for docs to manage their money. We have $45 billion of AUM.  So it is a huge opportunity. We haven't yet laid it out for the public yet what our targets are. As it relates specifically to Laurel Road, last year, we generated $2.3 billion in loan refinancing. This year, in spite of, frankly, some of the noise around student lending in general, we will continue to grow that business. So that's just a data point for you. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So first, as it relates to deposits, I think it's probably somewhere in between your 2 scenarios. I think based on what we've all been through over the last 12 to 18 months. I think you'll see people carry a little higher levels of cash. But clearly, I think they will definitely burn down some of those excessive deposits before they start borrowing.  And I think as you think about going forward, the use of revolvers or going to various markets, I think to the extent that people have a defined use of proceeds. I think you'll see people try to lock in longer-term money because at current rates, I just think that makes a lot of sense for some of these long-term projects. 
Christopher Gorman: I don't think the steepness of the curve while it matters a lot to us. I think what our clients really think about from a strategic perspective is this a long-term asset. And if I go out -- if I term it out as opposed to use my revolver, is that an advantageous financing for the long term. I don't think they're driven by the steepness of the curve. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So as we look at the pipelines, as I mentioned, Mike, our pipelines are strong. And they're strong in the areas that have long lead times. But they're also strong in the areas that have a fair amount of velocity. Think about the debt markets, for example. So the pipelines are there. Also as we look at the mix, and I've mentioned this before, the level of M&A activity tends to have a multiplier effect.  And so as we're advising on a lot of significant transactions, it gives us the opportunity to do what we do for our clients, provide capital after providing advice, also provide enterprise payments, help them hedge. So those are the things that give me confidence that we're going to be able to grow the business again this year. We also have a lot of repeat customers.  We're really proud of the fact that a lot of our customers go to the markets relatively regularly, and we do a good job for them, and so they hire us in a repetitive fashion. Those are some of the reasons that I feel confident about the business. We also continue to hire quality people to bring on to our platform. We have what we think is a unique platform. Candidly, I still think it's underleveraged. And there's an opportunity for us in a very targeted way, go out and hire people that we think can advance the business. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure, sure. So that's -- we have been a leader in -- we always talk about targeted scale, and renewables is a great example that way back in 2004, as we saw the utilities pivot to renewable energy, we built a business around both wind and solar. On our books today, Mike, we have about $5 billion of exposure. Obviously, over the years, we've raised tens of billions of dollars for the benefit of our clients.  I think our pipelines in that business probably have visibility on $2 billion or so. What's really interesting is, I think as the whole plan comes together for the American Jobs plan, I think there'll be a big focus on renewable energy, and we feel like we're really well positioned. And so we'll continue to lean in. We'll continue to invest. We have good relationships with the whole ecosystem and so that would be an example of targeted scale. It wasn't that big of a business when we started it, but it will continue to grow. 
Christopher Gorman: I think there's always niche businesses. And what we found, Gerard, is when we bring on these niche businesses, I'm really proud of the way we've been able to integrate them because most of these businesses, by definition, are entrepreneurial businesses. The most recent one, obviously, was just last quarter when we purchased AQN, which is an analytics business.  But there are clearly opportunities with our targeted scale for us to go out and acquire these entrepreneurial companies that, by the way, are good companies that we're able to integrate, but they really bring a skill set to Key as well. With Laurel Road, I think we acquired 40 full stack software engineers, for example. And that clearly will be helpful as we advance our digital strategy throughout Key. So yes, there are opportunities, and we'll keep our eyes open for those. 
Christopher Gorman: Well, thank you. And again, I want to thank all of you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you. 
Donald Kimble: Sure. The ending balance was $7.7 billion because we actually originated $2 billion of new loans under the current program. And we also have a pipeline of approved through the SBA of an additional $700 million will be expected to close in the second quarter. 
Donald Kimble: Sure. If you look at the full year outlook that we have provided in January compared to what we have today. And just using the midpoint, net interest income is up about $80 million. And roughly $45 million to $50 million of that is coming from the improved rate outlook that we've seen with the rate curve moving up and just the impact of that in the overall portfolio.  If you take a look at the loan balances overall that I would say that they're up very modestly, but it really shows a little bit more of a mix improvement there as far as the yield impact. As Chris highlighted, that we had record mortgage originations of $3 billion this past quarter. We've increased our outlook as far as the overall mortgage balances going onto the balance sheet and pull back a little bit on the commercial given the lower utilization rates we saw in the first quarter.   And so that mix shift also helped a little bit. As far as PPP, we talked on the call in January about we thought that with the new loans that we'd be seeing coming through with the current wave of PPP, if you take a look at the net interest income, which includes both the 1% interest plus the fee income, we thought that'd be up about $80 million year-over-year. And that's about the same as what we're seeing this year as far as our outlook in April and so we're still seeing that kind of an incremental benefit. And then as far as the forgiveness, we would expect of last year's production of the $8 billion about 85% of that to be forgiven throughout the remainder of this year. And so we will see that acceleration occur as far as some of the fee income in future quarters compared to what we experienced in the first quarter. But generally fairly consistent with what we would have expected back in January. 
Donald Kimble: Sure. As far as the margin outlook, we would expect it to be stable to slightly up from here. So maybe up a couple of basis points throughout the rest of the year, really reflecting some of the improvement in the loan fees. And as we mentioned earlier, from the fourth quarter to the first quarter one of the drivers of why our NII was down was about $8 million lower loan fees and some of that was related to the PPP because we had higher levels of forgiveness in the fourth quarter than what we actually did in the first quarter of this year.   And so as far as the PPP impact, we would expect that the total NII level contributed for first quarter versus the rest of the year to continue to trend down a little bit, very modestly at first and thinking of $1 million or $2 million a quarter coming from that just with the impact of the forgiveness of those loans. But generally, again, fairly consistent with what we would have expected coming into the year as far as the trajectory and our outlook for those balances. 
Donald Kimble: That does contemplate that. As Chris highlighted, that we expect that to show growth on a year-over-year basis and also to show the stronger residential mortgage production as well. And so both of those are part of the reasons why the fee income is up and also the expenses are up on a corresponding basis. 
Donald Kimble: Sure, Ken. As far as our securities portfolio that we did add to both the core book as well as a short-term treasury book. We've got as of the end of the period, about a $5 billion over the last 2 quarters increase in the core bond portfolio. That was really done in some of the core type of products and investments we would normally invest in, which would include CMOs and 15-year pass-throughs. We also did some commercial mortgage agency securities as well and attached swaps to those so that basically it locks in that fixed rate for the first, say, 4 to 6 years and then converts it to a nice loading rate for us. And so the average yield on those purchases was around $140 million. The roll-off of our existing portfolio is around a $2.35 to $2.40 range. And so we do see continued pressure there based on where the  current rates are, but is just consistent with what we're seeing in the markets overall.  As far as that short-term treasury portion of the portfolio, we added again, about $5 billion also over the last 2 quarters. The average yield on that is about 40 basis points. And well, that's fairly low. It's a fairly short duration of the portfolio and really is just representing a safe substitute for the cash position as we're continuing to maintain cash levels of about $15 billion, which is from our target level of about $1 billion and no more than $2 billion.  And so just something we'll continue to evaluate as far as the overall outlook as far as putting some of those additional dollars to work. And hopefully, we start to see some of that additional commercial growth and utilization rates pick up, which would be a much better option for us as far as using some of that excess liquidity.  On the loan side that we are seeing some tightening from the competitive perspective on the commercial side that, as you might imagine, there's stronger demand coming from banks to provide those loans. And so we are seeing a little bit tightening there compared to where we were a year ago. And on the consumer side, spreads on a curve adjusted basis continue to be pretty good for us. The both Laurel Road and residential mortgage are wider spreads than where they would typically be, even though the yields are still low compared to where we might want to see that overall portfolio but generally holding up pretty well. 
Donald Kimble: Well, the net interest income -- or excuse me, the interest income, so this wouldn't include any funding cost associated with it, it was $65 million, and that was down from $70 million last quarter. And we would expect just some very slight reductions in that $65 million level over the next few quarters and essentially with the forgiveness triggering some acceleration of the fee income offsetting some of the reduction in future balances as that forgiveness goes through. 
Donald Kimble: No, I think you're right. I mean in the first quarter, I think we saw card spend up about 7% across our customer base, and maybe that's a leading indicator there. But Gerard, those deposit balances have been amazingly sticky. And I think it reflects the impact of the ongoing stimulus programs that come through and the checks that have been cut to the consumer. And so those have been very resilient as far as the overall balances. I think we will see balances remain strong for a period of time, even as the economy starts to pick up.  But would expect probably as we are also expecting to see commercial lending picking up in the second half of the year.  I would expect some of those commercial deposits to start coming under a little bit of pressure to as Chris highlighted, maybe do a little bit of both where you pull back a little bit on that liquidity on the balance sheet but also start to borrow against some of the lines to help fund some of the needed investments in inventory and just other growth. 
Donald Kimble: Sure that if you look at the increase year-over-year, there was about $39 million. I would say 32-ish of that is really related to the prepaid card business that we've talked about before that's used to support various state government programs in this environment that at the same time, we saw that increase.  We also saw a corresponding increase in our expenses of $32 million. And so near term, the benefit really is from those deposits that are being maintained there. And so we would expect those programs to continue to wind down throughout the year. And so we will see that cards and payments-related revenue line item coming down for that, but also see a corresponding impact on the expense side as well.  As we mentioned earlier, we were starting to see in the first quarter some nice trends as far as the year-over-year growth rates in all of our card programs, whether it was consumer credit card or debit card or whether it was the commercial card products that we have. And so we're excited about that core momentum and probably would expect to see growth there on a core basis, but might be a little cloudy to see that as we would expect to see some of that prepaid balance or activity flow throughout the year. 
Donald Kimble: Well, I would say that we will have increased costs associated with that. But the run rate and the build-out was reflected in our January outlook. And so none of that really came through there that as you think about what the change in our outlook was and just using the midpoint of those guidance ranges that total revenues are up $160 million from what we would have shown before. Expenses are up $80 million. And so efficiency ratio of about 50% on that revenue growth, and that really relates to the growth coming from higher expected capital markets-related revenues and higher consumer mortgage revenues, which both have a strong variable expense component to it. 
Donald Kimble: Yes. We would expect very incremental changes as far as deploying some of those that initially, the liquidity will be absorbed through additional loan balances. And so as we mentioned before, we expect the first quarter to be the low point for us for average loan balances for the year, and that's really led by the consumer growth initially. And then we would expect to see line utilization rates pick up in the second half of the year for commercial.  And so that will be helpful. And then as far as the investment portfolio that over the last couple of quarters, we put to work a net, say, $2 billion to $3 billion of additional investments outside of the treasury portfolio. And so I would think that, that would be an expected pace of maybe deploying $1 billion to $2 billion per quarter as far as shifting out of cash and putting that into the investment portfolio in addition to the loan growth. 
Donald Kimble: You nailed it. That's essentially what's happened here is on the service charge on deposits. The primary reason for the decline is related to just that very fact that the consumers have stronger balances and so they have lower NSF OD fees. And also the commercial customers have stronger balances, which results in fewer service charges for those accounts as well. And so that excess liquidity is providing a relief for the customers as far as fee income. 
