Don Kimble: Sure, Scott. I’ll start with that and then ask Beth or Chris to jump in with the additional color. But I think you hit some of the key points. One is that we are starting off from a point from C&I where the end-of-period balances were stronger. And what’s important to note there was that those were core business relationships that wasn’t being influenced by bridge loans or other things that might be more temporary in nature, and so we’re feeling positive about that.  Our pipelines are strong going into the year. And the other thing to keep in mind too is that throughout 2017, we had a very good year as far as originations and what really changed was a trend in the market, which translated to much stronger capital market fees for us by our company’s accessing the capital markets and higher pay downs. And so, we would expect those to continue, but probably not at the same pace and, as we’ve said in our notes, that we expect loan growth to build throughout the year.
Don Kimble: We’re seeing stronger customer preference for time deposits now that rates have come up a little bit. And you’re right, what we’re seeing is the impact of the new rates coming through with growth in that product and it’s translating to an increase in that overall rate on deposits paid for time deposits. Even with that, though, our cumulative beta is only 21% since the first rates started to come through, and I would say that mix shift into that time deposit category is really the only category where we’re seeing increased deposit costs for us and we would expect that trend to continue.
Don Kimble: Great. And a couple things there. One, Erica, is that we expect to get there without much benefit from rate increases, that our longer-term forecast does not show the rate increases that we might be seeing from some other economic forecasts and so that’s not a big contributor to this. It really is continuing to operate on our business model and continuing to generate positive operating leverage. It does require us to achieve the remaining $50 million in expense saves from First Niagara. It does require us to achieve the $300 million in revenue synergies, and we’re only assuming basically a third of that goes through in the form of additional cost, and it does continue to assume that on a core basis we can generate revenue growth at a faster rate than expense growth. And that will help drive our efficiency ratio down, and we believe that we can achieve that over the next two to three-year time period.
Don Kimble: Just to follow up onto that, you had asked, Erika, as far as the longer-term assumption for the CET1, and we’ve talked about guiding that down over time to the 9% to 9.5% range. And that would be incorporated into achieving the kind of return thresholds here. And the other benefit is the impact of taking that effective tax rate down to that 18% to 19% level, and that will add over a point to our return on tangible common. And we closed the fourth quarter at a 13.5% level so I think we’re on a good path to get there.
Don Kimble: No. I would agree, Beth, and I think the message here is we’re continuing to operate our model. And that model does result in us investing in a number of things both from the technology platform and also our people. And those types of investments are embedded in our guidance, and we’ll make sure that we can continue to achieve cost savings to help fund some of those future investments as well.
Don Kimble: Sure. The total Cain revenues for the quarter were about equal to the expenses that we talked about as far $36 million. As far as that Investment Banking debt placement fee line item, it was $30 million. Now that was a very strong quarter for Cain. It was a very strong quarter for Key and so we’re very pleased with those results. Cain typically would probably be something in the $15 million to $20 million per quarter as far as total revenues and so you would have to adjust for that. And then as far as Investment Banking debt placement fees, our objective would be on the core legacy Key footprint. We would be able to grow Investment Banking debt placement fees and with the addition of Cain Brothers, it would be additive on top of that with the additional growth.
Don Kimble: That’s an important point, Beth, because we did not segregate those merger-related costs into our merger category. Those came through our business as usual for the impact of Cain.
Don Kimble: As far as our comments, we talked about the net interest income excluding purchase accounting accretion showing modest improvement. And so as we would think about it and some of the conversations we had earlier, for each additional rate increase it adds about $12 million of net interest income and then so that’s roughly three to four basis points. And so our current guidance would have one in the middle of the year that we also have the full year benefit of the December rate increase that hasn’t been reflected in the current numbers. And so between those two items, you would see a pickup in margin throughout the year related to that activity. In addition, we are expecting some margin pick up just because of the impact of our investment portfolio and swap book maturing and rolling over and current rates for those would be additive to our net interest income as well.
Don Kimble: The quarterly is about a billion four for the bond and then on the swap book it’s about a billion three a quarter.
Don Kimble: Yes, Ken, I would just add that the important thing here is serving the customer and keeping that relationship. And as you look at the full breadth of that relationship, the area that has the lowest return on equity for us is the loan. And so as long as we can continue to support that customer and develop that relationship and expand the relationship, the loan is less critical as far as driving the total return.
Don Kimble: Well, essentially those short-term assets were in cash balances with the Fed, and so it’s short term in nature and that did penalized our margin. We would expect that over time that that would wind down to more normal levels as the loan growth picks up.
Don Kimble: But if you look at our guidance range for next year compared to the reported 2017 ex-notable items, it’s north of 5%. And so as we mentioned, investment banking debt placement fees will be a strong area of growth for us. Cards and payments revenues will continue to be a strong area of growth for us. Trust and Investment Services, we expect to continue to see some positive momentum there as well, and so I would say that those are the primary areas of growth and other categories will do fine, but those are the primary areas of investments in the last couple of years for us.
Don Kimble: Our model really is based on generating positive operating leverage, and so we expect it to be able to continue to drive revenues at a faster pace than expenses. What we’ve talked about historically in the slower growth environments where the GDP is between the 2% and the 3% range, that we would be able to grow the revenues at that kind of a general pace and keep expenses relatively stable. And so that helps drive the efficiency ratio down. And as far as our timeline, the long-term targets are really on a two-to-three-year type of time horizon as far as our ability to operate inside those ranges on a consistent basis.
Don Kimble: I don’t have the number off the top of my head, but it’s a fairly small amount to begin with, but it will come down because of the tax rate. You’re right.
Don Kimble: Our outlook would assume that the loan growth would provide the majority of the earning asset growth of the investment portfolio. It would be relatively stable, and the benefit that we mentioned there is really just the roll-off of the current cash flows being re-priced at today’s market rate, so which would be a lift for us.
Don Kimble: We would expect to see normal seasonal trends, which would show that the expenses would be down in the first quarter. And, as we highlighted, a good reason for why expenses were up this quarter is because of the success of the capital markets revenues, and we would not expect to see that same $200 million in the first quarter of next year. We also tend to see some seasonal increases in the fourth quarter, which go back to more normal levels in the first quarter. And so our outlook would assume a decline in the first quarter.
Don Kimble: We haven’t provided specific quarterly guidance. I would tend to look at how the trajectory occurred throughout this year and see some of the seasonal trends continue at that kind of pace.
Don Kimble: This is Don. I’ll take that. As far as the total line utilization for all credit, we were midrange, 50% range, and it was down about 1.5% compared to where it was the previous quarter, and similar trends within the C&I book where we saw most of the decline.
Don Kimble: And I would say that as far as the 2018 impact so far, I think it’s too early to draw any conclusions from that. The numbers I provided were end-of-period 2017.
Don Kimble: I would, as I suggested that the onetime merger-related costs were in the 20% ballpark range and so you’d probably use that 80% as a general rule of thumb initially and that wouldn’t reflect the merger savings or increased business resulting from the combination of the two companies.
Don Kimble: This current quarter it was a breakeven. Prospectively, it will be a contributor to our bottom line.
Don Kimble: What we talked about is that we would be at that full $300 million run rate by the end of 2019 and think about that as a kind of a steady progression up to that level so kind of a straight-line move. So we would assume that by the end of the year, we would be close to that 150 kind of run rate.
Don Kimble: As we look at the betas right now on the retail side, the only beta we’re seeing is the impact of mix shift as far as the preference going over to time deposits for our retail customers so we’re really not seeing much in the way of contractual rate changes or any new pricing on the retail deposits. On the high net worth, they tend to be a little bit more rate sensitive and so we’re seeing a little bit more activity there, probably not at the same pace or level that we see on the commercial deposits, but we have seen more demand for higher rates in that category. And then on the commercial side, our betas have been a little bit north of 40% and in large part contractually driven but we are continuing to see more customers and more of the competitors offering up higher rates for commercial deposits. And as we would start to see those betas move up, we don’t see that occurring near-term, but we would expect over the long-term to start to see all of those products migrate to the mid-50s kind of beta and start to see that translate to additional rate competition, but our guidance assumed and our asset sensitivity assumes that for the next couple of rate increases it’s going to remain relatively low compared to what our longer-term targets are.
Don Kimble: I don’t know we have any caps per se. I think again, what we’re trying to do is continue to focus on our customer relationships and meet their financial needs, and I would say that this is just a period where we’re seeing increases and their desires to access the capital markets and we’re glad that we have the products and capabilities to support that.
Don Kimble: I would say that we're probably going to be in that operating range faster than we would be on the efficiency ratio and we haven't given specific timelines, but I think that generally in the late 2018, 2019 time period would probably be a relative good assumption as far as our ROTCE target. 
Don Kimble: Well, a couple of things that we have going forward, one, is the revenue synergies, which you highlighted and that should be a big help for us, but the other thing is if you look at our guidance, a purchase accounting accretion would come down year-over-year about $80 million. And also taking a look at the impact of the fourth quarter of 2017 rate increase on net interest income at $12 million a quarter would generate $48 million, and then a mid-year rate increase would be $24 million so that the rate increases by themselves are $72 million. And so that essentially offsets the purchase accounting accretion loss we’ll have for the year, and so we think that there clearly is movement there that can be beneficial to help drive the earnings going forward. 
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Erika. I will give you some observations and then turn it over to Don to talk a little bit more about the underlying assumptions on our movement in the return on tangible common equity target. And I would tell you that it is early days for the new heads of both the OCC and the Federal Reserve, but I do think you’ve heard a tone that has been consistent over the last year of a move towards a more quantitative view of capital return as they extend the CCAR results.  So while we have not yet received implicit guidance or otherwise about what I would call concrete expectations for the 2018 CCAR examination period, it is clearly our belief, and as we have discussed in other forums, our goal is to start moving our dividend payout to more of a 40% to 50% return to our shareholders. We believe that is consistent with what is a good level of payout of stronger earnings for regional banks and also aligns with the interest and rewarding our shareholders and investors. So I would tell you that as we look at next year, these CCAR results are going to be obviously not subject to a qualitative review – they will be based on quantitative results – and that we will be looking to our return of capital to our shareholders with that lens.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Steve. I would tell you that clearly it is our expectation that the Tax Reform and Jobs Acts of 2017 will be positive for the business environment, our clients, and our industry specifically as well, and I believe over time it will also be something where we’ll be able to reward our shareholders with the increased earnings power in the industry and within Key. As we look at investing for growth, I think our company has been very consistent over recent years of talking about and demonstrating that we are willing to invest for future growth in both people, products, and capabilities both through our internal investments as well as things that we did in 2017 such as HelloWallet, our Merchant Services business, our residential mortgage platform and then culminating in the fourth quarter with Cain Brothers. We talk about it in that it needs to be driven by positive operating leverage, and over the years we’ve always said it needs to be bounded by a view of the economic environment as well. So as we look forward, there is indeed no change in our 2018 plans per the level of investment, and I think we’ll invest as opportunities are appropriate that are consistent with our business model and also are consistent with our stated goal of continuing to drive positive operating leverage.
Beth Mooney: As you saw in our press release, we did do a one-time contribution to our employee retirement accounts. We’re very proud to do that, and it will be beneficial to some 80% of our employees. But as in all things, we consistently benchmark both pay, benefits, and on the technology front are consistently trying to organize our priorities to make sure that it is promoting growth as well as balancing cyber security and our core systems. So again, as I look at it I don’t feel constrained, and I’ll let Don talk about how he thinks it flows through the next couple of years.
Beth Mooney: And in the fourth quarter, it was our first full quarter of Cain being part of Key so the expense run rate or the expenses that we announced for the fourth quarter would not be consistent with the run rate of Cain. It also included some onetime and other expenses related to bringing them on board.
Beth Mooney: And I would just add that, because it was implicit in my comments, Ken, that as I talked about the business model, Don hit on it when he said serving the client. I think some piece of the trade-off is if a client opts to a capital markets execution, and we saw particularly favorable market activity in pricing and spreads last year, the alternative is they may seek the market through another intermediary than Key. And to me, that is where you would then not even capture the revenue with the relationship. And as we’ve mentioned in the fourth quarter with our commercial real estate, it had significant flows into the capital markets, we led 90% of those transactions. So to me it’s about capturing client need and retaining the revenue within Key.
Beth Mooney: Peter, this is Beth. I will give some commentary on what we’re hearing from clients and then what I think is generally the industry’s view, and Don may have some additional comments or Chris. I think a number, if you listen across the industry and as we’ve all talked about it, everyone believes that the tax reform and what has transpired is constructive for the business environment. I don’t think anyone thinks it’s like a light switch that will alter behavior one way or another as we go into the year. I think these will be trends that develop, and implicit in that is a belief that there could be more investment in expansion than we have seen over the last several years because as we look at GDP as well as client commentary, that has been somewhat muted for the strength in where we are in this particular economic cycle. So I think it will layer in over time, and I think the expectation is that we saw strong pipelines, we had good growth as we said in our period-end loans, and that we did see I think a theme of 2017 across the industry was elevated pay downs and more capital market activity than we had seen in prior years. But I think as those roll through in 2018, there’s still a belief that there will be demand for on balance sheet bank loans throughout the year.
Beth Mooney: And that indeed as we pointed out in our comments was about $500 million in average balances for the quarter, so that 1.5% decline in utilization was meaningful to the balances.
Beth Mooney: Gerard, this is Beth. We - I said it a couple answers ago but 90% of the movement from our clients into the market, Key was roughly…
Beth Mooney: And we had $4 billion of placements into the commercial mortgage bank from our commercial mortgage banking group in the fourth quarter alone.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. Thank you again. 
Christ Gorman: Sure. This is Chris speaking. With respect to C&I, we sort of, as we look at the pipelines which are stronger on a relative basis and stronger on an absolute basis than they were at this time last year, it’s really across-the-board in C&I so we see strong pipelines there. With respect to real estate, to go back to something that Don mentioned earlier, as we look at 2017, you know the originations and the amount of new clients that we brought on and the amount of financings we did for existing clients were every bit as strong in 2017 as they’ve ever been. What was differentiated about 2017 versus some of the other years is in so many cases, we went to the markets whether it’s FHA, whether it’s Fannie, Freddie, the CMBS market, the Life companies, et cetera, we have very good pipelines in real estate and we have a very good client base. We’ll continue to serve those clients in whatever is in their best interest and so we have good backlogs there. One area where you aren’t going to see us really ramp up our exposure is in construction and that’s been by design and as you know, at one point, we had a higher level of construction. Right now we’re running at about 12% construction but real estate very important business for us and what we’re doing for our clients continues to expand. You brought up residential mortgage which is going to be a really interesting area for us going forward. That’s a business, just to remind people, we weren’t really in. We had outsourced that business. We have a run rate of about $2 billion currently in annual originations. We think over the next, say two or three years, we can increase that by as much as an additional $5 billion. And if you think about kind of our franchise and our 3 million customers, if we just do one additional $250,000 mortgage in each of our branches a month that doubles that business. It’s also, by the way, very important to financial wellness as we think about how we’re differentiating ourselves in the marketplace because buying a home is obviously not only very important to our clients, but if you think about it from our perspective, with all of the data and the analytics capabilities that we have, it’s just a treasure drove of information. So that’s kind of how we’re looking at each of those three areas you had asked about.
Christ Gorman: This is Chris again. You’d have to look at that completely through the cycle because it’s sort of a trade-off, right? And if you think about it, you get a fee upfront which generates, obviously, a high ROE, a high returns, but it’s one time and you don’t have the benefit of the annuity. Conversely, with a loan you get the benefit of an earning asset, but you also get the benefit of tail risk. It’s a very interesting question that we look at a lot, but until you go through the cycle, it’s hard to really say with certainty.
Christ Gorman: If utilization had been relatively flat over the last couple of years, so it was a tip down, if you can think about sort of business activity in general, some of the increases in the cost of commodities, I would anticipate that utilization would reverse back to where it’s been over the last couple of years.
Christ Gorman: This is Chris. We’re really not seeing a change in pricing over the last three months or six months. It’s been actually pretty steady, frankly both on the loan and the deposit side. Go ahead, please.
Christ Gorman: Well, I think it’s pretty broad, but if you think about it, a big part of our client base are small mid-sized businesses, a lot of pass-through entities. On a relative basis, they were pretty full taxpayers, so they clearly are going to be significant beneficiaries. And the other thing that's interesting about our business model whether it’s Key at work or it’s our private bank, those shareholders of those companies and their employees are also clients of ours as well and they too will benefit.
