Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Todd, that's -- I'd be delighted to take that question. And I think the primary driver of the acquisition of 37 branches in Western New York is to strengthen our franchise in the markets of Buffalo and Rochester. We have talked about how share density and increasing our presence at markets over time helps us acquire clients, increase our revenue and enhance our business operations. So we viewed this, first and foremost, as an opportunity to strengthen our franchise in 2 important markets to Key. Relative to liquidity and capital, the liquidity front, as Jeff mentioned, those deposits of $2.4 billion that we'll close in the second quarter are paired around upcoming debt maturities. So our first use for that will be to simply pay off those maturing debts. And as it relates to capital, we have said we will opportunistically look at acquisitions that enhance our franchise that could potentially use some capital. And given the size of this particular transaction, the amount of capital that it uses is really minimal.
Beth E. Mooney: Todd, we have -- our priorities around capital have not changed. And I will just reiterate them to kind of set clarity around that because it wasn't included in our remarks. Our primary use of our capital is investing in our businesses and supporting our clients and our loan growth. Second would be our common stocks dividend. Third, we would look to the return of capital in the form of share repurchase to our shareholders. And then fourth, our capital position allows us to be disciplined and opportunistic about ways that we could invest in our franchise to include selectively acquisitions over time.
Beth E. Mooney: And Brian, I would just add, this is Beth, that in our comments about our 2012 CCAR submission, we said that we contemplated both potential increase on our common stock dividend, as well as the potential for share repurchase. And we, like the other banks that participate in the CCAR process, will get further guidance from the Federal Reserve in the middle of March.
Beth E. Mooney: Matt, I would just say, overall, obviously, as S&P did their review of the regional banks last year, they saw to move Key to a positive outlook that we're pleased to see. And obviously, Moody's has looked at the bank arena. And Jeff can comment more specifically on some of the components, but I think there is an overall perception within Moody's related to the earnings power of our industry in this particular economic regulatory and interest rate environment. So we continue to look to the strength of our balance sheet, the strength of our capital ratios and the things that we have done to basically position our company. And I think the rating agencies will continue to monitor that for Key, as well as the industry over time. And I would let Jeff comment more fully on Moody's.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Gerard. I would say that clearly on the philosophical point of view, our priorities are driven by the view of what creates the most value for our shareholders. And we've talked about obviously having capital support, our organic growth, as well as the growth that's required for our clients, dividends, share repurchase and then excess capital available under the right circumstances and in a disciplined way for other opportunities that could include acquisition. Embedded in that is our philosophy. And clearly, at any point in time, you're right. How we utilize capital is being governed by the CCAR process in conjunction with the Federal Reserve. And at current share prices, share repurchase would be important -- would be attractive to shareholders because that return of capital would be enhancing to their value. So in conjunction with our board and our regulators, we will look at that each and every year. And in my comments, I used the word some of the most important decisions we will make as a board and management team, in conjunction with our regulators in the coming years, is how do we use that capital in a disciplined way that creates franchise and shareholder value. So clearly, continuing to look at those 4 priorities in each and every year against those opportunities, against what's the right thing to do to make sure we're taking care of our shareholders, is top of mind of the board and management in conjunction with our regulators.
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth, and I would say that additional opportunities are hard to predict because these tend to come along for reasons that aren't necessarily something that you can plan or anticipate has to do with the circumstances of an organization that would be in a position to look to sell something or sell a whole bank. We have said in the past that we believe we can create value in a disciplined way by looking at the breath of our geographic markets and where appropriate if opportunities were to come along that would allow us to do a fill-in acquisition that would enhance our market presence, would strengthen our ability to leverage our business model, acquire clients and utilize the capabilities of our corporate and community banks, that again was the word discipline being operative in that sentence, that we would look at those. And across our franchise, there could be a variety of areas and opportunities in that regard. So I appreciate your comment about a recent announcement as being attractive. I think that is indicative of the kind of the things that we are trying to think about to strengthen and enhance our franchise. And with that, I know Bill Koehler, our President of Corporate -- Community Bank, might have some additional thoughts about how he looks at our various geographies.
Beth E. Mooney: And Steve, this is Beth. One of the things I underscored in our opening remarks when I've shared some of the priorities and thoughts around 2012 was critical to our success, as well as our business plan, is continued growth in that position and deepening of relationships in our commercial, industrial and agricultural loan book and that, that will be through the execution of our relationship strategy and not purchased loans. And...
Beth E. Mooney: And David, I would just add that pipelines across our businesses continue to be strong. Levels of new business volume originations are increasing. But in all things, there is seasonality and there are timing cases. So as we think about 2012, we feel good about continued loan growth. But in any given quarter, the level of growth, such as we had in the fourth quarter, is often influenced by other factors.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, Operator. And again, we'd like to thank everyone for taking time from their schedule to participate in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Lambert, at the phone number of (216) 689-3133. And for today, that concludes our remarks.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: With respect to the expenses, it would be very similar to our guidance that we gave last year in the first quarter. That last year, we gave in the guidance of around $700 million to $725 million. I would say that would probably be in the -- right around the $700 million level is where we're looking at for expenses. I think on Durbin, the mitigation plans really won't to be in full swing as far as fully implemented until we get into later this year and into 2013. So that's one "area." But we also are seeing very good activity, I think, with regard to our loan syndication activities. You've seen where we've had good loan origination-related activity here in the third and the fourth quarter, and syndication of our loan-related fees have been -- held up quite strongly. I think with respect to the other item, as you're talking about too, the net interest margin, we are guiding for a stronger margin in 2012. And certainly, with, I think, the leverage that we have on the CD and on the debt side that will be something that will be achievable for us.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Brian, that's from where we are today. So we expect to see improvement as we go throughout the year.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff again. I think what we all have to be conscious of is the fact that it's not really something that the board and management has directly within their control anymore. So what all of us have to do is go through this process of submitting our plans to the regulators, and then it's reviewed. So our priorities, I think, were laid out as to how we want to employ our capital. And we don't disagree with you that having the opportunity to do some share repurchases at these particular levels would certainly be accretive and attractive to us. But everything has to be balanced in the approach and how we are viewing our overall capital plan going forward.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: That would include those particular branches because we have debt maturities that are coming up. So it's a little bit of a liability-driven approach here. We have plenty of liquidity. So we'll improve our mix of our assets as we have loan growth. We'll have cash flows coming off of our investment portfolio that will be reinvested into loans. And then as we get into the second part of 2012, we have the opportunity with the deposits coming back on and continued loan growth to show overall growth in the average earning assets.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes, okay. So with respect to the average earning assets, we basically have been holding right around the $72 billion mark here the last 2 quarters. And so we are getting towards that bottoming part of that process. I think as we look at the first quarter and the second quarter, we have those debt maturities. I think that would be where we would have the kind of that low part of that particular range. And then as we get into the third and the fourth quarter, we'll be building at that particular point in time. So that's how I would try to look at it from an asset -- average asset perspective.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, certainly under Dodd-Frank, we think about that business going away going forward because a number of the individuals that used to be a part of the company were basically spun off here, left the company in the second quarter of this year and are still managing those particular funds. But they’ve got their own operation at this point in time. Most of the overall balances that we have in principal investing, which is approximately $700 million, $500 million of which are funds and $200 million of which are direct investments. And they both continue to pay down. So we saw realization of sales in the fourth quarter of this year. Now some of the -- as we look at this, it is choppy and volatile. And I would expect that we would see that to continue going forward. It's very difficult for me to predict exactly where it's going to come out on any given quarter because of the underlying investments and how they may or may not perform.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, the one comment -- this is Jeff, and then Chuck will comment also on this. But I think you have to look at the fact that we reserves set up for specific individual loans to the extent those loans get resolved. Those reserves are no longer necessary. And so that's what we're seeing some of that particular action as nonperforming loans continue to go down. There were specific reserves assigned to them, and those particular reserves get released. I think the overall pause is migration of the book, and it's difficult to tell you how long that will continue before it just becomes a stabilization and then you start getting into more of a factor involving just normal loan growth. Even if it's at the same existing credit quality, we'll require additional reserves to be taken at that particular point in time for that particular production. But I think what I wanted to convey in the initial comments were that we still expect to see the reserve come down during the course of 2012. However, with the pace of which it came down in 2011, which resulted in an overall credit to the provision expense for the year, we do not expect that in 2012 at this particular point in time. And in fact, as we migrate towards the year, we expect to see provision expense increase. But it still may not be. I can't tell you specifically if it will equal net charge-offs at that particular point in time.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, this is Jeff Weeden again. I think if you look at the consensus out there in the street, you would see that the estimates for 2012 would actually be below the 2011 earnings of the company. And I think you summarized it in the sense that with the negative provision in 2011, having a positive provision in 2012 wouldn't automatically create some degree of headwinds there. I think what we overcome over time is really with the continued loan growth and margin expansion and also being able to offset some of the other headwinds that we have with respect to the debit card fee income of related items. So it is from the perspective as you described it. I mean, I think we've given pretty specific guidance on the range of pre-provision profitability. We've given pretty specific guidance, even with respect to charge-offs for the next couple of quarters and provision expense remaining below that, but I can't tell you exactly how much below it will be until we actually go through the end of each and every quarter. Tax rates will remain relatively comparable. So I think in tax terms, the tax rates can change depending upon the income in any given quarter. But factor in a normal tax rate and then we apply tax credits against that, that we originate on an ongoing basis, and that has a reduction -- natural reduction, to the overall effective tax rate.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. I'll take the lower yield right away because those where our new originations are going into. So the new coupons are just of lower than the overall portfolio, just given the nature of the market today. With respect to the overall size of the portfolio, it will, in all likelihood, come down as we have loans that we're funding as part of the change in the overall asset mix. We've had a higher level of investment securities during the last couple of years as we have basically had this part of liquidity. And so as liabilities have been repricing, that's been coming out of that particular area. Now that we've reached kind of the floor on some of the liability side of the equation on the deposits, we still have some debts maturing. But as we look at it, we're using the cash flows coming off of the investment portfolio. We'll fund new loan growth for the overall company, and that will just be an improvement in the asset mix itself and benefit the margin.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Yes. I think in terms of capital reserves, asset quality, we're all -- the company is in very good shape. I think what it really is looking at is just to continue to show improvement here in the future on pre-provision profitability of the company. So we feel good about the direction that we're headed as a company. But I cannot predict when any particular rating action may take place. So if it does, it is positive for us. But even at our current ratings, we are in, I think, a relatively good shape.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Okay. Gerard, on the cost of capital, I think you can go out and you can look at any number of different players that are out there and compute the cost of capital, given the current rate environment and the betas out there, whether it's around 10% or something along those particular lines. With respect to Tier 1 common and Basel III, I think in this regard, we do have to wait to see specifically what comes out of the SIFI buffers, if any, and the requirements of those rules. I guess we were hopeful that they would have been out by now, to begin to see that and formulate it. But we expect those out in the not-too-distant future. With respect to how well-managed capital, we'll take that all into account. Does that mean that -- I think as you look at the capital composition has changed also. So we have not only look at Tier 1 common, but you have to look at Tier 1 in total capital, what those requirements are. And so with that in mind, more -- does it end up being a Tier 1 common level that's closer to a 9%, 9.5%, 10%? We don't really know yet at this point in time. Where we are right now at the end of the year on a Basel I basis was a Tier 1 common of around 11.28%, 11.3%. And we're in very good shape on that. So Beth, do you want to comment on the...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Primarily 2 things. One, we have a smaller held to -- or available-for-sale portfolio. And the second item is the change in the pension value, pension asset values.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: So Kevin, it's Chris again. A couple of things. There is no question that the exiting of the European banks has had an impact on the entire market. So we are clearly seeing that. And you're also seeing on the supply side, if we go back, for example, in the real estate business, 5 years ago, the CMBS market was a $300 billion market. Last year, it was a $30 billion market. This year, I think it's going to be a $25 million or $35 billion market. And there is a wall of refinancing. So there are some issues on the supply side that are driving our ability and other people's ability to grow loans. Having said that, our growth was not, in fact, driven by buying into syndications and filling out where the European banks used to be. As we said earlier, it was really lead business. We lead 70 -- we're focused on the middle market obviously, but we lead 70% of the deals we're involved with.
Charles S. Hyle: Yes. It's a little hard to predict these things. It really does all boil down to commercial portfolio composition. And as Jeff and Beth indicated in their comments, I think our criticized classified numbers continue to come down in a pretty good pace. I think they were down 14% in the fourth quarter. And I think another important factor is that the new origination for the quarter continues to improve the overall quality of our commercial portfolio. In other words, the credits that were underwriting and taking on the book are of even better quality. So all those things help move things in the direction that we've seen over the last number of quarters. The kind of ailing [ph] force, of course, is an increase in volume. And that's what we're beginning to predict, and we'll see how that plays out over the next couple of quarters.
Charles S. Hyle: I don't -- we don't disclose -- we don't really look at it that way. We look at it in the -- we look at the total portfolio. We look at what's in the portfolio. We look at correlations within the portfolio. And we do an individual bottoms-up approach. What we do track is the probability to default of the new business that we do. And directionally, that is, as I said earlier, improving the overall tone of the portfolio.
Charles S. Hyle: Ken, this is Chuck Hyle. I'll just add 1 or 2 comments to Jeff's. And one is that, as we said before, this process is a bottoms-up commercial loan by commercial loan analysis that we do every quarter. It's quite rigorous and it's quite detailed. And that's basically every quarter we do this. And that's what drives -- ultimately drives the allowance. And while we look at multiple of factors, that is the core of the analysis that we do. I would say the commercial book -- we've seen terrific progress on the commercial book over the last 2 years. And as we've said over the last quarter or so, I think that progress, the reduction in bad loans and so forth, is kind of reaching a more normalized state. But on the consumer side, while we've seen some progress, it hasn't been dramatic progress. And I think that we will not see incremental progress on a consumer side of the book until we see better underlying economic news, particularly the unemployment rate. And while our consumer book never deteriorated very dramatically during the cycle, the improvement, I think, the pace of that improvement has been slow. So I think there are slightly different stories in those 2 books. We'll see how they play out during the quarter. And again, as we've said earlier, the volume that we create over the next couple of quarters will have an impact on the reserves as well. But it's a very rigorous, very kind of mathematical process that we go through as we establish our reserves.
