Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Ebrahim. And maybe I'll just kind of reground everybody in the whole thing, and then I'll get to your question because I'm sure this is not -- you're not unique in the NII question for the fourth quarter. So first of all, I think we've been really consistent or tried to be that a lot of this pull-through will happen in the second half of 2024, which we would expect will materialize as you see on the slide, and you noted. So we've talked a lot about the structural roll-off in swaps and treasury. So just a reminder, $5.5 billion of treasury is maturing in the second half at an average yield of about 47 basis points. $3.2 [ph] billion of swaps at about 60 basis points and then $2 billion of securities repricing at roughly low to mid-2% yield. So just that's the piece on the left that you referred to. There's another $10 million to $15 million in day count and fees. So again, we feel fairly good about that pulling through. We do expect deposit costs to continue to rise. So let's assume one cut coming in December. We guided to a mid-50s beta if there's no cuts. So a little bit of drift up. If there's one cut in December, that won't be impacted materially. We will see some benefit on betas if there's a cut in September, but we will also see the impact, obviously, of loan yields coming down, and that will happen in advance, not just because the loans reprice immediately, but SOFR will reflect that, as you know, a little bit before that cut. So there's a little bit of negative drag in 2024 if there's a first cut in September. As you commented, right, loan balances will be the variable. So we've been a little weaker in the quarter than planned. As Chris said, our pipelines are strengthening materially. I think that's a function of ongoing engagement with our teams, with clients, and prospects. As you said, middle market is up 50% plus on the pipeline side. So we do expect and are starting to see some traction in the back half. I think if there's a little bit lighter loan growth than what we guided to, we'll still be okay getting there. And if it's materially lower, then that's a different conversation. What the real implication is, I think, and probably where your question is going is, what does that mean for 2025 and the size of the balance sheet and the loan book going there. So look, I do think we all expect rate cuts to come, although I'm certainly not very good at predicting the economy, so I won't try to do that. But should we get some rate cuts, we do think that will create more client activity. We're already, as we talked about in pipeline and engagement dialogue seeing client interest in that. I think that means even if we start on a lower exit rate on loans, we will see good strong growth going into 2025 on loans. In the 12 years I've been at Key other than the last 12 months, we've been a leader on commercial loan growth, and I don't see anything today that would cause me to believe that will be different going forward. But I do think it's valuable maybe to add a couple pieces of content on 2025 that we really haven't covered. We've been laser-focused on 2024 swaps and treasury. So let me just add something that we've included in the appendix on Slide 20, which just gives you some sense of maybe some repricing opportunity in 2025 as well. And that is about $20 billion of additional asset repricing that comes next year. Those yields are low 3%, and that comprised of $5.2 billion of swaps coming off at $180 million. So some more swap pickup, not as meaningful as what we're seeing today, but not unmeaningful at those levels. Another $11 billion plus of fixed rate loan repricing that are coming off at 4.15 and then $4.2 billion of fixed rate securities that are about $275 million. So definite opportunity there. You'll also get the full year move and impact of the fourth quarter treasuries that will come off the books and swaps and then as rate cuts come in, we'll have the full year 2025 to deploy that beta into our consumer book. So I do think there are headwinds or tailwinds for us, sorry, as we get into 2025. And I think we have confidence we'll be able to grow loans and add clients on the commercial side as well.
Clark H. I. Khayat: And the only other thing, Ebrahim, I just follow on from the financial standpoint, we built the reserve very strongly over the last 12 months. We came in, I think, solidly in net charge-offs and provision in the quarter. We do expect some normalization. So we'd expect net charge-offs to pick up in the back half. That's, I think, fairly consistent with where we've been. We're comfortable on our 30 to 40 basis point range. I did say last month, we probably tend to the higher end of that, but that's really a denominator issue on loans versus more charge-offs than expected.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. So -- thanks, Scott, for the question. So one, I'd say, look, we're always -- we're always trying to grow operating accounts and checking accounts. So we're going to -- we'll do that kind of regardless of what we think is happening on the asset side of the balance sheet. We did mention we added a little bit of CDs intentionally just to get ahead of what we think are some tightening liquidity expectations. And if we don't see loan growth for whatever reason, and again, we don't expect that, we do have some funding optimization, whether it's continuing to drive down the brokered CDs or our FHLB advances. So we think we'll have some opportunity to do that. We have built the cash position. So at the end of the quarter, we were kind of in the $15 billion range. So that gives you some indication of where that cash is sitting at the moment. But I would say just on deposits, maybe highlight a couple of things on where we see the back half going. One, I think positively in the commercial book, we continue to have very active dialogue with clients about their accounts, we've talked a lot about hybrids, for example. That continues to be a really good product for our clients and for Key, and we've actually moved pretty meaningfully the percentage of clients that we would deem as sort of index or index like. So as we have dialogue as they talked about rates, we've been able to move them to a more index-like product or structure with obviously anticipation of down rates. So we think that will benefit us when cuts start to come. And we're continuing to shorten the CD maturities, rates have stayed higher, so we haven't been as active driving those prices down, but we have been pulling in the maturities, and we do have a decent amount coming due here in the fourth quarter that we'll be able to reprice to the extent rates do come down. So that's kind of a long view on that, and we'd expect -- we've been pretty clear conservatively on down betas. If there's one cut, if there's a second cut we'll obviously have more opportunity to deploy that in the fourth quarter, but we still think we'll probably lag a little bit, but that will be a tailwind for 2025.
Clark H. I. Khayat: That should be a function of just where rates are as we do the calculation, but I can -- we can follow up and give you the detail on that. If the forward curve has come down a little bit, that would impact that.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Sure. So let me handle the first one, Erika. So look, on improved funding mix, we're still sitting on something on the order of kind of $7 billion of FHLB advances. So we have some opportunity to continue to bring that down. We brought broker down close to $6 billion over the last year, but still some opportunity to manage that as well. And then on the margin, we can kind of calibrate where we think overall deposit costs will be based on the size of the balance sheet and the loan book. So we do think we have some opportunity to do that and a little bit of leverage here in the back half of the year on maturities around things like CDs and MMDAs. So we're looking at that very dynamically. We're watching our loan pipelines as they materialize, and we feel like we should be able to pivot one way or the other based on how much traction we're getting on loans.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. And I would just add to that, right. We do have consumer loans that continue to come down, and that gives us both liquidity in capital to redeploy into commercial there. So to Chris' point, right, that's not something we're viewing as a limiter in the field. As far as the balance sheet through the rest of the year, I think relatively flat is a good place to start. As I said to your -- in response to your optimization question, that can move around a little bit, but I wouldn't expect it to be meaningfully large moves on earning assets.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. I mean -- and I appreciate your consistency on that particular item, Erika. It's -- look, it's something we spend a lot of time looking at and understanding which I think a lot of us did. We obviously had some peers do some things by the way, in places where we had already made moves. So auto in particular, where we had exited back in 2021. There are some opportunities for us to do that but frankly, we don't see a huge value in getting that additional CET1 at the moment. If something were to change, we know how to execute the transaction like that. We have a couple of portfolios that are likely prime candidates for that. But it's not clear to me at this moment that that's a lever that we need to pull to drive improved capital.
Clark H. I. Khayat: And Gerard, that portfolio that would drive kind of that financial concentration we've been in that 20-ish years. I think maybe there's one loss in that time frame, like literally one credit. It's super clean, great returns, and it is actually the portfolio that we entered into that forward flow agreement with Blackstone, and that was entirely to manage the credit risk concentration, not for any concerns about the quality of that portfolio.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, so today we are putting forward starters on in 2025 for the purpose of getting a little bit liability sensitive going forward, and we're putting those on kind of in the 4% range. So obviously, that depends on how forward starting and how long they are, but that compares to the 180 quite favorably, obviously. And even the 278 that sits out there in 2026. So definite benefit there. On the fixed rate consumer loans at 415, those are probably, well, one, the student loan market just isn't there for a variety of reasons, rates and sort of give an overhang and the forgiveness in the holiday from the government. But if you were going to put on kind of the jumbo mortgage market, that's probably in the 6.5% to 7% range, but that isn’t incredibly vibrant at the moment either. But those would be the kind of comparison points. And then on your -- yes, if you did C&I, you'd be at 7%. So that would be the way we'd probably think about that replacement rate. And then on the securities, that $274 today is coming on kind of 5.5 to 5.75-ish range.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, yes. Look, so we guided to kind of mid-50s. If there were no cuts, one cut will have a maybe minor impact on that. If that cut is in December, it is just not a lot of time to implement that. And the reality is, I guess, technically, if that cut occurs, the beta cycle is sort of over so the question is, is your beta on that first cut positive or negative. I think it would be in December, again, not a lot of impact. If we do get a cut in September as well, as I said, I think you're going to have a little bit of drift just by nature of the stickiness of the consumer book, but we think we'd have kind of a plus or minus 20 beta coming down. What that does on the overall cost, again, you get kind of into the technical definition of data cycles ending. But I think you'd see in a September cut rates start to really flatten through the back half of the year, whereas with one cut in December, they may still be up a bit.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Look, I think with two cuts we're going to be closer to the bottom end of our range. But I would tell you just from an overall health of the business, I'd take the second cut because I think it drives more loan demand, I think it buys more capital markets activity. I think it gets people more engaged in economic investment. So I think it's a trade we certainly would make going into 2025 versus, I guess, maximizing what's in the fourth quarter.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. And just to put it -- reiterate Chris' point there, it's just investment will be stable to up. It's just the lack of a clear takeout to fund that that will be the difference.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes, look. I mean it's -- part of it is there is a range, Mike. So where you land in the range is part of that. A lot of that, as we've talked about in the call, a lot of the increase is going to be structural to the fixed asset repricing. So the plus or minus pieces on that, I think, is largely going to be whether or not we have loan growth, but a little bit of that muted loan growth is offset by a little bit stronger deposit performance. So we hit both of those balance sheet components, one of the negative, one of the positives. And we think those are somewhat offsetting. So the amount of loan growth we see in the second half will be kind of the plus or minus on that range.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Sure. One, our consumer lending, we -- as you know, Peter, we don't have a huge credit card book. It's really mortgage, home equity, personal loan, student loans. That has an enormous amount of volume in the mortgage market, the jumbo mortgage market or nonconforming market or the student loan market, which is generally what has been on balance sheet for us. We continue to support clients where we can, particularly in held-for-sale mortgages, but I would suspect as we go forward, you will see us do -- and rates come down and those businesses get a little stronger, you'll see us support those clients very actively, but probably do a little bit more of that off-balance sheet. So we'll view that a little bit more as a fee income generators as we service those clients. We will always have some room on the balance sheet to accommodate good clients as it relates to nonconforming structures as an example. But that will be probably less so than it's been in the last few years.
Clark H. I. Khayat: Yes. I mean, I'd have to go back and look for sure, but you have student loans and mortgages, right. They just have structural paydowns every month. So we'll see that book continue to come down at a sort of normalized rate. I think it will accelerate as rates come down, but they have to come down quite a bit, frankly, for a lot of refi. So I think what you're seeing is probably illustrative of what you'd expect going forward. But definitely, I don't know of any unique thing that happened in the second quarter that would have driven consumer loan growth down more than expected.
Christopher M. Gorman: So Ebrahim, it's Chris. Look, couple of things, one, the normal migration from criticized to nonperformers, it's playing out exactly as we would have expected it to. Stepping back for just a second, our C&I book, 53% of it is investment grade, 70% is secured. And so most of them have very low utilization in terms of borrowing. So we start from a pretty good place. Your question is a good one though, as to where sort of the action is. And let me tell you where we're seeing some people impacted by the higher for longer scenario. Consumer goods, some business services, some equipment businesses. On the other side of the equation, we're starting to see actually healing in the health care sector. So think about seniors housing, think about facilities-based health care we're seeing that kind of going in the other direction. The other thing that we always look at is what's the mix of downgrades to upgrades and downgrades still exceed upgrades, but that ratio is starting to close. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. Obviously, C&I is a very broad category in general. But that's kind of sort of how we're thinking about it.
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure, Ken, it's Chris. Let me start by kind of sharing with you kind of what's going on out there in the marketplace because I think loan demand is pretty tepid across the board. And here's what -- as we're talking to clients, I think these are the unknowns that are keeping people from borrowing in general. One is just concern about the economy, what's the trajectory. The next is rates and it's two things. One, obviously, the cost of capital has gone up significantly as Fed funds rose from 25 to 525 bps, but on top of that, we've just had a lot of volatility in the 10-year. And so today, it's around 4.2%. I actually think we'll have higher for longer and I think once that settles in, people will borrow. But as I talk to clients, if they think that it's going to go down and they think rates are going to go down and go down precipitously, they're less inclined to make a move. Also, there's kind of a 12 to 18-month lead time around most big CAPEX and property, plant, and equipment projects. And people have kind of been putting those on hold. I think the election, I think that also is just another variable out there. A lot of these closely held businesses as they think about things like tax policy and the ability to take accelerated depreciation, so I think all of those are in the mix. The next thing that I think also impacts it is there's no question that the rate of inflation is coming down. And so people that were first during the pandemic motivated to kind of go long inventory because of the supply issues. And then they were motivated to go long inventory because of inflation, that's kind of wearing off. So what we actually saw was a contraction in our utilization rate by 1 percentage point. Going to your question about kind of what we keep on the balance sheet and what we place -- in the quarter just ended, we raised $23 billion for the benefit of our customers, and we kept 16% of it on our balance sheet. And typically, throughout our history, we typically would have 20%. 16% is up a bit from last quarter. So that kind of gives you sort of a flavor of what's going on. There is -- I sat down with all of our senior credit officers yesterday, and we are seeing in the marketplace some degradation in terms of structure. And as people compete for the loans that are out there, we clearly are not going to reach for structure at all. We don't feel like we need to do that. But that is an element, but it's not the lion's share of what's going on. On the positive side, we're starting to see transactional finance starting to come into the pipeline. For example, in our real estate business, 30% of the pipeline right now is transactional, which is a big change. So maybe hopefully, that's helpful, Ken, in terms of how we're thinking about it and what's going on out in the marketplace.
Christopher M. Gorman: Ken, we feel good about our capital position. Obviously, since the beginning -- since the initial proposal of the BASEL III Endgame, clearly, when the reproposal comes out it will be pushed out and it will be less severe. We had said initially that we had a clear path to get to where we wanted to get to on both a CET1 and a marked CET1, and that really hasn't changed. The other thing that I've said in the past is, I think as all these rules are applied, and there's a lot of question marks because we've got the long-term debt proposal, we've got the BASEL III Endgame. I think when you put it all together, I'm not -- I won't be surprised if most people are where we are right now where you have kind of a mid-70s sort of loan-to-deposit ratio. But that remains to be seen because we are yet to know we'll have to see how it plays out on a couple of these rules.
Christopher M. Gorman: And Erika, where we would expect to get loan growth are in areas where we've always been able to get a lot of loan growth, things like renewables that are -- where we're a market leader and those are project financings where we were not aggressive last year. And now we are things like affordable similarly and also sort of the health care area where there's just a lot of consolidation.
Christopher M. Gorman: I'll start with the first part of that. Our AOCI position has no impact at all on RRMs out competing in the marketplace. That's just not a variable for them at all. And to your point, under different -- under the two different rate scenarios we talked about, the difference is only $200 million. So it is a function of time, but it doesn't impact how we run the business day in and day out.
Christopher M. Gorman: Yes, well, we -- as you can imagine, we have a pretty detailed review of our pipelines for just the reason that you mentioned. And I look at pipelines, it's a combination of probability, time to time, times fee. We spent a lot of time looking at them. Will some fall away, I'm sure they will. Will some things appear that will be relatively short dated that we will close expeditiously. That will happen as well. But we sweat the details on these pipelines. Where we haven't been as tight, has been on some of the loan pipelines just because those that have a few more variables and people sometimes those deals get done away from you. But with respect to our investment banking pipelines, we're in good stead. Now if we have if we have a huge downturn and all of a sudden, the market has changed significantly, obviously, those pipelines can go away. But we feel good about the pipelines.
Christopher M. Gorman: No, there's not. And you asked specifically about loans to the private equity community. Obviously, those are in the category of leverage loans, and we are literally in this kind of rate increase. We're underwriting those literally every quarter. Are there some issues, has there been some migration, absolutely. But we're not concerned about that universe of borrowers.
Christopher M. Gorman: Hey John, it's Chris. We -- I don't disagree with your assumptions. But obviously, we're not yet coming out with sort of what our view is of 2025.
Christopher M. Gorman: Yes, Matt, it's Chris. That is the range that we believe will do -- our revenues will be in the back half of the year. We ended the first half of the year right around $300 million, and we've guided all along to $600 million to $650 million, and that's unchanged.
Christopher M. Gorman: Well, that -- one of the things we talked about in my initial comments is we're clearly really growing our mass affluent business. That was the business where we brought in 30,000 new customers and about $3 billion of total assets to Key. So that's really the -- that's a big driver of that line.
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure. Well, first of all, thank you for the question. The three things that really drive that are, as you point out, loan growth, your view of the macro economy, and then idiosyncratic to the actual credits. I could see a scenario depending on how this plays out, where we evaluate what the total reserve is. But I think it's premature right now only because it's still unclear to us exactly what path the economy is going to take. But as we get more clarity, we'll continue to evaluate it.
Christopher M. Gorman: Right. We've constantly been looking at it and adjusting it based on the three metrics that I just shared with you. One, our view of the macro economy; secondly, the size of the book, which obviously is going down in this instance and also just the idiosyncratic look at things like migration and what we have in terms of nonperformers and so forth.
Christopher M. Gorman: So Steve, the answer is, as we look forward, it will be a more normal expense year for the company as we continue to come out of the position that we're in. We have been investing though and the reason we've been able to invest is we took $400 million of expenses out last year just for the purpose of being able to invest in people and in technology and in the businesses that we're trying to grow like our private client business, our payments business, our investment banking business. So expenses will go up in 2025, as you see the pull-through of the earnings that we're talking about, but we have not starved the business. We've continued to invest in our migration to the cloud. We've continued to spend $800 million a year in our tech area. So -- but in order to be able to continue to invest in the business, I think you can imagine that expenses will go up in 2025. But it's not because of deferred expenses. It's just because business continues to grow.
Christopher M. Gorman: The answer is the 50% quarter-over-quarter is correct and middle market would be of total commercial, probably 40%.
Christopher M. Gorman: We did. And one of the things -- one of the reasons we felt that way, Mike, is that our exit rate was lower than our average loan rate, which was part of our thinking there.
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure. So as it relates to a depository, I don't see anything happening in the near future. I think the obstacles to completing a deal is, first of all, can you get it approved. Secondly, if you can't get it approved, how long does it take and what's left of the business after you get it approved. As I mentioned earlier, I think there's some real questions on -- everyone seems to be coalescing around the soft landing. I hope people are right. I'm not sure that, that's a fatal comply. And so I think as you're thinking about buying a business, you're buying a book, and of course, unrealized losses become realized losses. So for all those reasons, I don't see it happening in the near future. What I had mentioned in the -- on the call that you had sponsored as I said, with respect to First Niagara, we were able to keep the clients and keep the people and take 42% of the cost out of the business. And I think that's a pretty good business model in any industry. So I think that -- I think there will be consolidation. What I've shared with our team is I don't think there's going to be any consolidation until there's a lot. So I think that -- I think there will be consolidation. Where you will see us spending time is on these entrepreneurial businesses. I'm really proud of our ability to buy entrepreneurial niche businesses and integrate them into our business. That's really hard for a big company to do. And I think we've done it pretty well, and that would be things that we'd be focused on in the near and medium term.
Christopher M. Gorman: Sure. So the divergence, I'll start with the divergence. We are focused on certain industries. I think a lot of people had a pretty good quarter with respect to equities. We did not particularly just because, one, it's not a huge business for us. And secondly, equities teams tend to be issued in certain verticals at certain times. Where we have a strong backlog, and it's the most important place for us, given our middle-market franchise, Mike, is in M&A because our M&A business pulls through a lot of things like loans, like hedging. So that's where our pipelines are strong. The other area, we have a commercial mortgage business and as rates come down, I think you're going to see that business -- rates come down and stabilize. And I think you need both, candidly. For all the reasons I talked about earlier, I think you're going to see that really pick up in terms of what comes out of the pipe in the second half of the year.
Christopher M. Gorman: Well, the first parameter would be to really have a firm understanding of where the BASEL III Endgame is going to be because until we know what the phase-in period is and what capital is going to be required it's -- that's just -- I think that's a very important piece of the equation. And for us, obviously, we had mentioned we've been under earning. And as our balance sheet heals that will give us an opportunity at the appropriate time to revisit that. But we've been very clear, we're not going to engage in any buybacks this year for sure because we, in fact, don't even have a plan approved by the Board. But going forward, obviously, like everybody, we'll be taking a look at it.
Christopher M. Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to Brian and our Investor Relations team. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
