Don Kimble: I would say that at the end of the quarter, when we look at our commercial balances, it’s still in that 85% range. And we do believe that part of that decline, to be honest, is that we were a little stingy on some of our deposit rates and it’s part of our outlook for the fourth quarter of showing deposits increase. We really have two factors, one is seasonal changes, and then also, two, is to use some of that deposit beta and maybe retain or attract additional customer relationships that are non-operating.
Don Kimble: We will provide more on the 2023 outlook in January. But that -- you are right, as we look at how we are positioned with the benefit that Chris and I both referred to as far as just the short-term swaps and the short-term treasuries and those rollovers that we do believe that we are going to grow net interest income and margin even beyond that first half of 2023 and so even with this increased deposit beta. And so that was intentional on our part to have more of a long-term focus as far as how we manage interest rate risk, and we think that while it’s costing us a little bit on a relative basis now, we think that we will be recouping that throughout the later periods of 2023 and 2024.
Don Kimble: Sure. Maybe I can go ahead and take a crack at that, Erika. And I don’t have it broken out for C&I but for total commercial, the swap impact for commercial yields cost us 43 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. And so instead of the increase that you are seeing for commercial yields that just the actual loan itself would have translated to 116 basis point increase. And so I think that’s going to be much more consistent with what you might be seeing for some others that don’t have that hedge impact and so this quarter we did see that kind of relative change on that category as far as the impact from swaps. As far as that $1.2 billion that, it really relates to the swap book and the maturities and also the short-term treasuries. Those treasuries which total about $9 billion really mature throughout late 2023 and throughout 2024. The swap book between now and the end of 2023, we have got $7.3 billion of swap maturities and another $7.5 billion in 2024. And so if we just look at that time period for the next two years and using that same math as far as the re-pricing, we will have $900 million of that $2 billion annualized net income pickup occur in that two-year time period.
Don Kimble: Of the $1.2 billion, I am sorry. Yeah. The $900 million out of the $1.2 billion occur in that two-year time period.
Don Kimble: Yeah. A couple of things. One, our expenses were higher than what we had guided to for this quarter and for the second half of the year. If you look at the components of what drove that change and I will get to your question as part of this is that, there are three items that really caused our outlook for all of 2022 to be higher than what we previously expected. One is more a one-time item. We have got a pension settlement loss projected in the fourth quarter and also some branch consolidation -- not branch, our building consolidation type of costs associated with that and those two combined to $20 million. Outside of personnel, but within our operating losses, during the second quarter, we were seeing our operating losses from the prepaid card product come down through the second quarter and we expected that to continue through the third and fourth quarter. And what we actually saw was those costs actually go up and so it wasn’t a huge increase, but compared to what our relative positioning was and the expectation was for that category, it’s about a $30 million increase for the second half of the year expense structure for us. And the good thing about that is that we have taken action to address that and we will start to see that over time, but the other good thing is it has a limited life to us. These are related to funds that were distributed as part of the stimulus programs and they are winding down and so we don’t think that will have an ongoing impact with us. The third component, Erika, really is deferred loan origination costs and that cost us about $20 million. And most of that is with our reset of our consumer loan originations and the cost that gets deferred associated with that and so we will see increases from that continue for some time period because we are not seeing a return of the previous origination levels. So that will be there. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see our capital markets revenues pick up. And as we have said before, the incentive compensation expense tend to be correlated to the tune of about $0.30 on the dollar. So for every dollar of investment banking and debt placement fee increase, we will see that come through incentives. As far as where we see for other salary and personnel costs that, I would say, just looking at the year-over-year, adjusting for some of these items, I talked about for the deferred loan origination costs and things. Our total salary dollars were up about 10% and headcount is up about 5%. Now some of that includes some of the smaller acquisitions we have done throughout the year and so that does imply a 4% to 5% inflationary impact for some of the salaries. Some of that is because of the lower end of the pay scale continued to have increases, some of its market pressure and we will be working through that as we said, our expectation for merit increases for 2023 and beyond. And I think that the important thing here, Erika, also is that, we are very focused on driving positive operating leverage. We expect to do that this year and we haven’t given guidance for 2023 or beyond yet, but we expect to continue that through the next several years as well.
Don Kimble: And Gerard, you are right, there actually was some technical change in some of the FICO scores and I don’t know if it was by law or what, they had to exclude certain, like, medical-related costs or loans or expenses. And so if you would adjust for that, I think, today’s FICO score is, probably, 10 basis points to 15 basis points higher and the same would be several years ago and so instead of our 772, it might be a 760, which is still a super prime even in historic standards.
Don Kimble: We are continuing to review that on a regular basis. I would say that our ALCO committee as we get together. We tend to think that we are going to see rates higher for longer just given what we have experienced in the current marketplace. But even with that, you have seen a little bit of a tick up again as far as our forward starting swaps and that’s exactly the purpose of that, Ebrahim, is that we are looking to put on swaps that actually kick in as some of these will mature and start to lock in some of that forward benefit for us as well. And we are not ready to do a wholesale type of repositioning to achieve that, but we do expect to continue to use that tool over the next several quarters to help lock in some of that benefit.
Don Kimble: Sure. That -- as we look at our future security purchases, we are starting to put a portion of those into held-to-maturity, whereas it used to be primarily only into the available-for-sale. And so we are just separating some where we might want to have bullet maturities where we can do some end of life type of swaps attached to it that we need to keep those in available-for-sale as opposed to move them into held-to-maturity. The TCE ratio isn’t a high priority for us. Our main capital ratio that we focus on is the common equity Tier 1 ratio and some of the other regulatory ratios whether it’s Tier 1 or total. And so that’s why we -- you saw us take action in the third quarter with a preferred stock issuance and also a sub-debt issuance and we feel very good about how we are positioned across that capital spectrum. The other thing to think about, too, as far as the TCE ratio, if you would just back out the AOCI impact for TCE that would take our ratio up by 330 basis points, and so on that adjusted basis, which will all come back over time, because we don’t have risk of those investments not being paid off because they are all agencies or U.S. treasuries, we are going to see that realized and so that’s more of the area of focus for us as well.
Don Kimble: That’s a great question, Matt. And what’s ironic about this is, to-date what we have seen is credit spreads widen out for the investment grade companies that we serve and because they are seeing that in the capital markets for the middle market space, because of the competition there it tends to be more local. We haven’t seen the commercial spreads widen that much yet. We would expect that to pick up over time here. But near-term the spreads are holding in but not expanding on the commercial for the lower middle market customers.
Don Kimble: Well, it is for us, and I would say that, on the credit spread widening, we have probably seen a good 20 basis points of widening generally on pricing reflective of credit spreads in the market.
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as personnel, a couple of things that we have talked about is being one-time or just different. One is the pension settlement loss that we will have in the fourth quarter. The good thing there is that, with rates being higher, the threshold is higher for us to be in a position to have to realize losses in the future and so we do think this truly is more one-time. And as long as rates remain where they are at or even go a little higher, we shouldn’t see that come through as far as a charge. The one thing that you will see, Mike, is that a good portion of our long-term incentive compensation is tied to our stock price. And we want our employees to be shareholders and have a consistent objective to what our shareholders have as well. And so part of that incentive compensation expense does fluctuate from time to time with our share price and so our expectation and hope is that we will see our share price increase, and so from that, you will see the incentive compensation expense increase with that as well. Beyond that, Mike, that I would say, for the current quarter versus a year ago, as I mentioned before, the core salary line item is up about 10%, with about 5% of that coming from headcount related increases. Some of that’s from acquisitions we have done. And we had about a 4% kind of merit increase impact to that as well throughout the year and that reflects some of the experience we had for rightsizing the lower salaries, but also the market pressure that we are seeing. And so near-term, I think, we will probably see a little higher than our typical 2% as far as wage inflation going forward, but I think we will see that settle down. And as Chris has said, that we will continue to make investments in talent and especially in our frontline bankers and also in the technology space to continue to grow our business, but with that, we will be holding the people accountable to making sure that we are getting the appropriate returns on those investments and showing the growth going forward.
Don Kimble: Yeah. And then, Mike, as far as the margin expansion. I don’t want people to start thinking that we are going to be at a 3.7% margin, because our risk profile is much different than what it was historically and so it is relationship based. But we do see significant growth from that. And so one -- and just a simple math for that would be taking a look at our full year net interest income and if you just layered on top of that, the $1.2 billion that we talked about for the re-pricing of the swaps and the treasuries, that clearly gets you into the mid-3s and maybe not to the 3.7% range. But we would see some meaningful lift from here if the rates play out with this kind of environment.
Don Kimble: Yeah. That -- there’s really two pieces of our investment portfolio. One is the core book, which is about $40 billion and the other is the U.S. treasuries, which are about $9 billion. I think near-term and our outlook would suggest that we think that core portfolio will hang in there around the $40 billion level and so we think that’s appropriate just from a liquidity perspective and a balance sheet mix. For the U.S. treasury portion of the portfolio, we will make some assessments as that maturities -- as those maturities come through and we will get the benefit of whether we use that for future funding or we just go ahead and roll that into the core portfolio. And so, yet to be determined how that plays out, but I would say that, there’s probably less certainty on that $9 billion short-term treasury portfolio.
Don Kimble: The swap book assumes that it would stay the same and then on the treasury portfolio, it has either the assumed impact of rolling that over into more one year treasuries or using that for funding and it has the same net bottom line impact at this point in time.
Don Kimble: Well, I would say that, a couple of things we would have to know for that, when do short-term rates peak, because that’s going to be the main driver as to when that negative impact happens for the existing portfolio. And then as we have the rollovers of that book, we will be picking-up over 400 basis points on, excuse me, over 300 basis points on the swaps as they would rollover. And so that will help offset that, but it’s probably sometime in 2023 that we start to see that peak and move the other direction.
Don Kimble: And just to fund that our guidance for the fourth quarter is also 1% to 3% increase in our deposits. And if you go through the math, it’s a pretty close match there as far as the midpoints of both around that $3 billion kind of range. And so it’s -- we think we will be fairly close to funding that through just the core balance sheet growth. We have used other wholesale funding to help fill that gap in the last couple of quarters, but expect it to be more core going forward.
Don Kimble: Near-term we have been using FHLB advances and locking those into set maturities or term maturities. So we would probably continue that. And then, as I mentioned before, we are still yet undecided as far as the roll-off of the U.S. treasuries when they start coming through next year and then 2024 is to how we use those proceeds.
Don Kimble: Yeah. I don’t think there’s any cliff or any events there that, we still view the rates going up. We will still have a net positive even with deposit betas being higher than what they have been before, and then just the re-pricing of the swaps and the treasuries will be additive for us. And so we think that we still will be able to grow net interest income and margin throughout the next couple of years, even if rates do go beyond the current outlook.
Don Kimble: It tends to be more ARMs in 15-year. We do have some 30-year fixed in some of our doctor, dentist program that we have had. But I’d say, it’s a mix of those. And we would expect to see the fourth quarter origination levels be lower than what the third quarter was. It still is a core product for us and something that we had underweighted in the past, so we still think there is room for some modest growth in the balance sheet there.
Don Kimble: Yeah. As far as what we use as our baseline for our CECL reserves, we tend to start with the consensus assessments for Moody’s and so we did see a shift in that from last year to this year. I would say that Moody’s unemployment levels are using about a 4% unemployment level for 2023 and I don’t know that off the top of my head what the impact would be of seeing that going to 5%, because we would have to have the other components of the economic outlook. But I’d say that, if we look at where our reserves were back at January 1, 2020, I’d say that, the unemployment levels and economic outlook was a little worse than what we are seeing now today and our reserve levels there were about 10 basis points or 15 basis points higher than what they are today for us. So it’s a lot of moving parts and pieces. But I think that it’s not going to be a huge change, but still would be reflective in our reserves.
Don Kimble: I would say that we do have data for doctors and dentists programs both on the residential mortgage side and also for student loans. That history is continuing to be built out. We are using that insight in order to inform our credit underwriting decision. I don’t have the exact approval rate for loans. But you would probably assume that it’s fairly high given the nature of the doctor that we are approaching who is going from, say, $80,000 a year in compensation to $300,000-plus and has a firm commitment and a new assignment with a large hospital. So it’s -- I would assume that it could be a fairly high approval rate.
Chris Gorman: So, Steve, it’s Chris. A couple of things. One, when we were awash in liquidity, we were pretty disciplined about how -- what deposits we kept and what deposits we pushed out. So our starting point is a bit differentiated from where it’s been in other cycles. The other thing to keep in mind is that 65% or 60% of our deposits are both consumer deposits and our escrow business, which has significant deposits. And we have been really focused on -- our pillars have been focused on four things, one of which has been primacy for some time. So I think we are in a little bit different position than we have ever been in as the cycle changes. What we are seeing is that our cumulative beta is 9% through the first three quarters. We think our cumulative beta will be 15% for the year. We are projecting an endpoint on a spot basis of just above 30%. So we are anticipating a fairly significant ramp, but not the kind of experience that we have had before based on all the work we did prior to the interest -- the rise in interest rates.
Chris Gorman: John, it’s Chris. Good morning. So I think our efficiency ratio for the quarter we just printed was right around 58%. It’s not -- we do aspire to get to 54% to 56%. But as Don mentioned, what we are really focused on is positive operating leverage. And if you think about our capital markets business coming back, if you think about some of the many investments that we continue to make coming to fruition and you think about the trajectory that Don described from an NII perspective, obviously, that continues to move us toward that long-term target that you referenced of 54% to 56%.
Chris Gorman: Well, I mean, we are really kind of going into a bit of uncharted territory. I will tell you this, though, we have been pretty consistent in that our non-interest-bearing have been right around 32% and that hasn’t moved and I don’t anticipate that moving a lot as we go forward. And as I mentioned earlier, this deposit book has been pretty well scrubbed over a period of time. Having said all that, as interest rates continue to rise, some deposits that previously were deemed to be not interest rate sensitive will, in fact, be interest rate sensitive. And we saw some of that movement in the third quarter where some of our public sector customers that are more interest rate sensitive moved. So we are, obviously, watching it very closely and it’s certainly an interesting dynamic, particularly as the Fed unwinds their balance sheet concurrently.
Chris Gorman: So, a couple of things, our leverage book, Gerard, has been pretty consistent at about 2.5% of total loans. And what’s interesting about that is it’s been 2.5% even when we were a much smaller company. So that portfolio has a lot of velocity. It’s in our -- it’s in the segments in which we focus. There’s been some talk about some of the deals that are hung lately. We have just had just a de minimis mark over the last six months in that book. So we feel really, really good about that. Most of the growth that you are seeing conversely is really an investment-grade credit and the market was dislocated enough and our clients were trying to do things in an expeditious manner and we have really grown the percentage of our C&I book that’s investment-grade as we brought more onto the balance sheet. Right now, our C&I book is about 50% investment-grade, which is a bit of an outlier for a bank of our size.
Chris Gorman: For sure. I mean, our first stress that we always run is actually 300 basis points and we run a lot of stress -- other stresses. And when you get into anything that’s leveraged, we stress EBITDA and we stress interest rates, because that’s the danger of anything that’s leveraged as you have the concurrent decline of EBITDA and the increase in borrowing costs and we do a lot of stressing with respect to those credits.
Chris Gorman: I haven’t personally done the analysis but just because we look at the stuff all the time. I think there’s probably a lot of like they teach the SAP. I think there is some instruction on how to get your FICO score up. Having said that if you, think about the super prime customers that we are focused, on doctors, dentists, which for example, were 30% of our mortgage originations last quarter. We feel really, really good about our consumer book as we look kind of across all the metrics.
Chris Gorman: Sure. I will take that one. Clearly, I mean, last year and our view for sometime has been that these would -- that inflation would be persistent and that rates would have to be higher for longer. And if you go back to a year ago in September, when we exited indirect auto $3.3 billion portfolio, that was an area that we thought and I still believe will be under intense stress in the market that we are entering. The other thing that I always look for is any place that there’s leverage, and Gerard Cassidy, had just asked a question about leverage loans. That’s an area that we pay a lot of attention to. Another area that we pay a lot of attention to is just real estate broadly. And by strategy, we are focused on apartments, multifamily and industrial. Interestingly, those values are up significantly from pre-pandemic levels respect -- 15% and 39%, respectively. The other area where I think that there’s going to be a lot of dislocation is in office, particularly B and C class office, because those buildings are leveraged, and obviously, people have changed the way they work. That’s not a business that we are in, in any significant way. Although, we do have a $600 billion third-party commercial loan servicing portfolio, which is debt that’s off us. And now the second largest category below retail where you would expect that’s starting to go into active special servicing are these B and C class offices in central business districts. Those are a few of the places that I’d bring to your attention.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. I think -- I don’t think it’s a cliff event. I think it’s a slow burn. Because if you think about these B and C class office space, they have many, many tenants with varying termination dates on their leases. I think it will be a slow but consistent burn.
Chris Gorman: So I do. So where the activity has remained strong and we had a very good quarter in this area, it was areas like syndicated finance. So that area continues to be strong. The areas that are really challenged are is the public equity market. And that’s a market, unlike the debt market where it’s binary, either you can issue equity or you can’t basically and right now, you clearly can’t. The M&A markets, I am confident will come back. We are involved in a lot of these strategic discussions. And what’s happening, Scott, is if you are a buyer, you basically have sort of a free option. There’s no huge impetus to close. Everyone is looking out over the horizon and predicting a downturn, and so if you have a deal locked up, you sort of drag your feet and wait and see what the downturn is going to look like. Our pipelines remain strong in that business. We continue to selectively hire people. It will come back. I don’t think it’s going to come back. I don’t see any significant market change in the fourth quarter, by the way. But I do think that the business will come back. Having said that, I have been doing this for a long time, there’s an inverse relationship between the amount of time you have been working on the deal and the probability that it’s actually going to close and so I throw that out as a watch point.
Chris Gorman: The tipping point was, as we were in the pandemic and everybody was short on talent, we were getting more turnover from some of our contractors than frankly we wanted to get and we wanted to be able to literally have the continuity and we wanted to drive our strategy in a consistent way with leadership and so we made the decision in certain areas to dial back contract labor and to hire in. When I say its full stack engineers, the nice thing is that with some of the acquisitions we have made, Mike, we have the kind of leaders that can attract the kind of people onto our platform that we want as we go to the next level.
Chris Gorman: So what we -- on the loan growth front, we would not see the same trajectory of loan growth that we have experienced in the last couple of quarters. Our guidance for Q4 is 2% to 4%, Betsy. And we have had a lot of lift from -- on the consumer side over the last several quarters. I don’t see the same level of lift that -- so I think you are going to see -- we haven’t given guidance yet for 2023, but with respect to loan growth we are targeting 2% to 4% in the fourth quarter.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So for us it was driven really by the purchase, 87% of our originations were purchased, and this is a relationship based business, 30% were medical professionals. So ours will -- basically refinance business, Betsy, has completely dried up. I would envision from here that purchased mortgage continues to decline in this environment as we believe we are in for a cycle that’s higher for longer.
Chris Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team 216-689-4221. Thank you again. Good-bye.
