Chris Gorman: Well, good morning, Ken, so it’s a good question. Let me hit the loan growth kind of head on. We have always demonstrated an ability to grow loans. Having said that, sort of three things all have to be present for us to grow loans. One, there has to be demand. Right now, there is not a lot of loan demand out there. So that’s point one. You see it in kind of flat utilization among other things and not a lot of investment. The second thing is, it has to be in our clients’ best interest for us to, in fact, provide those loans. And you probably noticed that we raised $22 billion, but only put 12% on our balance sheet, and that’s because we can better serve our clients, whether it’s through the forward flow arrangement with Blackstone that you referenced or a variety of other markets. And the third thing is that they have to – the loans that are available to put on our balance sheet have to fit our risk profile and they have to fit our return requirements. And right now, there’s not a lot of loans like that from our perspective. Having said that, what’s interesting about bank loans is because there’s excess capacity, the best time to make bank loans is when there’s a downturn. And our house view is, we are going to see a downturn, and that will be a great time for us to really use our balance sheet. Your question, though, the implications of your question really are broader than just the loan growth. And let me just spend a little bit of time talking about how we’re positioning Key. We think that no matter how things play out, all banks like Key are going to have to carry more capital. And as a consequence of that, what we’re focusing on is really serving our clients through capital-light type businesses, specifically payments, which we’ve invested in for a long time, investment banking, which we referenced, our wealth business, which we think we have an opportunity to really grow, and lastly, something that we frankly haven’t capitalized on the degree that we could or should have to date, and that’s business banking. We’re a really good commercial bank. We’ve never really capitalized on the opportunity, in my opinion, to gather the deposits. That’s a business bank is a very deposit-centric business. So I just wanted to give you some insight of how we’re thinking about the business model going forward and how we continue to reposition Key.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So the first area that I would say would be people doing strategic things. So sort of the whole transaction business, which is just starting to get legs under it. We have a significant backlog, for example, in M&A. That would be an opportunity, John. Other businesses that are really capital-intensive where we have leadership positions in are things like renewables. I was out calling with our renewables team last week, incredible amount of opportunity. By the way, this is partially inflationary because there’s a ton of stimulus around green energy. That’s a huge opportunity. Affordable housing, still a huge unmet need that is very, very capital intensive. And then I think you’ll start to see people really start to invest in property, plant and equipment. If we continue to get an acceleration in inflation, you’re going to see people start to go a little long on inventory. Those are the areas where I think there’ll be opportunities for loan growth. We’re not really seeing those right now, but I think they’ll develop over the course of the year, John.
Chris Gorman: For sure. When you have record issuance of investment-grade debt and you have spreads that continue to grind in, there’s no question that, that plays a role.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So let me kind of start at the top. From a backlog perspective, we are at record backlogs in our M&A business. Our backlogs are above where they were a quarter ago and they’re above where they were at year-end. Having said that, when the 10-year is gyrating around as it is, if the 10-year was just at 4.6%, I think there’d be a lot of transactions. But I think any time there’s this kind of volatility, it causes pause on certain transactions. And so that was really the premise of my comment as we look at what will come out of the backlog in the second quarter. And I’m sure because the first quarter was actually hospitable to getting transactions done, I’m sure some that would have been in the second quarter actually went into the first quarter.
Chris Gorman: Yes. Actually, it was completely proactive. I just – I’m of a mindset that we’re in this higher-for-longer. And as a consequence, we have been stressing all of our portfolio. And we – any time we do that, we start with anything that’s leveraged because that’s most vulnerable. And we also focus a lot on real estate. And so as we go through and we make assumptions that perhaps these rates will stay where they are for some time, that’s what’s driving it. And also we made some assumptions about – my view is we probably will have a recession. And that’s part of the – my macro view is part of the calculus as well.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Let me start if I could on what we are seeing in our servicing business. Our servicing business as you can imagine we look at what goes at in and out of active special servicing and as you can well imagine office continues to be the largest area by far. We have seen some multifamily start to go into our active special servicing. Those are typically deals that we’re done it very low cap rates that were highly leveraged and as a consequence are very sensitive to the significant rise in interest rates. As it relates to our strategic reviews I mentioned we start with anything that’s leveraged, but a few industries that I would bring out to your attention, one, obviously is real estate we spend a lot of time like in a real estate very sensitive to interest rates. The other one is health care. Health care is an area where we have a very significant strategic hold and there’s no question that there’s going to be a lot of consolidation in health care because a lot of health care companies are under a myriad of cost pressures. And the other thing – area where we saw some was just consumer services broadly. Those are the areas.
Chris Gorman: So in terms of just higher-for-longer, as you look at our book and you look at 2024, higher-for-longer works just fine for us. That would – from an NII perspective, that would be the best outcome just from pure NII. I will tell you, I’d like to see a perfect scenario for Key would be a couple of cuts late in the year because I think that would be good for business, fees, deposits, transactions, et cetera. As I think about the economy, my sort of word of caution here is if you look at the labor market, the labor market is very strong by any metric. And I just think everyone assuming that there’s going to be a soft landing without damaging the labor market. I hope the markets are right about that. I’m not so sure. So that’s kind of – that’s sort of my thinking if that’s helpful.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So coming out – so there’s no question that 2023 was a reset year for Key for all the reasons that you just pointed out, and I’m really proud of what we did shrinking RWAs by $14 billion, taking out about $400 million of expenses. Having said that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we now, Ebrahim, are playing offense. And what that involves is us leaning into areas where we already have, I think, a good competitive position, payments, investment banking, wealth, and I mentioned business banking as well. Because I think as we go forward, the loan-to-deposit ratios are going to be really, really important. We, as you know, have taken our loan deposit ratio down to 77 [ph]. I think kind of mid-70s is where people are going to have to be as you lean into these businesses that are really kind of fee-centric businesses. So that’s where we’re leaning in. That’s where we’re investing.
Chris Gorman: Sure. That’s a great question. Obviously, we, on a percentage basis, are more canted towards advisory. These are middle market companies, a lot of them aren’t going to the equity markets very often. And if there are huge equity deals, those are always led by both bracket firms. So ours is heavily canted towards M&A. The good news there, Mike, is that we’ve talked before, M&A pulls through a lot of the other things that we do, financing, hedging, et cetera. So we feel good about where we’re positioned. But the difference probably as you go – if you went through all the numbers, the difference would be that some of the largest banks, obviously, are the players in investment-grade issuance and the players in large equity issuance.
Chris Gorman: It would be the latter. It varies, Mike. But I did say that – our M&A backlog is at record highs. And for us, that is the most important. Because if you think about it, if you have the relationship, the M&A relationship by definition, you’re talking to in these middle market businesses, the decision maker. So, I feel good about how we’re positioned. But keep in mind, these markets things are not yet normalized. They’re getting back to normal, but they’re not yet normalized. And as I mentioned earlier, it isn’t the absolute level of interest rates that I think is – has a dampening effect. I think the volatility in interest rates forces people to the sideline and to wait things out. And so we need some settling in of rates. It doesn’t much matter, frankly, where that is. As I said, a four, six tenure would be just fine to transact. But what we can’t have is just extreme volatility.
Chris Gorman: Well, I mean I think if you look at our normalized investment banking, if you figure $600 million to $650 million in sort of normalized kind of times. And as you know, because you’ve followed us for some time, that’s been a double-digit CAGR. And there’s no reason why we can’t get back to that level of growth if you think about 10 years and you look at the 10 years prior.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So let me take the first one first, Gerard. So in a lot of cases, well, we have a relationship strategy, and we had these relationship review sessions where we see what kind of penetration we get. And often, we let bankers many times, it starts by sort of lagging into being a participant in a sector that we’re really, really good, and we think we can do a lot of things and have a lot of capabilities. And it’s just a matter of being really disciplined. And if we actually provide a loan, and I’ve often said a properly graded loan can’t return its cost of capital. And so it actually is destroying value unless you can cross-sell. We’re really proud of what we can do. But if we can’t penetrate that client, we need to exit that client to free up the capital to put it someplace where we can make the kind of returns. And so that was just the exercise. Obviously, it had a huge amount of attention and our time frame of acceptance contracted a bit last year when we were going through the exercise. As it relates to business banking, it is the same business as middle market, except that you need to be really focused on the payments piece because, as I said, they’re mostly deposit-centric businesses. And that’s the reason that we restructured in November of last year and put our payments business together with our middle market business. And we think that’s going to be critical to being able to go down market and really serve these smaller commercial businesses that we think we have a differentiated product offering.
Chris Gorman: Well, sure. Well, it starts with – and certainly through last year’s exercise, the first thing that we went to customers and said, we need your deposits. So it starts as simple as getting the deposits. And I think 86% or so of our businesses, we have multidimensional relationships. The next thing that we focus on is payments. We’ve been investing in payments for a long time and for these middle market businesses. It’s not just moving money around, but it’s providing information, embedded banking and so forth. And then, of course, we have the ability to help them hedge. We have the ability to raise capital for them. And then obviously, the ultimate is being able to give them strategic advice. We’re fortunate that because we’re structured around industries, we can do all of those things, but we can’t do those things if the company isn’t receptive to our ideas.
Chris Gorman: It’s debt service coverage. So – with the first thing we focus on is debt service coverage, and for purposes of this we completely de-link any secondary source of repayment and we assume that the only source of repayment is the primary source, and that, of course, is straight up cash flow.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So I don’t think those things are incongruent. We clearly are playing offense. We’re out hiring people. We’re focusing on the business that I’m mentioning. Having said that because of our business model we are not seeing huge loan demand and so if you think about utilization, we’re basically flat at 32% and we’ve been flat at 32% for the last few quarters. Our loan book is building, and there’s no question that our backlog is not – is higher than it was, but it’s not at historical standards.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So this is just a lot more formalized in that we actually work together, and we actually service it and we’re together focused on this certain asset class. But to your point, we’ve been distributing the preponderance of everything we originate forever, including to a lot of the credit funds. So it’s just – it’s a formalization and most importantly it’s a forward flow agreement. So whereas we’ve always participated on a deal-by-deal basis, this is an arrangement as we go forward.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So it’s a conservative perspective for sure. I’ll give you an example. We have – because I just looked through all these. We have a company that has a market cap of, say, $24 billion, but they’re having some near-term operational challenges. They, for example, would be on the list of criticized assets, just to give you an idea.
Chris Gorman: I think it’s both, Mike. I think I have not seen a lot of people making significant investments in property, plant and equipment and I’m not seeing people make significant investments in inventory, in technology and in people. So I think it’s a combination of both. I think rates clearly have an impact, but I think uncertainty as to the path and direction of the economy is also a factor.
Chris Gorman: No, I think it’s both. I’m not saying that they think we’re going to go into recession, but I think there’s just a lot of uncertainty about the path of the economy. Will the Fed engineer a soft landing, kind of very similar to the conversation we’ve been having this morning.
Clark Khayat: Yes. Hey Scott, it’s Clark. Thanks for the question. So look, we feel good on the guide kind of relatively stable, plus or minus 2%. That incorporates, as we talked about progression towards normalization. If we get something fuller, I think we can absorb that. Obviously, we weren’t expecting coming into the year to additional FDIC charge. So that’s an extra component. We will continue to look at ways to absorb that intelligently. But we think we can cover the impact of a strong investment banking year, which again, we expect to see even if the second quarter is a little bit later. So we did count, we think for that pretty well.
Clark Khayat: Hey Manan, it’s Clark. Thanks for the question. First of all, I think it’s just important to understand the rationale behind the partnership, and that is largely to support more clients not to manage capital or move loans off the balance sheet. It’s really for us, largely in our specialty finance area. That’s been growing very aggressively. It’s been an outstanding business, but we do think thoughtfully about managing credit concentrations, and this is the opportunity to do that and not limit the amount of clients we can serve. So I think that strategic rationale is really important. As it relates to underwriting, we basically run the business, do the underwriting, Blackstone has an option to participate in these credits if they fit their box. But obviously, if we entered and announced a relationship, we’ve been very deep with them on what the box looks like and what it reflects. And we think our business reflects market conditions as does their appetite. So we would expect this to go well. It’s a one-year deal, and we will test the relationship over the course of the year. We hope it goes very positively because if it does, we’re supporting a lot more clients and prospects in growing our business. And again, given our we think differentiated distribution model; we don’t necessarily always need to grow the balance sheet to grow the business. But this is a case where we would expect to actually do both. We’d expect to continue to grow this portfolio, but moderate some of that growth with a partner, we’ll get a modest asset management fee to do that one that we think makes sense to both sides and again we’ll test it through the year and if there’s more opportunities to do this with Blackstone or others will investigate those were they allow us to serve more clients and serve them better.
Clark Khayat: Yes, I mean last I check, Blackstone wasn’t in the business of taking deposits or providing payment services and we are, so we like those kind of deals.
Clark Khayat: Yes. And on – Mike, it’s Clark. The only other point I’d add there is that a lot of the volume in the first quarter was $10 million plus deals or very, very large cap. And while we do some work with them, we are a middle market-focused bank. So I think that’s some of the delta and things like M&A.
Clark Khayat: And Peter, I might just say, sorry, it’s Clark. I might just say thematically, and I think Chris has hit this a couple of times, but maybe just to summarize a little bit. I think for us, when we say we’re playing offense we think that looks like disciplined loan growth in our targeted verticals, which we’ve been, I think very consistent about over time. I think it’s funded by quality deposit growth from commercial and consumer clients. And it’s monetized through a series of we think leading fee platforms that build that broader relationship. So we think that’s the recipe. And when we’re doing those things and they don’t always come together and they don’t always come necessarily in that order. But when we’re doing and running our business in the relationship manner that we intend to, that’s what it feels like.
Clark Khayat: Yes. I’m focused on confirming guidance for this year, Peter, but it’s a totally fair question. I do think it’s a function a little bit of the shape of the curve and absolute rates. But as I’ve said before, I think based on the business model we have in a normal kind of upward sloping to at least flatter yield curve, I think that’s achievable. So it is a function, I can’t predict where that yield curve is going to be in 2025. But I think as our positions burn off, we get more to the type of balance sheet we want to have and you get a little bit more normalized rate environment, regardless maybe of even absolute levels of rates, but just direction of the curve, I think that’s very achievable.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So this is Clark, Janet. So we would be consistent with where we were before, which is kind of that $600 million to $650 million range. We think that feels right. We do think there’s upside to that. But as Chris mentioned, we’ll be down in the second quarter, I think that’s a function, not necessarily any one area because the rate volatility, I think is causing some hesitancy in a few different places. That doesn’t change our outlook for the year, but I don’t think at this point, we’re totally prepared to say that will go to kind of a full normalized view.
Clark Khayat: Yes. I think we’ll have to come back a little bit on office just to make sure we have those numbers right. It’s not a huge portfolio, and while we’re watching it, I just don’t have those details in front of me.
Clark Khayat: And Gerard, just on the concentration point because it is a concentration management tool, this allows us to do it kind of at origination and not in this book historically. We didn’t do a lot of syndications. We would do securitizations on a client-by-client basis, but that takes time as you know. So this allows us to do it kind of on the fly as we’re going and manage that concentration.
Clark Khayat: Yes. And just to be clear, as Chris said it’s the primary repayment for the risk rating, which is what gets the classified. We then take into account the secondary pieces when we think about ultimate loss content.
