Christopher Gorman: Sure, Peter. So we were fortunate to have growth really on both sides, both the consumer and the commercial side. On the consumer side, one of the things to keep in mind on our residential mortgage business is that it is a relationship-based business. Also, it's a business that's not very mature and that we just started it really in 2016. So it has a really good trajectory.   As Don mentioned, we had a very productive quarter. And frankly, the application backlog is greater going into the next quarter. So we feel good about that. The other thing that we've done is we've built it to really focus a lot on purchase. More than half of the business is directed at purchase, which is obviously more durable. Now having said that, we certainly expect like all mortgage businesses to be down in absolute terms, but we will gain share on the mortgage side.   As it relates to Laurel Road, obviously, we've got a really great niche there, and we're going to continue to play that where there's -- there's 1.1 million doctors and dentists in the United States, and we're going to expand it in early May to the 4 million nurses. And so I think that's a business you'll see us to be able to continue to grow.   Now on the commercial side, we obviously benefited from utilization that was up 200 basis points. So that obviously is a benefit. We also are in certain areas that are just very capital intensive. If you think about affordable housing and renewables, both of which we are in the #2 position in North America, those are businesses that are repeat customers, and we're able to provide a lot of capital to.   The other thing I would share with you, and I mentioned this in my remarks, if you think about going from 18% on balance sheet to 23% on balance sheet, due to some market dislocation, that in and of itself on $24 billion of capital raised is another $1.2 billion or so. So that's kind of on both sides, what's driving it.   One other thing I should mention, we also obviously entered the year with 8% more bankers than we had last year, which is also helpful. 
Christopher Gorman: Steve, we spent a lot of time when we were really -- we had so much liquidity. We spent a lot of time really focusing on what commercial deposits we wanted. And as Don mentioned in his comments, 83% of our commercial deposits are operating accounts. And so that's probably a pretty good place from which to start.  So having said that, there's no question that commercial deposits will have a higher beta than consumer deposits, and we will see how it plays out. But we feel pretty good about our assumptions with respect to betas and also the kind of composition of our commercial deposits. 
Christopher Gorman: I do think there's a risk, particularly if interest rates start moving up at 50 basis points at a crack. Actually, on our balance sheet, the more elevated deposits are really on the consumer side at this point. 
Christopher Gorman: And John, the only thing I would add to that is we will continue to invest in our business. And so that, too, we're obviously always taking expenses out, but at the same point, we're making investments. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure. So the first thing is we have several businesses that are really variable cost businesses. So Gerard, that's a huge advantage. That is why you see our expenses on a linked quarter basis, they're down $100 million linked quarter. The other levers that we have is we're always focused on continuous improvement. And every place we can, and this is not new, we've been talking about this for some time, we are replacing clumsy handoffs with software.  Front, middle and back office. And those continue to provide benefits. Other areas where we focus last year, for example, we had some kind of onetime things we contributed, for example, to our foundation in a large way.  So we had some onetime things last year. And then the other thing that I think is a huge opportunity for us on the expense side is just real estate. I mean the world has changed dramatically since pre-pandemic. And we, like a lot of people as leases come up, I think we've used the number of 25% of our non-branch, non-ops real estate. I think it's probably even higher than that. So those are a few things that we have going for us, levers that we can and will pull if required. 
Christopher Gorman: That's correct. We're committed to having positive operating leverage. And as I was just sharing with Gerard, we have a lot of levers that we can pull, including we could cease to make some of the investments we're making. We don't see that as the base case, but that's obviously an option that we have. 
Christopher Gorman: Sure, Mike. And as you know, on Investor Day, we made some commitments and we'll be reporting on those twice a year, so we'll report on it for the first time this fall. But I can tell you to use your analogy, we are growing subscribers in our retail business, which is really household relationships. We clearly are growing subscribers as it relates to Laurel Road. It was a record quarter, both in terms of funded volume and number of new households. And the other equivalent that obviously, we'll be talking about is just the number of bankers that we have out on the street that then translates into subscribers as they're out calling on people. 
Christopher Gorman: We're not disclosing it until September. And then, Mike, what we'll do is we'll roll forward. I can tell you that it's up, and then we'll actually report on it twice a year, we'll report in September. 
Christopher Gorman: Matt, it's Chris. These loans are what you would typically see kind of in a multifamily environment. The affordable feature of it changes a little bit some of the economics. But actually, the lending parameters don't change. There's not a backstop per se. But as you know, we have dramatically de-risked our real estate book over the years. We have very, very little construction. At one point, I think we had -- going into the global financial crisis, I think we had like 42% in terms of construction. Today that is a high-single digit. So it's a very solid book with solid developers that we know. And it's -- as we've mentioned before, it's a huge unmet need that will, I believe, will continue to be funded. 
Christopher Gorman: Yes, Gerard, it's Chris. We clearly think there's a backlog. We've seen it before just when people thought the holiday was ending that we've seen ramp-ups. So I'm sure there are people out there that logically have deferred. And if and when it were to end, I think there's some pent-up demand. We've seen that play out with sort of the couple deadlines that have been out there and have been extended. 
Christopher Gorman: No, we would go after the entire pool of medical school debt. So there's the medical school debt that's with the government, and there's also the refinance debt. 
Christopher Gorman: Thank you, operator. And again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you so much. 
Donald Kimble: The other thing that I'd like to highlight there, too, Peter, is that within that other income category, we did have losses of about $25 million this quarter compared to gains in previous 2 quarters whether it was year-over-year or quarter-to-quarter, and we wouldn't expect those to continue. And then we're also expecting to see continued growth in a few of our categories we've talked about before with the wealth management, asset management, investment services and cards and payments-related revenues as well, and we think will be nice additions to that growth for the second quarter through the fourth quarter of this year. 
Donald Kimble: Sure. As far as the deposits, we have about $150 billion of deposits for the first quarter. With our guidance being up low single digits for deposits compared to the previous year, that would imply deposits remain around that same general range. What we're seeing is nice household growth in our retail business, and we expect that to continue. We're also seeing growth in our core operating accounts on the commercial side, where up to 83% of our commercial deposits are our core operating account balances, and so that's very important for us. And so we expect that to continue to grow. Where we saw seasonality this quarter is that some of our state and government-related deposits and also some of our escrow deposits are at seasonal highs in the fourth quarter, and we do see those come down a little bit in the first quarter.   And then we would see pressure for some of the excess balances outside those core operating accounts going forward, which would be offset by the other growth that we would expect to see by growing the households and new commercial customers. As far as the rest of the balance sheet, our long-term debt did decline a little bit. I would say that we'll be probably seeing a few issuances here over the next few quarters and probably especially in that Tier 2 category as we're focused on continuing to support that capital with the balance sheet growth that we are seeing.   So we think we're in good shape as far as the deposits, pleased with the trajectory we have, and I'm more pleased with the customer growth we're seeing there as well. 
Donald Kimble: We would expect some growth in earning assets. That's correct with the loan growth assumptions and seeing some modest growth on the liability side, correct. 
Donald Kimble: Yes, we've talked before about -- for the investment banking fees, for the capital markets revenues overall. There's about a 30% correlation with just the incentive compensation alone. And so you saw that clearly in our numbers for this quarter. Our incentive comp numbers were down linked quarter and year-over-year given the production overall. And so there is that variable component to the business. And as Chris mentioned, we have been adding senior bankers. And we still expect that we're going to see growth opportunities going forward. And so we'll still expect to grow that. But if we see a different economic outlook, we can toggle back on some of those investments if we just don't see the opportunity and return for those investments near term. 
Donald Kimble: Well, Steve, what we are seeing is strength in the pipelines. The pipelines are up year-over-year. We're seeing activities still going forward. As far as the first quarter, on March 1, we were thinking in IB&D fees would have been about $40 million higher than where they actually came in at. And so we saw a number of transactions basically pushed and so we're seeing some of those close here in the second quarter. But our outlook would essentially be that based on the pipeline, we're going to see it recover to where we would have expected going into the year for the second through fourth quarter.  But I don't want to make a commitment that's going to be up year-over-year. Some of that is based on the market volatility that we're seeing and seeing what's going to happen from this point forward. But we are expecting to see a significant pickup from the first quarter levels for the rest of the year. 
Donald Kimble: Steve, I think what we've got here really is showing strong growth in our revenue outlook. The fee income category we're showing moved down as far as our outlook for this year, which implies basically the January 1 guidance adjusted for the actual results in the first quarter. So that's not assuming that we make the recovery of that shortfall in the first quarter, but we think we will show strong growth from here and excited about the pipelines and the prospects from this point forward. 
Donald Kimble: That's correct. It's up 8 additional rate moves and -- or a 25 basis point increase. There might be some 50s in there that we would expect, and it gets to a Fed funds rate of 2.25% by the end of the year. 
Donald Kimble: Yes. There is some of the range there. I would say that keep in mind, too, the impact for the first quarter wasn't all IB&D fees. Some of it was the market valuation adjustments. And there really isn't any IC attached to that. We don't pay on those revenues to any of our business units. And so there isn't that correlation. So only a portion of that was the timing within the IB&D fees. And so if you look at our outlook for expenses going forward, there is an increase assumed there for the second through fourth quarter compared to the first quarter levels, and that's reflective of the increased revenue that we're expecting throughout the capital markets areas. 
Donald Kimble: Yes. The CRE growth that you're seeing really is because of the affordable housing that we're seeing come through. And so we are seeing growth there. I would say that as far as the prospective growth, it's really reflective of what we've seen over the last 3 quarters. Each of the last 3 quarters, we've grown our average loans about 4% from the previous quarter and annualized about 16% clip. I would say that in the third and fourth quarter of last year, it was more focused on the consumer.  We did get benefit this quarter from commercial with the utilization rates picking up 200 basis points. And so that also grew at a 4% clip. Going forward, we think that split will remain fairly consistent, both commercial and consumer showing about 4% growth rates to end up being that mid-single-digit kind of -- or mid-double-digit kind of growth adjusted for PPP and indirect auto. 
Donald Kimble: Yes. The liquidity to work in higher-yielding areas is in the loan growth. And what we're seeing on the commercial side is spreads are still a little tighter today than what they were a year ago. But we're seeing a decent pickup there compared to what we're yielding on cash or the short-term investments we have in the portfolio.  As far as Laurel Road, we target a price spread to the cost of funds for that type of asset duration of about 200 to 225 basis points. And so if that were a fixed rate loan and an average life of 4 years, you would have something in the 4% type of handle for the yield there. And with the residential mortgages, we're seeing a nice mix of ARMs and 15-year product. We do have some 30 year of jumbos, but those are declining, and those will be consistent with what you would see in the jumbo rate market going forward. So that's just a little bit of flavor as far as the spreads. 
Donald Kimble: Sure that one, on the $45 billion in AFS. Keep in mind that about $9.5 billion of that is in short-term treasuries. And so we bought those throughout last year and had a life of 2 to 3 years. And so we'll see that burn off over time. Another $2-plus billion is in the securities we had from the indirect auto securitization transaction. And so we'll see that again wind down over time.  And so the majority of the growth that you would have seen in that category compared to a year ago was from those 2 areas. And so it was fairly stable, absent those 2 changes. With that, we continue to evaluate whether or not we should have new purchases going into held-to-maturity versus AFS. We'll continue to reevaluate that. But economically, it's not much different for us as far as where it sits. There is an accounting implication to it. And we're seeing the impact of that through the AOCI that it's up over $2 billion linked quarter, and it's driven by both the marks on the investment portfolio as well as the swap book.  And compared to our peers, we have a higher percentage of assets in that category or those categories. And that really reflects the impact of our balance sheet overall. Our loans are about 70% floaters and 30% fixed compared to most peers who are at 50-50. And for whatever reason, the loans don't get mark-to-market and -- but the investment securities and swaps do. And so it comes through a little bit disproportionate for us as well. 
Donald Kimble: I apologize, Gerard. The short-term treasuries had a yield of -- a maturity of 2 to 3 years. The overall duration of the portfolio now is close to 5 years. And it would typically be buying CMO structures that are in that range, and we do buy some 15-year pass-throughs there, but that would also be around that same type of duration. And if we look at the yield on those new purchases going forward, it's currently in that 3% to 3.5% range. It will be a nice pickup compared to the 2% yield that we're seeing on the runoff of the existing portfolio. 
Donald Kimble: It's a loaded question there. I'll try to take care of those, Erika, in order here. But as far as the average balance sheet growth year-over-year, I think that low-single digits or about 2% growth is appropriate. I would say that the incremental growth from here probably is lower than that, that would be implying that our deposit balances are relatively stable, and we will have some growth in some of our debt but not a lot.  As far as the cash position that what we've talked about before is that cash plus that short-term treasury position is really a view of our excess liquidity. And so that was about $20 billion at year-end, and it's about $12 billion on a combined basis here at the end of the first quarter. We do see that cash position coming down from that $3.8 billion. We typically run that in the $1 billion to $2 billion range. And so we would expect to see that come down, but not dramatically from where it is today.  And then as far as the impact for net interest income for a 25 basis point increase in rates across the board, it would be upper $50 million range as far as the NII impact. As far as the NIM impact, I'd have to go back and work through the math on that, but it would be based on that same upper $50 million range. We are forecasting that over the next early rate increases, deposit betas will be low. And as we mentioned in the speaker notes that second quarter, we would expect deposit betas to be in the upper single digit range and then transitioning into the 30% range in the second half of the year.  So we would expect to start to see that deposit beta pick up, as you would see rates go up that 100 basis point plus range compared to where we started the year. 
Donald Kimble: I would say that compared to where we were before, that 30% is a strong number and is reflective of what we are expecting for that commercial performance given that strong operating account  level and many of our commercial deposits are contractually set as far as how they reprice based on changes in rates. We do think there could be some upside. We think it's a reasonable forecast given the pace of rate increases and what we're starting to hear or speculate as far as the market change overall. 
Donald Kimble: A couple of things on that, Mike. First quarter, we would have expected to see some decline in our operating leverage compared to the year ago first quarter that we knew that we had some gains in the first quarter of last year in that other income category. And so we thought we would see some pressure there. So our initial outlook would have suggested a positive operating leverage without the changes that we just made. And to your point, Mike, we are forecasting a better PPNR and therefore, better operating leverage number for us with this outlook, including the rate changes in our balance sheet growth than what we had before. So we think that's a real positive.  And I think that to your point and what Chris had answered before, I think some of the strength in the model and why we have confidence in our ability to achieve that positive operating leverage, is many of our growth categories are highly variable. And so if the growth doesn't come through, we'll see the cost come down because it doesn't come through there. And so, we feel confident in our ability and I think we've got 17,000 LeBrons running around here trying to deliver our business and have success. So we're optimistic about where we're going forward. 
Donald Kimble: Sure, can. As far as what we've done that we have shown some of our asset sensitivity come down a little bit, and that's just based on some of the position that we did throughout the quarter. One of the things I think is unique for us that's helping us position the balance sheet and helping us position our earnings overall is that we had about $6 billion of CMBS agency securities in the portfolio where we did a forward starting swap for those that actually converted those to floating.  We actually wound down about $3.5 billion of those swaps in the first quarter, and we'll unwind another $2.5 billion in the second quarter. With those unwinds, it really converts that floating component to fix and adds an additional 75 basis points in yields that $6 billion over the remaining life of the securities. And so we think that will be a nice lift up for us going forward.  On the overall swap position, it was fairly stable for the core cash flow swaps we use for asset liability purposes and we'll continue to reassess that. And we'll start to think about how we can manage that position overall. As far as the rate changes since quarter end, that's where we've been able to take advantage of that with some of these starting -- forward starting swaps, like I mentioned, and we'll start to see some of that help the position overall going forward as well. 
Donald Kimble: Betsy, I don't have that exact math right now. But we can go through that and let you know. But I would say that our rate position and our outlook for NII going forward would not be changed from -- reflecting the current rates and current curve today compared to what it would have been as of March 31. 
Donald Kimble: Sure that you hit on all the levers that we're looking at, essentially that we would see that cash position come down a little bit from where it is. I would say that the bond portfolio puts out about $1.8 billion to $2 billion a quarter of cash flow just from maturities. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, we would expect to have some debt issuances through the second and fourth quarters of this year to help reset that. And so all of those combined will be used to help fund some of that future growth and are reflected in our forecast. 
Donald Kimble: Well, the forward starting that we didn't close out by the end of the first quarter was $2.8 billion. And then the other component, I think we've got about an additional $1.5 billion that are forward starting that will start later in the year that are already reflected in that but will be fully phased in by the end of the year. 
Donald Kimble: We could see that continue to trend down a little bit. We tend to be focused on about a plus or minus 3% range. And depending upon what we're seeing for our expectation for rates versus what the [ market ] would have, I think you could see that close down a little bit but not a lot from that 4.4% level. 
Donald Kimble: There were some loan fees there, but more of it, Matt, was in derivative production that we saw in the quarter and have seen over the last couple of quarters going forward on that category. 
Donald Kimble: That's a great question, Brian. I would say that our -- as you suggested, our primary focus is on Common Equity Tier 1 ratio. And that's the one that we're managing to and using. And so that's our focus as we look at our capital priorities as far as supporting that organic growth, making sure we maintain that strong dividend and then using share buybacks to manage within that range. The TCE ratio is clearly impacted because of the dramatic change we saw in rates. What helps us in that side is that as I mentioned before, between those short-term treasuries in the swap book, 1/3 of that AOCI adjustment actually goes away in the next 2.5 years.  And so we'll see that burn in fairly quickly. And so that will help us in deciding what's the appropriate level of TCE. We do watch that. We do pay attention to it. We do have some goals and objectives there as far as we don't want to see it drop below certain levels but we're still above that threshold, and it hasn't required us to make any additional changes to how we're managing our capital or overall balance sheet. 
Donald Kimble: Typically before last year, we would have seen something in the 20s for that category. So it's more of a split the difference there, like you said, Scott, and that would be our expectation going forward. 
Betsy Graseck: I was looking at the Slide 18 on the [ ALCO ] position. And I know earlier, you spoke about this with Gerard as it relates to the quarter. I just wanted to understand how the changes that you've made in the ALCO book are likely to impact not only NII over the next -- the rest of this year and into next, but also the AOCI because it looks like you've done some stuff to try to protect against AOCI risk in 2Q. And I raise it because obviously, we all know the 10 years backed up since March 31. So some color there would be helpful. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So based on the backup and long end that we've had since March 31, how much less impact would you say you'd be exposed to if this rate is what prints on June 30 relative to what we experienced in 1Q. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just other question I had is on funding the loan growth that you're looking for in the rest of this year. It seems like in this quarter, there was a partial funding from deposits, partial funding from cash. And I'm just wondering if I'm thinking about the rest of the year, given that you're looking for deposit growth to slow and really, as you mentioned earlier, be flat here from here on. How are you thinking about funding that loan growth? Is it drawing down more on cash? Or is it more drawing down on securities or just the cash flow from the securities book, would be helpful. 
