Beth Mooney: Yes, Marty. This is a cash acquisition for us and it is an opportunity for us to build out a differentiated platform and consistent with our desire to expand our industry verticals, so it will be cash. It is not a material transaction in terms of its size, but we think it's significantly proceeds its size for what it's going to do for us within our Corporate banking platform.
Beth Mooney: Marty, we have always said that one of the opportunities we will have through time is how we can deploy some capital, not only to support organic growth, but you've seen us over the last couple years deploy capital for commercial mortgage servicing, we brought back in our credit card portfolio. So yes, some piece of the advantage, I believe, that we have is the levels of our capital will both support inorganic growth, organic growth, as well as, clearly, a high priority, which is return of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
Beth Mooney: Keith, I'll go ahead and take that one. Hassle-Free is a new account offering for us that we put into the market and supported, obviously, with our increased marketing spend, was to promote that launch as well as what is always our spring home equity borrowing season. It is designed for ease. It is designed for convenience. It is designed to help create utilization of lower-cost channels and alternative channels, such as online and mobile. It has been met with good market receptance. We're only six weeks or so into the launch, but have had a meaningful increase in overall traffic, number of new accounts, and it is both an attractor of new clients. But it is also an opportunity, as we get them in, to profile and cross sell. I would tell you we are very encouraged by early results, and it is, like I said, still early days, but it has been a very positive market positioning and market reaction for us.
Beth Mooney: Nancy, I would just add that I think one thing that we've all talked about over the last year, and I know we've commented on our calls, that the competitive intensity in some way seems to intensify as you go down in size of asset and market company, because the field of competitors broadens out from community banks, regional banks, large banks, non-bank competitors. That is an area where we see, actually, a high competitive intensity. You mentioned the Midwest. I would tell you it's not geographic per se. I think it is a function of how many competitors are in a market and there's just a broader set for the middle market in small business lending.
Beth Mooney: Nancy, I would just add that our mix of deposits has changed dramatically and to the better over the last couple of years where we have really brought in core relationship deposits of both our commercial and consumer businesses. As Don mentioned, some of those companies are carrying higher levels of liquidity that they may draw down some as the rate cycle changes, but I think they will forever hold more liquidity than they did in the past. Indeed, Hassle-Free is yet another product to bring in core transactional relationship consumer accounts, which further solidifies the quality mix of our deposits.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Mike, I will go ahead address that. We do have a slide in our deck that we have used at investor conferences and in this call trying to help frame the 2 year to 3 year path, which is how do we move within the range of 60% to 65%? It clearly shows that we are projecting that over the next several years we will come down to the low end of that range. Additionally, as Don has mentioned a couple of times, it does not include the benefit of interest rates. So, that it is merely based on our attempts to grow our Company, appropriately manage expenses, do those investments that we believe are accretive to our platform in our business mix while offsetting normal cost pressures. We see ourselves coming down to the low end, and if you overlaid the forward interest rate curve, not speculating one way or another, but just the forward curve, it would show us going into the high 50%s. We are very, as you know, we have talked about it, conscious of the things we need to do to both operate our business, grow our Company, as well as continue to become a more efficient and effective Company.
Beth Mooney: We always, when we do our reviews with the Board, do have a 2- to 3-year view of the business trends, so we have shared this with them in our strategic reviews.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. We thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions you can direct them to our Investors Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks for this morning, thank you.
Don Kimble: We continue to move for additional efficiency gains and they could be lumpy at times as far as their benefit. I think you highlighted some key points there that despite the fact that we had some increases in our marketing costs lean quarter and some other items like that that our core efficiency ratio did show improvement. That's something we're striving for over the long haul.
Don Kimble: Ken, this is Don. I may have misspoken on the call, but our growth in CF&A lending at one quarter is $1 billion and year-over-year is $3 billion. So, I want to make sure that that growth rate is actually at a faster pace this quarter than what we've seen in the previous couple quarters.
Don Kimble: Ken, we're still waiting for the final rules to come through, but if they come through in the line with our expectations, most of our effort is really shifting the mix of that investment portfolio away from agencies to Ginnie Maes. As of the end of the second quarter, we had about 31% of our portfolio in Ginnie Maes. We'll continue to take the cash flows from the portfolio and reinvest it that way, and that will take us north of a third of our portfolio by the end of the year, in that category of which we believe should position us well for LCR compliance.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. As we've mentioned before, it won't be a material acquisition from a pure P&L perspective. We would say that over the last 12 months revenues have been in the $80 million range. Just to give you a perspective of the size.Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Got it. I will follow up off-line, thank you.
Don Kimble: Yes, the leveraged lease transaction did have an impact on the tax rate. On a normal basis, we would expect that rate to be in the 26% 28% range, so that clearly had a benefit this quarter.Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks a lot, Don.
Don Kimble: This is Don. It really doesn't have much of an impact in the third quarter. Most of it was really just the gain realized this quarter and some slight impact future quarters, but not significant.
Don Kimble: Historically we've said that was a mid-teen type of number, but I'd say over the last four quarter, the average for that line item has been $22 million. Even though it was high this quarter, it was not that much higher than what we've been experienced over recent quarters.Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.:  Great. Then, the operating lease income line, I know you guys highlighted the $17 million termination gain this quarter. Is the right way to think about that line is take out that one-time gain and then that's in the ballpark or in the business is, assuming no further gains? I know you guys have had several recently.
Don Kimble: Bob, on that line item we also had an additional $5 million negative adjustment to some lease residual values. So I don't think you'd want to pull out the entire $17 million based on that.Bob Ramsey – FBR & Co.: Okay. That's good to know. Great. I think those are my questions, thank you.
Don Kimble: Nancy, you're right as far as the deposits have not been as much of an issue, that most banks have a lower loan-to-deposit ratio today than what they historically have had. It probably hasn't been that bigger as a pricing. If you look at the last rate cycle of 2004 to 2006, the change in our deposit rates correlated about 55% of LIBOR. So, we did see a beta of about 55%. We would expect going forward it would probably be somewhere in that range. And there are probably other components that we would expect to see, including some migration from some of the non-interest-bearing deposits into interest-bearing and probably some deployment of some of the excess funds that are being parked on balance sheets. Generally, we wouldn't think that would be a significant impact to our overall deposit position. 
Don Kimble: Sure. We have a convertible preferred security on our balance sheet. Once we hit an EPS level of $0.27 a share, the accounting rules change from taking your net income less the dividends to average shares to actually reflect that preferred as being converted. So, it actually has about 20 million shares to our base. Then, you basically don't deduct the preferred dividend in your EPS calculation. No significant impact in overall EPS, but it does show a little bit different geography as far share count.
Don Kimble: As far as the discontinued operations that this quarter we reassessed the valuation of the student loan securitization assets that we have on our balance sheet. What we essentially had as of the end of the first quarter was a net asset value of about $86 million. With more recent information that we have seen as far as valuations on recent transactions, especially in the private student loan category, resulted in us taking an adjustment to that valuation. That's what you've seen come through the discontinued operations line item this quarter. As far as the non-controlling interest that there really wasn't anything of significance in that $6 million adjustment.
Don Kimble: Nothing that would be worthy of calling out or saying that would be an expectation of continuing going forward, just a minor adjustments.
Don Kimble: Well, it would show through in a couple categories. It would be in the Investment banking debt placement. It would also come through the asset management and brokerage services. So it would also come through that trust and investment services income, which includes the brokerage revenue.
Don Kimble: Mike, this is Don. I would say the three biggest areas for us is continue to get more productivity, and so we need to get more from our existing resources including greater sales activity. We've seen some notable improvements in those areas already, and so were on a good path. I'd say continue to manage our expenses more efficiently. We're doing a lot of reviews of end-to-end type of process management and we think those will continue to have strong payback for us. As we've talked about before, Mike, I would say some of the categories of expenses that will reflect those benefits would include the personnel line item as well as occupancy. We continue to manage that down as well.
Don Kimble: I would say that, overall, our utilization rates are fairly stable, so it hasn't seen much movement as far as the overall aggregate utilization rate. We did see a slight pick up in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, but relatively stability here in the second quarter.
Bill Hartmann: Marty, this is Bill Hartmann. One of the things that we've seen is the focus that we have had in the last couple of years on our relationship strategy has really focused us on who we want to do business with. If you take a look at the portfolio that we had, we continue to see de-risking occurring in that portfolio. Part of that is driven by the improvement in the new business that's going in and part of it by the improvement in the existing portfolio.
Bill Hartmann: Ken, this is Bill Hartmann. We spend a significant amount of time each quarter evaluating the portfolio and what we think the expected losses are out of that portfolio in establishing the appropriate reserve levels. As we close out each quarter, just like we did this quarter, we think that it's set at the appropriate level, but we'll continue to evaluate that going forward.
Bill Hartmann: The conversations that we have with the regulators are very similar to what I described. They're not telling us that we should increase or decrease. What they are making sure is that were intelligent in the way we go about evaluating the appropriate level of our reserves.
Bill Hartmann: Mike, this is Bill Hartmann. If you take a look at the fact that we have a portfolio that over the last several years has been improving in quality. And you can see the metrics that flow through from quarter-to-quarter on things like nonperforming loan statistics, criticize classified statistics and the rest, and you've seen the reduction in the net charge-offs, you're seeing that improvement in the base portfolio. The new business is based on our relationship strategy, and so we are out and bringing new business in that is one, with the better customers on our balance sheet already and we add additional business with those customers, or new customers to Key that are part of the targeted strategies that EJ and Chris have. So, that natural mix has been occurring. The difference, the delta between those two statistics has been narrowing. Obviously, the portfolio that we have has been improving, and so the impact of the high-quality new business is not as great as it was a year ago.
Chris Gorman: Keith, it's Chris. To your point, we have not seen a lot of plant expansion. What we have seen is a lot of strategic discussions. Business is a dynamic thing. If you look at – I think everyone was a little disappointed with the growth rates in the first quarter, in terms of GDP. But like we are doing with our announcement of Pacific Crest, many of our clients are looking to grow strategically. If you look our M&A business, our fees are up, year over year, about 134%. I just looked at the deals that we had approved through our commitment committee. Those are up 29%. So, you have a situation where people are sitting on a lot of cash. There's not a lot of growth to be had and so people are looking to grow strategically. A couple other areas were think we’re seeing a little bit of pickup. Yesterday, in talking to our leader in our leasing business, we're seeing a pickup in terms of medical equipment. During the Affordable Healthcare Act and some of the uncertainty around that, that actually went down a little bit. Now, we are seeing investment by large hospitals. The other thing that I think we’re seeing a little bit of is, for the first time in a long time, people are starting to see a little bit of inflation in some of the raw material inputs that they need to run their business. Of course, that encourages people, a little bit, to go out and get some inventory.
Chris Gorman: Nancy, it's Chris. Let me speak from a corporate banking side. I certainly think that what we're seeing right now is consistent with where we are in the cycle. I don't think from either a structure or a pricing perspective we're seeing a lot of aberrations. Specifically, as we go to market based on industry verticals, obviously, that spans geography and what we see is healthy competition. But as I mentioned, we find that with our targeted prospects and clients, we are able to garner new clients. We're able to win business, so we don't see it as particularly challenging vis-à-vis other cycles. The one thing I would say, and EJ Burke can probably comment more and Beth can comment more on this, I think as you get to smaller companies, I think the competitive dynamic is a little bit different.
Chris Gorman: Mike, just one other thing on the mix. For example, in our real estate book, if you look back three years we would have a whole lot of construction and less REIT exposure, and what we've done is it's been a direct shift away from construction to REITs, for example in real estate. That would be an example of the mix shift part of that strategy.
Chris Gorman: This is Chris. Actually it doesn't change our thinking with respect to footprint because within these businesses we've always gone to market through industry verticals as opposed to geography. As it so happens, we are in most of the cities that they are in, which gives us an opportunity to work together. Lastly, which I think is very fortuitous, Portland happens to be a very large base for Key. We like large bases because we think that teams of people learn from each other. And it just so happens they're headquartered in Portland and we think we can leverage that a bit, particularly through our Community bank.
