Scott Siefers: Hey, guess first question is on, sort of C&I utilization and the outlook for improving trends in the second half. So, definitely understand the rationale for it. Just curious, sort of what's giving you that confidence and I guess maybe more specifically, are you seeing any pickup in utilization or did you see any throughout the courses of the second quarter? Just maybe any color there would be quite helpful.
Scott Siefers: Yeah, sorry. More specifically it says the 3.13 yield on securities available for sale versus like 1.76 in the first quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. I just want to make sure there wasn't some accounting change or something that was – was obvious that I wasn’t aware of. So…
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. So it, kind of as you think about and we always look at revolver utilization and see it in the C&I space. And so typically, for us, it's been mid-30s for a long time. It would have peaked last year at 40 when people were drawing on their lines, right. And it's been a steady grind down to 27, where we are now. Now, the good news is, is that it is stabilized at 27. And as we look at, kind of some of the metrics we think we've stabilized at 27. The other part of your question about what gives us comfort that we'll be able to have C&I growth in the back half, and you're right. We're guiding the relatively stable loans throughout 2021. Our consumer business will be the growth engine, but kind of the green shoots so to speak that we see in C&I are sort of as follows. Leasing, which we think is a leading indicator. Our pipelines are up 35% year-over-year. And for us, Scott as you know, that's typically around renewables, technology, and healthcare, which are some of our focus areas. Other things that I think will help us is our focus on both technology and healthcare and also our subspecialties in renewables and affordable housing. And then lastly, the only other thing I would add is, our M&A pipeline is at record levels and that generally pulls through financings as well. That's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So, let me start with the mortgage and give you, kind of a flavor for that. Our mortgage business, which obviously has enjoyed a lot of growth, we generate about 55% on the purchase side. 45% is actually sold. About 70%, I'm sorry, 55% is purchase, 45% is refinance, 70% is on balance sheet. And interestingly, as it ties into the discussion we were just having, about 20% of that is to doctor's just as a point. So, we're expecting that business to continue to grow. As I said, we originated 8.3 billion last year, and we will exceed that this year. Laurel Road continues and as I mentioned, in spite of the loan, federal loan holiday, they continue to generate good numbers. This quarter they generated about 400 million of new loans. And we would expect that to continue to grow as well.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So, you kind of have to bifurcate the two of them. We've seen strong growth, kind of across the board in cards and payments. The spend, both credit and debit is up about 25% Peter year-over-year. Now, as it relates specifically to prepaid, and keep in mind, our prepaid assume that our revenues and expenses about equal each other, we would expect prepaid to wind down, but we would still expect to see growth in cards and payments based on the underlying growth of the other pieces and parts of the business.
Chris Gorman: Yeah, and it's – first of all, it's a great question, and it's one we look at all the time. Clearly, that business does have operating leverage, you can think about, you know, half of about $0.50 on the dollar falling to the bottom line, just as a rule of thumb, that obviously depends if they're M&A revenues, if they're financing revenues, it's fairly complex.  The other thing that is in there, Gerard, that is part of the equation is we continue to invest heavily in new bankers, and typically new bankers, you have to pay a little bit of money upfront. And we always think it takes about 18 months on our, you know, very intricate platform to be really, really productive. So, part of what you're seeing is a lag that's part of the hiring that we've done around in the business as well.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Tim. Well, thanks for the question. Just to give you kind of a starting point, right now, the nice thing about that business is we already have a fair amount of critical mass. We've got about 46,000 we call the members, customers. And we have since legal day one, we've funded about [$5.3 billion]. I think what you'll see and what we're going to do as we go forward is to lay out sort of the path for growth for Laurel Road. But what you'll see is we’ll continue to capture a lot of clients, and we will see it being a material contributor to Key as we go forward.
Chris Gorman: I don't have the deposit numbers in front of me. I know that half of our new customers, which we said were 2,500 were multiple product customers. But you should assume that the $400 million that we originated in the second quarter relates to Laurel Road for Doctors.
Chris Gorman: Yeah. So, that's a really interesting business for us, Janet. We are servicing and these are loans that are [our first] loans. We're servicing $500 billion worth of loans, 330 billion were the primary servicer. So, think about real estate, principal interest, taxes, insurance. The other 170 were the named special servicer. So when things go into workout, we're basically the workout agent. And as you can imagine, at this point in the cycle, there's a lot of activity.  You might find it interesting that the percentage of things that are an active special servicing, 72% of that which is an active, special servicing is in the retail sector and another 13% is in lodging. So, it's an episodic business. It's not a business that you can count on, kind of a straight line, but you can imagine at this point in the cycle, particularly in areas, like, you know, like retail that there's going to continue to be a fair amount of activity.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. The comment I was making pertained to new households. And what I said is that we generated more new households in the first half of this year than we have in any complete year in the last in the last decade. So, it was really focused exclusively on consumer and specifically new household growth.
Chris Gorman: Well, good. Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team. Their number is 216-689-4221. Thank you for your interest and this concludes our remarks. Goodbye.
Don Kimble: I would say that, as far as the – actually, I'm trying to go back to the page you're referring to. I apologize.
Don Kimble: We'll have to get back to you on that, Scott. Because I would say that if we look at the total portfolio overall that we will see a yield closer to the 2.30 range overall. I would say that part of the first quarter of 2021 might be the impact of the short-term treasuries and would have had a change there. But we'll follow-up with you on that overall, because if you look at the net interest income for the first quarter of 2021 versus the second quarter of 2021, it's only changed by about $3 million. So, we'll clarify that for you. So, I apologize.
Don Kimble: We would believe that rates will help achieving each of those. I would say that just from the return on tangible common equity, though, that we had highlighted that we acknowledge that the reported isn't sustainable at a 22% plus range, but if you back up reserve release, I guess it’s a 16%. And even if you normalize the current quarter, for normalized credit cost of say, $80 million to $90 million a quarter, we're in that 15% range. And then if you adjust for our outsized capital position, that still brings us back close to that 16% kind of return on tangible common equity level based on the current year's performance. And so, as far as the efficiency ratio, we are down to the 59%, [59.9]. We also have some unusual activity in there related to certain government support programs, but those would normalize. We'd be toward the 59% range and would allow us to continue to make progress as we see enhancements in our operating results to drive that down closer to that 54% to 56% range long-term.
Don Kimble: Sure. You’re right there. We're seeing about $20 billion of cash. We also have about $5 billion worth of short dated treasuries in our bond portfolio as well. And so we do have plenty of excess liquidity. We would typically target say, between $1 billion and $2 billion of liquidity from that perspective. And so, even if we turned around and invest it in today's rate environment, it would be a meaningful lift. In the second quarter, we bought about $2.2 billion worth of securities that had an average yield of a [141]. Today's – our market environment would still have a, say 125, 130 range for the same type of securities. And so, if you look at a $20 billion of excess liquidity and apply that kind of a yield to it, it would be a lift of over $200 million, probably closer to 250, as far as the added revenues compared to where we would be today. And so that is meaningful.  That being said, we're still looking for opportunities to when we start to invest. We've been more holding water, as far as replacing some of the runoff with new purchases, but we do expect rates over the next several quarters to start picking up again and given us some opportunities to buy there. On the hedge or swap portfolio that you might have seen in the slide deck that we actually terminated swaps that were maturing throughout 2021. And so the value of those swaps – the notional value of the swap book has actually declined. We're not looking to add additional swaps, but we’ll continue to assess that and just assessing the overall asset sensitivity. Right now, we don't have a whole lot of downside risk because rates – even if they do go below zero, we have a lot of floors in place in some of our commercial portfolios. And so we're protected on the downside. And so, we're again looking for some more opportunities to start to deploy some of that excess cash.
Don Kimble: And Peter, just to provide a little more clarity there as well, that the prepaid revenues and expenses were both about $37 million or as the fee income and the expenses in the current quarter. And so we would expect to start seeing that line down throughout the second half of the year.
Don Kimble: Well, I would say there's a number of factors that impact that. One is liquidity levels, and that's been the big determinant, as far as the overall margin. And in this last quarter, we saw that 7 of the 9 basis point decline was related to the impact of higher levels of liquidity. But our outlook would not assume that liquidity position build from here. And so we shouldn't see that kind of pressure given the overall loan balances and deposit outlook.  We'll also see some impact from PPP that as I mentioned earlier on the call that we had about $50 million in fee income coming through from the PPP loan balances for forgiveness and other fee recognition. We would expect to see that the client as well. And so we'd see some modest decline on the NIM from the core impact of lower rates and the PPP program, but should not see the same pressure for liquidity going forward.
Don Kimble: All good questions Gerard. I would say as far as recoveries, we did have recoveries of about $20 million that were unusual and even adjusting for that our net charge-offs would have been 17 basis points for the quarter. So, still very low, absent that one recovery. If you look at the CECL reserves that we have, that I think your math is pretty close to where we would see it as well as is that while the economic outlook is probably stronger on a relative basis as far as improvements from here. I would say that if you look at the underlying nature of the portfolio, we still have a little bit higher level of criticized classified loans today than what we did with as of January 1 of last year and so it would suggest that we should have a higher level of reserve. That being said, we've continued to increase our qualitative component to the reserve. And so, if you look at the qualitative component, along with certain model overlays, it's about 25% of the total reserves. So, it's higher than what we would have expected in a CECL world to deploy. And it's just given some of the uncertainty as to how things will continue to evolve from here, and could allow the opportunity to see some further reserve releases. Now, I don't want to set the expectation that we're going to have another $220 million negative provision expense or reserve recapture in the near term quarters, but we do expect to see that reserve level probably continue to trend down from here to reflect the current status of our loan quality and the economic outlook that we're seeing in front of us.
Don Kimble: I would say that when we look at the new originations, we're looking for something with a spread compared to the cost of funds that we assigned to of about 240 basis points, which is up from when we originally started about 220, a couple years ago. So, pricing has held up well. And it's something that we'll continue to manage going forward.
Don Kimble: Yeah. We've got a little over $3.5 billion left of that. And I would say that it runs off somewhere close to $400 million to $500 million a quarter would be a general range.
Don Kimble: Yeah. A couple of things. One, what we've said is that most of the pressure we've seen in NIM is been because of liquidity. You know our outlook for the rest of year would have liquidity levels, in other words, the cash position remaining relatively stable from here, and so shouldn't see that, kind of pressure.  As far as overall impact from liquidity, I would say that the impact of rates and we’ve shown on the current slide, other than liquidity, we had about 2 basis points of margin compression this quarter and that was mainly because of lower rates. And then another component that will impact us is the PPP forgiveness, which had elevated levels here in the second quarter, and would expect to see that come down in future quarters.  As far as the impact for both security purchases, and also for fixed rate loans, but an example would be in the second quarter, we had about $2.2 billion of runoff and it had an average rate on that of [2.26]. And the average purchase yield for the same $2.2 billion we bought during the quarter was 1.4. So, about 80 basis points of compression on that specific asset class. We would also expect to see fixed rate loans, which isn't as large for us as it probably is for other peers have somewhere in that 60 basis points to 80 basis points of compression there as well for the rollover of those assets as well.
Don Kimble: And just to follow up on that too, as far as the linked quarter that truly was activity related fees that drove the change. And if you look at the year ago for that line item, we did have some impairments that came through that category. And so, the second quarter of 2020 was artificially low.
Don Kimble: Most of it. You know, we focus a lot on primacy, so the preponderance of it is on capture of checking accounts.
