Donald R. Kimble: Great. As far as our guidance, you're right. It would have to include increases from the first quarter. First quarter is low seasonally because of the day count and that cost us about $8 million linked quarter from the previous fourth quarter results, and so we would see a pickup there. We do expect strong loan growth to continue. We've talked about mid single-digit kind of growth going forward. And our guidance would assume with that loan growth and with the same levels of liquidity going forward, that margin would be relatively stable for the rest of the year. So those are all critical parts of the assumptions in order to get the guidance we're providing.
Donald R. Kimble: Again, we would expect to see seasonal changes for a lot of the areas including the stronger activity levels. The first quarter activity levels were down in many critical areas, including service charge income and credit card and debit card activities. So we would expect to see some pickup there. But we're also seeing some very strong pipelines in our investment banking and debt placement fees. Chris, would you want to add any color to that.
Donald R. Kimble: Erika, the forward curve through 2016, which shows some movement up of the lower end of the curve as well. And so that was the baseline for that assumption, that actually our net interest income would increase between a flat rate environment, and the forward curve by about $200 million in 2016 from that type of difference in the rate environment. And that would reduce our efficiency ratio by about 3 percentage points.
Donald R. Kimble: Great question. And as far as our LCR that we have already started to take some actions, as you might imagine, given our size of our investment portfolio, that we have a very strong liquidity position. But we have been shifting that a little bit more to Ginnie Mae Security. So as of the end of the first quarter, we had 27% of our portfolio in Ginnie Mae's and that was up significantly from where it has been historically. Through the end of the year, we would see continued payments coming off the investment portfolio being reinvested in Ginnie Mae's, and we should have a little more than 1/3 of our total portfolio in that Level 1 type of liquidity asset by the end of the year. If we hit that and also if we see some changes as it relates to the municipal deposit rules that are currently in the current draft, we should be in good shape for the LCR and should not have to change our overall balance sheet.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, what we are committed to is driving positive operating leverage. And with this current environment we have for lower revenue growth, and we're pulling a little harder on the expense side. So I don't know if there is any absolute minimum or maximum there. But I think that the path that we showed in the first quarter is probably consistent with what we'll have to focus on throughout the rest of the year, unless we see things change dramatically.
Donald R. Kimble: That's exactly right, Beth. And the other thing we're seeing is you wouldn't expect this, but there is -- the competition is more intense with the smaller companies. So what we're doing is, really, focusing, throughout Key, on some of the larger ones.
Donald R. Kimble: Good question. And the couple of things that happened this past quarter that we wouldn't expect to have continued drag going forward: one, is that we had an adjustment to offset some of that liquidity because of the issuance of our long-term debt, and it's added about $1 billion on an average basis from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, and that reflected the issuances we did, including parent company, to position us for our CCAR plans; second was that in the first quarter, our loan fees were a lot lower than what we would've expected, that -- and it was a little over $5 million weaker than first quarter of last year. And that had additional pressure on the margin and we would expect that while there still may be some challenge there, we wouldn't see the incremental drop-off there that we did this past quarter.
Donald R. Kimble: That will be a target we, hopefully, will be revisiting at some point in time. But to your point that with the efficiency improvements, with expansion of the margin as rates would go up, that, we think, there would be opportunity to reassess. But I think you hit on the right variables now, which is that us offsetting some of those headwinds, really, is coming from our credit cost being so low that with provision expense of $6 million and charge up to $20 million, well, we'd like to say that's our new normal. I don't think that's something that we can count on a long term.
Donald R. Kimble: It did, and we have stated that we think our tax rate will be between the 26% and 28%. And we were toward the higher end of that this past quarter.
Donald R. Kimble: I think you've hit on an important point for us, and that's something that we need to see how we can address to provide a little bit more of a foreshadowing of those improvements in productivity that, I think -- when you mentioned PPNR to headcount and also revenue to headcount, I think those would be good variables. But it's something that we should look internally to see if there's other ways or measures that we can provide that will at least provide a little bit more insight.
Donald R. Kimble: The one thing I'd add there, Mike, as well is that, as Beth highlighted, it's taken us down to the lower end of 60% range, with interest rates we'll be in the 50s. Keep in mind, too, that back in 1994, Key had a margin of over 4%, and we're right at 3% now. And that won't improve without interest rates going up. And so that does impact that efficiency ratio as well, in addition to the additional -- the costs we're incurring associated with regulatory burdens today compared to 1994.
Donald R. Kimble: Our guidance assumes that the charge-offs will equal provision. So that's our expectation going into it, but it will be adjusted based on changes in overall credit quality and outlook for losses inherent in the portfolio.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Don. This is Chris. So we feel pretty good about our backlogs in investment banking and debt placement fees. The other thing that's interesting about our backlogs is it's more heavily skewed right now to M&A. And with M&A, there tends to be a multiplier effect because often, we're involved in other activities in addition to just providing advisory. So we look for that number to continue to have some forward momentum. The other area that we're very optimistic about and it's very early days, is our payments, our enterprise commercial payments. We launched both our purchase card and our prepaid card just in the first quarter of this year. And with respect to our purchase card, we are ahead of our targets in terms of client capture. And with respect to prepaid, we've been pleasantly surprised at the amount of activity out there for significant pieces of business. Now I would warn you that those significant pieces of business are complex, they take a long time, there's a long sales cycle. But we feel good about both the backlog with respect to investment banking and debt placement fees, and our backlog with respect to enterprise commercial payments.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Steve, it's Chris. Let me kind of start by kind of giving a broad overview. Of all the capital we raised, only 15% actually goes on our balance sheet. And of the deals that we're involved with, in 70% of the instances, we're the lead. I don't have the exact number in front of me, but I think you should assume whether it's leverage, NIX deals or anything else, that the 70% percentage would hold.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Jennifer, it's Chris. Let me first start by saying, it was broad-based. So really, we have sort of 3 legs to the stool. One is our KeyBanc Capital Markets platform that goes to market based on industry verticals. And some of the industry verticals where we had a lot of growth there would be areas like industrial, areas like energy. We also had nice growth in our real estate business, and our real estate business is really focused on 2 principal areas. One are what we call owners of real estate, which is principally multifamily and also mid-cap reach, both public and private. We had nice growth there. And then our leasing business, which is really a kind of a specialty business in that they focus a lot on technology, a lot on medical equipment. They, too, had nice growth. So again, we've got -- we have these niches where we're very focused, very thoughtful about how we're going to the market, and we enjoyed broad-based growth. With respect to what is purchased paper, what were the lead on, one of the things we really like about our model is -- and I -- as I just mentioned, we lead 70% of the deals that we're involved with. So in those instances, we are syndicating those deals. We are a net seller of those. And of course, our broad model, only 15% of what we raise actually goes on the balance sheet. So these are -- it's a very focused area in terms of figuring out where we can be relevant. Just as an aside, we had our strategic drill down with our real estate team just 48 hours ago. And in our strategic drill downs, the teams come in and the RMs walk through each of their top 5 prospects. And what we're finding is in spite of the fact that there's competition out there, because of our differentiated model in real estate and in our other areas, we're able to continue to capture clients. And in the first quarter, we captured 119 new clients. So that's really how the model is built. It continues to work. We also got a little bit of a benefit. I think Don mentioned that we had a slight uptick, company-wide, in utilization. In the corporate bank, I would say the utilization uptick was even a little bit more than slight. And the other thing we're benefiting from is just we're constantly reallocating capital, and that's a process that began, really, in 2010. But as we sit here in 2014, we have a lot fewer relationships that we're actually exiting. So if you look at the confluence of all those things, that's a pretty good foundation for C&I growth.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Ken, it's Chris. That was actually part of the BofA portfolio that we purchased and we completely anticipated that. And what happened is there were some planned payoffs and when they're of large CMBS loans, and what happens is the escrow flows through, both principal and a bunch of other payments. So there were about $18 billion that flowed through in and out in a short period of time in the fourth quarter. That will -- it probably will not be to that extent going forward, but it is a lumpy business and you will have flows, escrow flows through it. As we think about that business, we think about the stable servicing business, having about doubled from pre BofA portfolio acquisition it used to run about $7 million per quarter. Now we think it will run about $15 million per quarter. But there will be, from time to time, large escrow swings. By the way, the core deposit base actually increased both in the quarter and year-over-year.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, this is Chris. I just mentioned that the large prepaid opportunities are complex transactions. Sometimes they're with the issuers or government entities, and I mentioned that there's a long lead time.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, I'll be happy to, Don. So there's a few things we're focused on with respect to productivity. The first that we talk about a lot are new clients and expanded relationships, because we think we have a platform that we can leverage but we need to continue to add new clients and expand the relationships that we have, and we have very specific targets around those. We also spend a lot of time talking about the revenue per person. For example, right now on a trailing basis, the revenue per person in the corporate bank is $830,000. We've set some very specific goals around those as well. The other thing that we're thinking about in terms of productivity is to leverage some of the investments that we've already made. We talked earlier today about commercial payments. We really need to leverage that. Healthcare. With -- throughout Key, we have about a $7 billion health care portfolio and we have a company-wide effort to be very focused facilities-based health care on how we can deliver the whole platform. And then we've invested a lot of time. Beth alluded to the coordination and the collaboration between the corporate bank and the community bank, which is very important in how we can be distinctive going to market. So we spend a lot of time looking at that. And then the last 2 pieces are things we've talked about before in terms of generating productivity. One is strategic just kind of tuck-in type acquisitions. And I think the BofA third-party commercial loan servicing portfolio would be a great example of that. And lastly, and most importantly, is -- and it's one of the things that has an impact when you start comparing our efficiency ratio, is continuing to invest in people. Because we think our platform is under leveraged, we're out there hiring people that have -- they're senior people that have existing relationships. And there, admittedly, is a bit of a lag as you bring senior bankers onto the platform. But we've proven to ourselves that they can be extremely productive. So those are really the 4 prongs of the growth strategy.
Beth E. Mooney: And with that, Steve, I would just underscore that, I think, it is important to note we have talked in the past that we do clients, we are the originator, they are our relationships. And we do not have a desk that buys paper or participates unless it is a relationship of ours.
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, thank you. That is a good question and let me compare and contrast what I think is some of important differences. As we closed out last year of 2013, the average efficiency ratio for our peer group was 65%. So some piece of what Key has successfully done is close the gap to the peer group through the successful completion of our Fit for Growth initiative. So as we start this year, we are now in line with competitors. And in that average, obviously, there are different business models. And I think that's something that's worthy of just a little discussion because some of the competitors there that you would outline have larger payments in credit card businesses or potentially some high-yielding consumer businesses. Our strategy as we have outlined it, is to be largely a commercial bank with distinctive corporate bank capabilities. And as you've watched our growth, it's been a commercial lending, investment banking and debt placement fees. Those are a different business mix in this different business model. They carry a higher efficiency rate. And if you look at our loan mix, again, heavily skewed towards commercial lending, which is highly variable, again, that would have a different revenue component than high-yielding consumer asset. So some piece of as you look across a peer group, I think you have to look at business model, business mix and where the growth is and what the company strategy is. So I think it's important that we did close the GAAP to our peers, our Fit for Growth and the efforts we've undertaken. I think it's important to note, we say it is a journey and we are committed to further progress within our range. And whether, let's just say, that anything we can do to accelerate or enhance our performance, we will do. And then I think it is inherent that a 65% average for the industry, this revenue environment of low interest rate is clearly pressuring the efficiency and productivity of our industry in general. So I would tell you that I think I'm pleased with our progress, but never satisfied. And that we will continue to show progress in the range and interest rates of a modest amount, as Don outlined in his answer, will give us the benefit to get into the '50s.
Beth E. Mooney: Gerard, this is Beth, again. One of the things I think is important that we had built a consistent track record with our shareholders about how they can, within the CCAR process, which as you know governs capital that Key has been a consistent as well as a peer leading returner of capital. We have always talked about our capital levels as a strength over time because how we invest, how we return and how we deploy that capital will be important to shareholder-value creation. So we are the highest of our -- in our ability to return capital for the second year in a row with increase in share repurchases and common dividends. But it is, ultimately, a regulatory-driven process. So at the end of the day, we will continue to be thoughtful about how we approach that. And if you gauge us against our bank peers, I think we fared well in this year's process, and it is important to us that we continue to give that track record and consistency of capital management as part of our business plan.
Beth E. Mooney: And Jennifer, this is Beth. I would just add another thing that, I think, is interesting as I look at it across the company, that a lot of the growth is concentrated as you go up in size of the company. And as you see the upper end of the middle market perform, they are more likely to be incurring leverage to acquire companies, because we see a trend towards people looking more to growth through strategic acquisition than organic investment. We've seen some sign of borrowings to do share repurchase, that companies think their own currency is a good investment. And at the smaller end of the market, while we see growth, it is not as strong as it is among our upper-end mill market and corporate clients.
Beth E. Mooney: And Bob, the one thing I would add that we always watch, because I think we saw an example of it in the fourth quarter, is levels of liquidity that cannot necessarily be anticipated, is what I'd call always the wildcard of pressure. And in the fourth quarter, it was specifically some of the flows from our commercial mortgage servicing business, which has been a nice source of income for us, as well as stable deposits. But as some of those CMBS portfolios unwind at different times, you can get liquidity flows that could pressure margins. So liquidity is always something that's hard to predict that we will always identify if that's an issue in any quarter.
Beth E. Mooney: Well, Mike, I appreciate it and we will take our golf lessons and invest in new golf clubs and wait for the weather to warm up, one thing that hasn't come up in our call. I would tell you that it is important that we felt it was a good thing for us to do to be responsive to the question to what sorts of things move us within the range. And at this point in time, we are not moving the range from 60% to 65% but we are showing the path to our ability to reduce within the range. It is also important to note that the business growth is net of investment because I think it is important, as you list the things that we have accomplished, it is because we are also investing in our franchise, that it's important that we grow this business in smart and appropriate ways. And then as I look at our revenue mix, we are -- about 60% of our income does come from our loan book, which is a highly variable loan book, not high-yielding consumer assets, as I mentioned earlier on Gerard's question. So some piece of it is embedded in our revenue component, that we will drive growth through our business activity. Interest rates will benefit our particular mix of business when the short end gets a little relief. And it is on us. And part of the reason we identified Fit for Growth to know that near term, in a pressured revenue environment, we must continue to work the expense side of the equation to create that progress without a benefit from interest rate. So what we're trying to show is we are committed to a path to the low end of the range without any external help from the environment, and we will consistently improve. And as I said earlier, we will be disciplined but constructively impatient as well.
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, this is Beth. Some piece of the discussion around our geographic footprint is against the broader business model where we are really also focused heavily on our commercial clients and the ability to integrate our corporate bank. So while our geographic presence and physical branches are across the states, in every market we also have additional business banking, commercial, private banking and corporate banking opportunities. So the mix of our revenue is very fulsome in our various geographies. And in a digital image-enabled world, the cost of maintaining a branch network is not a driver of our structural inefficiency. So I think, as I look at, the priorities I would set against our geographies is to drive more revenue from those physical presence, and they are profitable.
Beth E. Mooney: Nancy, I think that's a great question because some piece of how we are looking at the future is the interplay of digital and mobile and how that will affect both the consumer business, but our relative positioning within markets. And I think some piece of what might be the paradigm going forward is that I don't think any of us, as you listen to myself and to my peers, who will tell you that we don't believe that market presence and branches are still a core and important part of our value proposition in how we go to market across our various geographies. But potentially, density is less important. Because as you think about it, there is a transformational change. So as part of what we are doing within our strategies is upping our investments in mobile, digital and mobile and digital advertising as well so that as we connect those experiences between the branch, online, mobile, digital that we have a value proposition that we think will also enhance our market growth over and above just investing in more physical stores. So I think that's an exciting opportunity, and that some of the old paradigms are shifting. And then I think the emphasis that we have placed on commercial, our middle market and business continuum of companies with sales of $25 million to $1.5 billion, those squarely sit in our geographies. And as we acquire and expand those relationships, we get private banking opportunities, we get incremental growth. So I think we are growing our markets with our go-to-market business model.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investors Relation team between Vern Patterson and Kelly Dillon at (216) 689-4221. Thank you, and that concludes our remarks for the day.
