Don Kimble: Yes. We believe that our allowance as of June 30 was based on what we consider to be very reasonable kind of economic outlooks. And as a general rule, we would start with the Moody's consensus estimate for the outlook. And I would say that unlike the first quarter, if you look at the outlook that we used to establish our June 30 reserves, we haven't seen much of a change in that through the early parts of July. You contrast that with what we saw in the first quarter where the estimates that we used as of March 31 did decline, and so we had an expectation that there would be reserve builds, that we believe that the reserves are reasonable. I think it's also reflective of the nature and composition of our portfolio. And I would say that we're 75% commercial and 25% consumer. And the consumer loans generally would have a higher reserve level to total loans and also a higher coverage ratio, if you would take a look at the reserves to what this severely adverse scenarios might improve on.
Don Kimble: Sure. Sure. That the average yield on the loans themselves are 1% as set by the program. We do take the estimated fees and amortized it over the average two-year life that's assumed in the portfolio, and so the blended yield that we would have for that loan is north of 2.25%. And then we would just assign a cost of funds to that loan product in order to determine what the impact is to our overall NIM. And this quarter, about half of that 6 basis points was related to PPP, and we had some other miscellaneous items, including some of the ineffectiveness of the swap portfolio and things like that, that also had a drag on the NIM this quarter.
Don Kimble: Sure. And a couple of things. One, the DFAST assumptions and the stress loss models are different than what you would have for CECL. And for CECL, it's a life of loan, which would have a different set of assumptions than what you would be using for some of the stress scenarios. The stress scenarios will also assume that you could have losses on loans that are originated during that stress period. And so there are some differences there that would be unique. If you look at the economic assumptions that we use, we start again with that consensus estimates. We do make adjustments. We have some qualitative adjustments we make to the allowance based on different factors, including the currency of some of our loan grades and things like that, and so it does result in some adjustments up. But our base economic assumptions would have had, for example, an unemployment rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 of 9% and would continue in the upper single digits throughout 2021. It would also assume that we don't get back to a GDP level that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2019 until late in the second half of 2021. And so these assumptions are fairly conservative. I would say that the other thing that does come into play for our models and also for our outlook is the significant impact that the stimulus programs have provided. The Cares Act and other stimulus have both helped provide a bridge for some of the commercial customers with PPP program and others and also for consumers. Just with the additional unemployment support that the consumers have received are at a level that would not have been contemplated with the stress scenarios in the DFAST results.
Don Kimble: No. You're absolutely right. More than 100% of the increase in both those categories came in, in areas related to COVID. I mean whether it's oil and gas or some of the consumer-based commercial businesses are driving that increase for both NPLs and for criticized and classified.
Don Kimble: Sure, Erika. As far as the reserve levels, I think that – and Chris highlighted this earlier, which is that we've had a significant change in our underlying credit profile for the company since the last downturn. And so I think that's important to note. If you take a look at where we're positioned as of the end of the current quarter, roughly 50% of our commercial portfolio is investment grade, and that's up from 42% just a year ago. And so we're seeing continued migration that would suggest that there is a strength as far as the core underlying credit relationship we have as a group. The other thing that would be a little bit different for us compared to some of the peers is the level of PPP loans that are included in that C&I category. The last piece, as far as government support, we're not assuming any additional government support beyond what was already passed and put through as part of the Cares Act. And so that's not a significant contribution to future loss assumptions other than what's already been realized or benefited as far as helping to provide some of that bridge through this interim period. So again, I think it's just more reflective of how we see that portfolio and the underlying credit quality that we see today.
Don Kimble: Sure. I would say that we've already started to receive just a handful of requests this quarter as far as forgiveness from some of our customers. So our expectation for the third quarter does not have a significant contribution coming from that forgiveness, and therefore, the rapid – or acceleration of the recognition of fee income. We would think most of that would occur in the fourth quarter. We don't have any crystal ball that would say what the exact number would be, but we're expecting somewhere around 80% of those loans would probably be eligible for forgiveness and the remaining 20% would just pay down over time, but that's just a placeholder for now with, again, the majority of that coming in the fourth quarter.
Don Kimble: Yes. Very, very modest. Most of what's causing the growth for us in net interest income is the fact that we're still assuming that deposit rates will come down by an additional 15 basis points, and that offsets the impact from the further LIBOR reductions net of our hedging that we've put in place.
Don Kimble: We did have some daily fluctuations on the end-of-the-quarter balances, but I would say that for our outlook, we're assuming that we will have growth in the consumer categories for both Laurel Road and for residential mortgage, and that PPP loan balances on average will be up linked quarter. And so the offset would be just further prepayments or repayments of some of the line draws and what have you on the commercial side.
Don Kimble: It will remain high for the next couple of quarters. Many of those are for support programs that the various states have put in place, and we would expect that to continue throughout this year and probably into the first part of next year as well.
Don Kimble: Good portion of that for right now is macro and the credit costs are much higher than what we would see on a core run rate basis in the future. And so that's one of the components. The other is with the absolute low level of rates that not only have a negative impact on net interest income and total revenues, it also increases our equity as the OCI numbers go positive. And so that was another significant step up again this quarter. And at some point in time, we'll see that bleed down as well, which we'll provide a little bit more support for that return on tangible common equity as well. I don't want you to think that we're targeting that later this year or even early next year because I think just the environment is going to be challenging for us to get back up into that range. But we clearly expect to see improvements from where we've reported in the first couple of quarters this year.
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the reserve levels, I don't know that we've disclosed what that reserve is. I would say that we've established that reserve based on the renewed – determination assessments that were put in place. We feel comfortable about where we are. I think Chris had mentioned earlier that the majority of that portfolio is more reserve-based and very little as an oilfield services where you tend to see a little bit higher reserves overall. As far as the increase to the nonaccrual, I would say, generally about half of the increase is in oil and gas or thereabouts from what we saw last quarter.
Don Kimble: It would be a similar type of overall trend for both as far as the relative percentage of the increase.
Don Kimble: I would say that if – to your point, nobody knows where September 30 is going to end up. But I would say that if it continues to be with the same type of economic assumptions that we're seeing today in July at the end of September, I think that you're right, that we could see this as being the peak quarter as far as the overall reserve build. But going forward, we'd have to provide for new loan originations. I would say, at our current levels of loan originations, that's probably an $80 million to $100 million-kind-of-provision expense in a normal quarter. And then you would have to just provide for any other outsized adjustments or migrations as far as the underlying portfolio that wasn't contemplated. But I think that the test will be just – is what will the economic outlook be at the end of September and have we seen much change in that from what we're seeing today..
Don Kimble: Well, as we would take a look at our models that we used for the June 30 allowance, it would assume that you would see continued migration to criticized through the next few quarters and increases there and then also increases the nonperforming loans just as the impact of the economy would be felt more and more throughout our commercial book, especially. The one thing that we really haven't seen anything yet and wouldn't expect for the third quarter is any significant increases in the consumer charge-off levels. And I probably wouldn't start to see that until – in the fourth quarter or going into early 2021 as well. But with the reserve levels that we have established, the underlying assumptions would be as you would expect to see increases in NPLs and criticized/classified for the next few quarters.
Don Kimble: I would say that no, we didn't invest that at a 2.49% yield, that the additional investments really came through in Key builds that we put into the portfolio at the very end of the quarter of about $3 billion-plus. And the yield on that was sub-20 basis points. And so prospectively, we'll probably see more of those types of temporary investments in short-term earning assets, but it did step up in the current quarter. And so – we only purchased about $900 million or so of investment securities through the quarter. I would say that the yield on that was in the 1% to 1.25% range, and that would be our expectation prospectively as far as reinvestment yield on those purchases given the current rate environment.
Don Kimble: You're right. It was a very small pickup compared to putting it in cash to the Fed. So that was one of the things we did just because the liquidity levels continued to grow throughout the quarter.
Don Kimble: No. You're right. I would say that our outlook would be that the increase related to the various programs was about $25 million in fee income and also about $25 million in expense. And for the third quarter, we would expect those levels to continue at that pace. It might start to show a little bit of a reduction from that point forward, but we'll provide guidance and outlook for the fourth quarter at the end of our September results.
Don Kimble: It really is a pass-through. And essentially, the revenues we make from that would be the earnings on the deposits that are attached to those programs. But – and initially, that's why we didn't include it in our guidance because we thought initially it would probably be netted against the revenue as opposed to grossed up as we have to show it this quarter and prospectively.
Don Kimble: Well, actually, the charge-offs that we would have are embedded in the reserves that we've already established. And so that $80 million to $100 million would essentially be the new provision expense and the increase to the overall reserve from that component. So as long as our charge-off performance is consistent with our current assumptions included in our reserve balance, we wouldn't have to establish provision expense to cover those charge-offs prospectively. So what our provision will cover is, one, new loan growth, which the impact there would be $80 million to $100 million. Two, would be any changes in the economic outlook. And as we've said before, we're not seeing a significant change in that economic outlook today versus what we saw as of June 30 when we established the reserves. And three would be any different migration in our portfolio compared to what our models would assume. And so each of those are factors that we'd be able to use in establishing the allowance for next quarter. But as long as the economic assumptions don't change and as long as the migration is consistent with our expectations, the only thing you're left with there is this provision for loan growth and so it would be in that $80 million to $100 million range as opposed to the $240 million that you talked about.
Don Kimble: Mike, you're right. I mean we don't know what the impact would be as far as any further shutdowns and on the economic outlook and we hadn't factored that in as part of our June 30 reserve, and we'll have to see how that plays out between now and September 30. And I would say, again, that our assumptions still show stress in the environment with a 9% unemployment level in the fourth quarter and continuing levels of high single-digit kind of unemployment through 2021, and not really seeing a full recovery of the economy back to the fourth quarter of 2019 level until late in 2021. And so could it get worse from here? It could. We don't know. But what we've established our reserves are based on what we feel is a reasonable outlook as of June 30.
Don Kimble: Sure. Can be very pleased with both the volume and the credit quality that we're seeing from Laurel Road. And to your point, a high percentage of it is health care doctor-, dentist-related. And so some of those practices were negatively impacted at first, but many of them are back up and open, and we continue to see the payment trajectory and just the overall performance be consistent if not better than what we would have initially expected. So very pleased with that credit quality and the performance overall.
Don Kimble: The markets are tighter, but more importantly, our liquidity levels and capital levels are such that allows us to retain that on balance sheet. But we did about $250 million of securitization last year. I could see us doing something similar to that maybe later this year, and just to keep the name out there and keep the familiarity with investors in the product. So I would say that, generally, we would expect to do some, but probably at a very modest level.
Chris Gorman: The only – this is Chris, John. The only thing I'd add on the oil and gas portfolio, and I think this is an important distinction. Obviously, oil and gas went into the cycle down even prior to COVID. Two-thirds of our exposure is really reserve-based, which is really asset-based type lending, which is a self-correcting mechanism. What you'll see is the downstream exposure that we have is services, which is more cyclical than the industry as a whole, by strategy is a very small piece of our portfolio, which I just think is an important point.
Chris Gorman: Well, so just a couple of quick questions – a couple of thoughts on that. One, obviously, at the end of the second quarter, our reserves are where we think they should be for the duration of the – through the credit cycle on a case-by-case basis. So we think that we're properly reserved. The other thing, Erika, to keep in mind is we have strong PPNR growth. I mean the two important things to be able to pay a dividend is to manage our credit really well and to have PPNR to support it. And we kind of checked both of those boxes. We were able to out-earn our dividend in spite of taking the $386 million reserve that we took in this quarter. So we feel good about where we are. It's obviously a dynamic environment, but we like the way we're positioned.
Chris Gorman: And just to scope the size of it, it's about a $2.4 billion portfolio, that's about 2% of our outstandings.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Scott, the – our pipelines in our investment banking area, I would label as strong. And we didn't benefit as much as the largest banks from the record issuance of investment-grade debt. That was obviously a piece of our business, but that's not a huge piece. On the positive side, our commercial mortgage business has performed really, really well. And in this rate environment, I would anticipate that it will continue to perform well. On the other side of the equation, we have – our backlog in M&A is higher right now than it was a year ago. Having said that, obviously, for the balance of this year, as people are in price discovery, I don't see that backlog working its way down. But in total, I would characterize the pipeline as strong. As you well know, it's market dependent.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So as you can imagine, we're out talking to our clients all the time. What's interesting, it sounds kind of counterintuitive, but it's actually the easiest I've seen in my career to get a hold of all the decision-makers because no one's traveling and everyone is available. I would say this, on the commercial side, we're anticipating that – we had – like everyone, we have a big spike up. Then ours actually came down earlier than a lot of people. We see that as being kind of flat. I don't see a lot of borrowing on the commercial side, Scott, for the balance of the year. We are fortunate in that we've always been – we've always had been 75% commercial, 25% consumer. The nice thing now is we have a couple of good engines for consumer growth, namely Laurel Road and our mortgage business. That will be where most of our loan growth comes in the back half of the year.
Chris Gorman: It s investment grade fixed income. That is a relatively smaller part of our business given that we play in the middle market. And as a result, we didn't perform to the level that some of the most large – some of the largest banks performed either in the issuance of investment-grade or – frankly, the trading was obviously a big plus for some of the large institutions.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at (216) 689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
