Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: This is Don, and I would start off by saying that if you take a look at the run rate of expenses for First Niagara that's included in our third quarter results, it shows an average monthly run rate of about $70 million a month. That compares with the run rate before acquisition of over $80 million. And so, I would say that in the current run rate, we were already reflecting about a $100 million of that $400 million targeted level. As we've said before that fourth quarter won't show a meaningful increase as far as the level of cost saves. We would expect to see many of those occur in the first half of next year with the realization of the systems conversions, the branch consolidations that many of which will occur here in the fourth quarter, and some of the other steps that will start to be realized in the first half of next year. And so, I would say by the end of the first half, we would be well past the 50% of attainment of that value from the cost savings.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I'll take another crack at that as well. If you look at the growth of the experience from the time of the acquisition to the time of closing, it was in excess of what we would have expected. They showed growth in customers and households, they showed growth in deposit balances and loan balances and so they were able to continue to grow that franchise, despite the fact that this merger was going on. And then you combine that with the expense saves that we realized here in the third quarter that would have been earlier than what we would have expected as well. And so it feels like and it shows that they're exceeding on all fronts.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would agree, Beth. And we've talked about the realization of that $400 million coming primarily in the first half of next year and as we wrap up 2017 we would expect to see the full benefit of that run rate in our 2018 outlook.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah. We were operating around a 10% return on tangible common equity before the transaction. I would say in the third quarter, adjusted for the merger related charges, our return on tangible common would have been about 11%. And if you would just add on top of that, the additional benefit from the expense savings, we would be in that 12% to 13%. So it would be equal to or exceeding that 200 basis point improvement we talked about.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: What I've shown to calculate that was basically the run rate of expenses for First Niagara was a $70 million a month. So if you take the 140 divided by the two months that are reported and compare that with the $80 million a month they were running at before the acquisition. So that gives us about $100 million of cost savings realized on a run rate basis.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Many of those should be shut off after the end of this calendar year. There will be a few that still linger over into 2017, but the vast majority of the benefit there should be in early half of 2017 benefit for those contract terminations.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Take a look at our NIM in the third quarter. For the month of September, we had a margin of right around 2.90% and I would use that as a baseline for the fourth quarter. But keep in mind, we talked about the fourth quarter will include some additional net interest income related to our purchase accounting accretion. And so, it should be a little stronger than that 2.90%.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. We've had some early comments about the low tax rate for the quarter and if you take a look at our reported earnings and back out the related merger charges and assume a 35% tax rate on those merger charges, the effective tax rate for the current quarter was 22.4% for core operations. On a year-to-date basis, that's 24.4%, and so we benefited in the third quarter from some higher credits associated with some equipment leasing activities. We also had a slight charge in the second quarter. And so we would expect those credits to continue and so we would expect our tax rate for the full year to be in that 24% to 25% range, so it would be very consistent with our year-to-date effective tax rate.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would say first, Erika that the $753 million reflects the performance based compensation associated with a record high quarter for investment banking debt placement fees of $156 million. So we did have higher levels of expenses than what we would expect to be our normal run rate. And so we would expect the core to come down based on not being able to sustain that level of investment banking debt placement fees. Core Key is currently operating on a 65% efficiency ratio. And so I think that is a good benchmark for legacy Key. But, again, as we start to realize the cost savings from the combined organization that we should see that efficiency ratio drop meaningfully.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah, a couple of things there, Erika. As far as the growth rate, we'll provide more guidance when we get in the January earnings call to provide guidance for 2017. I would say right now, our pipelines remain strong and the core franchise is growing, and we saw growth across the Key footprint, as we said, 5% growth on a year-over-year basis. We're also seeing growth in the First Niagara so we'll continue to work through that. We're not seeing material portfolios where we would consider them to be in exit mode as far as a First Niagara franchise. So we don't think that will dilute the growth from that perspective. But, again, we'll provide more guidance there later. As far as the purchase accounting adjustments that – you're right, the accretion for this quarter was $19 million. We would expect to see another month of accretion in the fourth quarter. And so, on top of that, we would also have some additional accretion impacting our earnings because we did not assume any prepayments in the third quarter and as those loans would prepay it would also accelerate recognition of some additional purchase accounting discounts. And so, we think the benefit from the purchase accounting will exceed just a core realization of the $19 million number that we experienced in the third quarter.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah, and essentially what we're required to do is assume that accretion would occur over the contractual life of the loans. And so we would assume a faster than contractual life type of assumption as far as the realization of those reflecting the impact of prepayments.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Well, Ken, I don't really want to set your sight for another $100 million. That would be a meaningful step up.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: That would assume that we would be reducing over half of the legacy First Niagara franchise expense base. But that being said, we do believe that the cost saves will drop to bottom line. Now offsetting that, we've also talked about revenue synergies and we're starting to see some activities that are reinforcing our confidence in achieving those. We've talked about $300 million run rate of revenue synergies and with that we would have incremental costs associated with achieving that. And so, it would realize about another $100 million or so of additional expense for that. And so, again, we do believe that those cost saves will drop to bottom line. They won't be offset by other add-ons, but that we will have some additional costs to achieve those revenue synergies.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Ken, what you're missing is you're trying to apply logic to accounting rules, and that doesn't always follow case (34:00). But, essentially, what's happened here is that, as we look at the non-PCI, non-purchased credit impaired portfolios, those loans that are recorded at a discount, you would be accreting that discount back into income over time, but you would always look at the remaining discount to see if it's adequate to cover the required reserve associated with those loans. What's unique about those credit card portfolios is that we recorded that at a premium, and so the value of that portfolio was higher than par, and so we had no discount to compare to for the recognition of allowance associated with that credit card portfolio. So, effectively, on day one after the acquisition, we had to record the entire allowance, or $12 million, associated with that $300 million portfolio. And so that's what triggered that, and that's why we had a higher level of provision associated with the First Niagara transaction.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: The preferred dividends will increase next quarter that the First Niagara preferred declared their dividend in July, and so it didn't have an impact on the current quarter results. So, you'll see almost a doubling of the preferred dividends compared to what the current quarter was.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Our pipelines remain strong. And in order for us to hit our guidance, we have to have something in $120 million plus as far as the quarter for investment banking debt placement fees. So, down from the record level but still strong compared to a year ago, and reflective of what we see as new business coming on. One other indicator there really is taking a look at our loans held for sale, and you can see a nice pop-up in the commercial mortgage loans held for sale ,to about $1 billion level. And so that's just one indicator, as far as the strength of the pipeline.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. And as far as the accounting treatment, we took a look at the $23 billion portfolio and divided it into two primary pieces. One is purchased credit impaired, which was just shy of $1 billion, and the other piece is the non-purchase credit impaired. For the purchased credit impaired $1 billion portfolio, they're primarily commercial loans, and those are loans where we don't think they are going to be able to live up to the commitments required in the loan agreements and they're included in that category, and they're marked net of reserves and net of interest rate mark. And so they don't bring over any allowance associated with that, and that interest rate mark will be accretive back into income over time. Because they are recognized as purchase credit impaired, they're excluded from the non-performing assets and non-performing loans. Now, the rest of the $22 billion in loan portfolio, we did also record a mark on that portfolio, and it includes both credit and interest rate. We did not have any additional allowance related to that. But since it's not purchase credit impaired, we did carry over the status as far as the non-performing loans and non-performing assets. And so that's why we show $150 million coming over in NPLs from the First Niagara acquisition, because many of those loans included in that non-purchase credit impaired are reviewed on a portfolio basis, as opposed to an individual loan basis. And so, on a portfolio basis, we believe that the portfolio will be able to perform in line with expectations.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Well, there are commercial loans that are not PCI impaired, and so – also in the commercial portfolios, some business banking loans that are looked at on a portfolio basis as opposed to an individual loan basis. And so, it's a mixture of both, Gerard, but I would say that most of the consumer loans are in the non-purchase credit impaired category.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would say our sales levels would be consistent with what we had experienced in the past. And I think we've talked about for the capital raise that we would retain somewhere in the realm of 20% level and I don't know that's changed dramatically for the current quarter.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: The bulk of those shares issued related to the First Niagara acquisition and so as we issued new unrestricted shares or others in connection with employee change of control contracts as we structured some of those agreements is how those shares were issued for the most part. And so they would have been granted as of or around the August 1st time line when the acquisition was finalized.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: As it relates to the card, that's a one-time impact. And so, going forward, we just have normal provision to cover charge-offs and loan growth in that portfolio. Keep in mind that down the road we will have to make sure that we're adding provision for new loan growth, and so we will have provision to cover that loan growth. And also, as the accretion of that discount occurs for the non-purchased credit card impaired, we will start to replenish the reserves associated with some of those portfolios over time as well.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Combined sensitivity. I'm sorry. If you look at combined sensitivity, we're about 2% asset sensitive. And so as we redid the portfolio from First Niagara and combined that with our overall balance sheet, it kept it fairly consistent with where we were before so we didn't see a real change there. And so, we're pleased with our position overall. We'll continue to reassess that but right now we're about 2% asset sensitive.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: One. We didn't start buying back any shares until after the merger was completed. So, whether there was some timing to that. But, more importantly, our employee stock issuance typically occurs, for the most part, in the first quarter of each calendar year. And so we would typically see acceleration as far as some of the share buybacks during that quarter. And so you would see a skewing or heavier weighting of the share buyback for that quarter but that's consistent with what we've done in the prior years as well.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: That's correct. And we're always looking to continue to improve our returns on an organic basis and don't believe that this transaction just stops it. So that will be something we're continuing to be focused on.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: We'll provide some more guidance later as far as what our targets are for return on tangible common. But I would say going from a 10% to 12% to 13% range is a meaningful step up. And so we'll again provide more color on that later.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: We're very comfortable with our capital ratio being in that level and so we will consider that as we look forward to the future CCARs and also we take into consideration any changes in the guidance of the NPR is finalized and additional comments we've heard are put in the rule.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah, you're right. The current run rate in the third quarter was below that $30 million target. We are finalizing some of the purchase accounting adjustments and could see some adjustments to the core deposit intangible in the fourth quarter but still believe that it should be a slight opportunity from what we initially estimated.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Sure. As far as that $100 million that I had cited that there was a number of expenses associated with some of the system development work that First Niagara was doing before the announcement. And we also had some executives, former executives of First Niagara leave and some staffing leave as well, post legal day 1. And so those were really the sources of much of that $100 million of cost savings. We would expect to continue to see some ramping up later this year. And as we said earlier, we would expect to realize majority of those cost saves in the first half of 2017 and be at a full run rate and finishing up throughout 2017.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: One, on the head count reduction, I would say that we haven't seen any meaningful head count reduction yet that has been helpful, but not a meaningful source of total savings. As far as the branches, we consolidated 70 branches of First Niagara over the conversion day weekend and we would expect to have 36 branches of Key consolidate here in the fourth quarter. And so, we should be there for our targeted branch consolidations, which would represent about 25%. The other piece that occurred here in the third quarter is in the middle of September, we did close on the divestiture of the branches required for the acquisition and that reduced our branch count by about 18.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: In the fourth quarter, they are no longer operational. That's correct. So they have shutdown and we'll be realizing the expense savings associated with those branch consolidations in the fourth quarter and then we'll have another 36 from legacy Key that will be consolidated later in the quarter as well.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: The biggest driver will be the loan growth. I would say that investment portfolio should be relatively stable overall. We'll continue to make sure we're meeting our expectations and requirements for LCR, but you could see a remixing as well because we still had, in the third quarter, a very high level of short-term earning assets, mainly the Fed account, and we would expect that to come down over time.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Yeah. As far as the LCR, on a combined basis, we're north of 120% on the LCR and so we're in good position from that perspective. On the go-to investment rates, the current quarter, we bought about $4 billion in securities, about $1 billion of that were in floaters, so agency floaters. And so it only had about a 94 basis point yield. The remaining securities that we were purchasing during the quarter had an average yield of somewhere in the 1.8% to 1.9% range, and we're seeing that come up a little bit as rates have moved up here late in the quarter.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Well, the purchase accounting accretion was clearly related to First Niagara. Also, First Niagara had a stronger margin than Key going into the transaction, and so that was also a benefit. I would say legacy Key was relatively stable linked quarter as far as the overall margin.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: It depends on the tax credits that we have available. I would say that a more appropriate range would probably be in the 25% to 27% range, as opposed to 24% to 25%.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: I would say the decline in expenses is, the merger-related charges will be lower, which will have an impact on the overall tax rate, and that's why you're seeing a step up there.
Donald R. Kimble - KeyCorp: Really, again, I think it falls back to – we think it's a three to five year time period. So you can think about that ramping up over that time period. So I would say that we'll provide a little bit more guidance as we get into the fourth quarter call in January, and provide more clarity as far as the timing and a level of recognition associated with those revenue synergies.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Yes, Ryan. This is Beth, and then if appropriate, Don may have some more color. Yes, we do have confidence that, as we said, our internal targets have exceeded the $400 million in the path of (24:04) those. However, at this time, I would say since we're still early days of making sure we realized the $400 million that we outlined in the amount and the timing that we have suggested, we will defer until we get into 2017 and before we outline what those additional possibilities of the timing will be. But I will tell you that we do see a path for outperforming what would have been our initial projections of $400 million that we committed to a year ago.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: And, David, this is Beth. I would just add that this is an area where I believe Key has outperformed the industry. One of the statistics we quoted early was, 18 of the last 20 quarters, we have seen double digit C&I growth in our portfolio, and I think it's important to underline that it does reflect investments in senior bankers, so growth being driven by our client-facing personnel being increased, our bankers. Second, we have also been investing in capabilities to differentiate Key, both on our KeyBanc Capital Markets platform but also in products such as payments and treasury. So, as I look at it, this has enabled us to compete differently and post a higher level of C&I growth than the industry has been seeing, yet maintain our risk profile and loss content. So I think this is that strategy coming through for core Key.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Matt, this is Beth. I would tell you that we do see opportunities within our Corporate Bank platforms, particularly in commercial mortgage banking as an area where we see real opportunity, particularly given the book of business in First Niagara that they have within real estate, both on their balance sheet as well as more broadly some of what those clients own. And we cited that there have already been a handful of early wins. Many of them are related to the capability that we have in commercial mortgage banking. We also see obviously very, very good opportunities against some of our core payments, treasury management, FX and derivative products. And then, obviously within that client base, our advisory capabilities will probably also over time create opportunities. But near term and early wins, I think, will be in commercial mortgage banking.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Bill, I would underscore that the core momentum that you're seeing in Key is what I think has been the rigor that we have given to our expenses to also create capacity to invest in banker's products capabilities that have created some of the revenue momentum that we're showing. And, again, importantly as we kind of look at it, 8 out of the last 11 quarters Key has generated positive operating leverage. So the investments show in our revenue but the discipline in our expenses to create those investments have been part of the momentum and performance that we're experiencing.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: And, Terry, I would add that, as we now have – as we talked about some of the benefits of First Niagara, one was the acceleration of standing up a mortgage platform for Key from origination through servicing. And our plans in 2017 and forward do include us adding to our mortgage origination staff and more robustly offering mortgage across our entire Key footprint. So, that is one of the sources of the revenue synergy that we see in the transaction.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: In the product capabilities, again, a robust offering for the commercial customers would also include what we put in our Corporate services income of FX and derivatives and a broad suite there. We also look at wealth management and private banking. And within that, we have investment management and other services that I think will be a good fit again for their consumer, as well as business customers within Key.
Beth Elaine Mooney - KeyCorp: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And with that, it concludes our remarks and our conference. Thank you very much and have a great day.
