Chris Gorman: Sure, John. So as you look at it, in the last couple of years, we've had the benefit of a lot of strength in the consumer loan engines that we've built around both mortgage which is up basically 7x since 2016. And of course, Laurel Road which has exceeded our expectations. As we look forward, I think you're going to see the commercial side leading the growth. And if you look back from the second quarter to the third quarter and the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we had total loan growth of 4% in each of those quarters adjusted for both PPP and indirect auto. And where I think you're going to see the growth continue is, first of all, let's talk a little bit about just what the utilization rates are. Our historic utilization rates have been mid-30s. Right now, we're at 27%. Every percent that we go up is $1 billion. So that's one source of growth. We called the bottom of that at the end of the second quarter. And this quarter, for example, were up 75 basis points. On utilization, it's my view that once people can get product, they will probably build inventory to a degree even greater than they had prior. And that's because I think people have learned a lesson on just in time. And also in an inflationary environment, there's just not a lot of cost to going long on inventory, so to speak. Other than that, we also have -- in our targeted scale approach, we have some areas that really generate outsized loan growth. And you think about our focus on health care, there's certainly a lot of consolidation going on there, our focus on technology. Then we have a couple of real drivers that I mentioned in my remarks. One is renewable energy which obviously, there's a tremendous amount of capital flowing into. And the other is this notion of affordable housing which is really -- a real unmet need in our country. So if you think about our backlogs and you think about our current trajectory, I think our guidance is pretty logical.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So this is a business that for the last decade, we've had a compound annual growth rate of 15%. And so it's a business that has a good track record of growing. I think it's important to note that in this line, our investment banking line, we don't have any trading revenue. So some of the extreme volatility that one might expect to see from trading, one, we don't have it as part of our business. We trade just to provide liquidity for our customers. But certainly, within our investment banking line, we don't have any of those revenues. The other thing that gives me comfort are, obviously, our backlogs are stronger today than they were a year ago. We have more bankers on the street, as Don just mentioned, out talking to more customers. In addition to that, we've made other investments. We've bought boutiques that we've successfully integrated. We also have hired groups of bankers that are on the platform. I've said for a long time that I thought that it was a platform that was under leveraged. The other thing that gives us a lot of opportunity to do businesses when you're a middle market bank, obviously, the number of targets as you kind of go down the pyramid expand geometrically. And so there's really a lot of potential customers out there for us to be calling on. And the customers that we do have, because we've picked areas like I just mentioned, whether it's renewables or affordable housing, there's a lot of repeat issuers as a normal part of their business. So we have a lot of repeat business.
Chris Gorman: No. I think what we're really focused on is making sure we continue to maintain growth in that business in spite of coming off of a year where we grew it by 49%.
Chris Gorman: It's a wide range, Gerard. And it ranges from investment-grade debt that we would be distributing to on the other end of the spectrum. We would be distributing to Fannie, Freddie, FHA/HUD, 10-year nonrecourse debt. And in those instances, obviously, we wouldn't be retaining any for our balance sheet. So it's really our kind of criteria for what we hold on our balance sheet and what we distribute. First and foremost, we start with what is in the client's best interest. And when markets are as open as they are now, there's -- and we have a moderate risk appetite, there are certainly other places where we can better serve our clients than on our balance sheet. And then the other thing we think about, again, keeping our moderate risk profile is just not having a lot of risk in any one name. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Chris Gorman: In any given year, it's not unusual for 1/3 to half of our issuers to be repeat customers of ours. And so in certain -- to your question, in certain businesses, for example, if you're a real estate developer in low income housing, low income which is the same as affordable, your business is built around putting these projects in and we're in the business of helping them do that and then providing the permanent financing by placing it.
Chris Gorman: What's interesting, even though the stimulus programs clearly are waning as we look at our book, there's about $5 billion of deposits for our consumers that are greater than pre-pandemic. So there's still a lot of cash in the system, for sure.
Chris Gorman: It's really the latter, Erika. We said today that we will generate positive operating leverage in 2022 but that assumes that we are out there and we're investing. And we're investing in our existing people. We're out successfully hiring people. As you know, we've made a lot of niche acquisitions. We continue to see a lot of flow there. So it's really -- we will achieve positive operating leverage but we will clearly invest in our team. We think we have a unique platform. We think it's under leveraged and we'll continue to invest in it.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. So you're right. For us, it's a -- on a relative basis, it's not as important. But kind of starting at what is most important is we're a relationship bank. And so it is very, very important to us that we have a value proposition that is attractive to our existing customers and to our clients. Currently, 22% of all our checking accounts are what we call hassle-free. And by definition, you can't overdraft with that account. And also there are absolutely no fees on a monthly basis. Having said that, obviously, in the last couple of weeks, there's been a series of changes in sort of where the market is and we will continue to reassess where we are making sure that it's a, as I say, a great value proposition for both our customers and our prospects.
Chris Gorman: So those -- if you look at overdraft fees for us in 2021, I think they were just over 1.5% and we haven't made any formal changes in our model yet as we're assessing where we're going to come out.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So a couple of things. We, like everybody else, are seeing wage pressure. And if you go back five years and you look at our entry-level teammates, depending on what they do, what their background was, what geography they're in, their starting wages are up over 40%. So that's over five years. That's real and we've been seeing that. Also, there's wage -- there's certain areas where there's even more wage pressure. One would be certain areas around analytics and technology. Those employees and teammates are obviously very valuable and we're recruiting in those areas. So you see inflation there. And then it's pretty well documented, we and others gave junior bankers in our Investment Banking business increases sort of mid-cycle. So that's kind of where we've seen it. And from an overall planning perspective, we typically would think that we would have 2% merit increases every year. We're budgeting for 3% to 4% this coming year, Mike.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So it's a few things. It's -- first of all, the fact that -- and I mentioned this earlier, the line item that you're looking at doesn't have any trading in it. We trade just for the benefit of our customers' liquidity. We have a lot of repeat customers. We, as you know, Mike, have built the business on this notion of targeted scale around certain sectors of the economy that are growing and that need capital, places like health care technology and I mentioned a couple of the subsectors as well. And we continue to add to our platform. I mean as I mentioned, we have a unique and underleveraged platform that we continue to hire teammates. We grew our number of senior bankers by 10% last year. I'm looking at our backlogs. Obviously, there's no guarantees in the deal business but I feel really good about our team and I feel good about the momentum of the business in spite of the fact that, as you point out, we're up 49% year-over-year.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, the one data point that I mentioned was in the West, we grew our loans on the consumer side by 17% in 2021. And a lot of that -- this goes back to targeted scale, a lot of that growth was frankly around mortgages for doctors and dentists.
Chris Gorman: That's one of the areas. But I just think the demographics -- the point I was making on the West is just the demographics are much stronger than other parts of our franchise and it's really important for us, we're focused on growing in the West, growing in growth markets. And so the opportunity there is about 2x. And in terms of households, we grew households 2x in 2021 in the West.
Chris Gorman: So there are a lot of opportunities. Because we've been involved in the fintech space as an investor, as a partner for well over a decade, we're pretty tied into the ecosystem. It's not unusual for us to see 10 or 15 deals a month. So there are a lot of opportunities. Our first screen is always how does this help us distinguish ourselves with our customers? And a lot of fintechs are very good at taking out one particular pain point for a certain client set. And so that's kind of how we look at it. So I think there'll be a lot of opportunities. The interesting thing for us is XUP is one of the first fintechs that we've acquired that's exclusively focused on our commercial franchise. In the past, we've really made investments on the consumer side. So I think going forward, not at the expense of the consumer side but you'll see us continue to invest on the commercial side.
Chris Gorman: So there's a couple of things going on there. As you think about our consumer business, let's start with Laurel Road. They had obviously about $2 billion of originations in spite of what was a federal student loan payment holiday all year. So I think actually, there's a little pent-up demand there. As you think about our mortgage business, that will come down in terms of volume. We had originations of $14 billion this year. We're about half purchase half refi. We will exceed the MBA numbers and take share in both of those but I would expect purchase to continue to rise. And obviously, based on our forecast for interest rates, we would expect refi to drop off rather significantly.
Chris Gorman: Yes, it's a good question. It really goes back to what's in the client's best interest. And there will be some times where a financing, we will actually -- we won't hold any of it, sometimes we'll hold a piece of it. So any fluctuation you'll see there is really just a function of us taking our clients to the market that we think suits them best.
Chris Gorman: Again, thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Yes, Chris, the only two things I would add to that really are, again, we're seeing a lot of benefit from adding senior bankers. We talked about adding 10% senior bankers this year and they're helping to drive that commercial growth for us going forward. And so continue to be excited about the benefit from that. And then, if you look at the period-end balances, the only thing that I would caution there is that it still includes about $1.6 billion worth of PPP balances. We saw $1.5 billion of forgiveness this past quarter. And so that will become a smaller and smaller part of the overall pie. But still excited and optimistic about the growth going forward.
Don Kimble: I'd be happy to that, as we mentioned a little bit on the comments that we do expect expenses and also fee income to come down from the expected decline in the prepaid card activity. We did see a nice reduction in that in the fourth quarter. And the year-over-year change from that activity should be about $90 million for both fee income and expenses coming down. In addition to that, we have a similar issue going on with our operating lease area that we're going to reclassify certain leases into capital leases from operating leases. And so you can see a smaller than that but a reclassification out-of-fee income and expenses. And so it will have a reduction of both of those. And then, other categories where we would expect to have declines in 2022 compared to 2021 would include professional fees which we had some programs that finished up here in the fourth quarter and had an artificially high level in the quarter and parts of 2021 that we wouldn't expect going into 2022. And then incentives that many of our incentives are based on how our performance is compared to our plan. And we clearly exceeded our plan levels in 2021. And so we would expect incentives to be down year-over-year compared to what we had in 2021. Now hopefully, we'll have performance that exceeds expectations again next year or this year, I should say and drive that back but we'll see some outsized performance and revenue there as well. And the last piece I'd like to highlight there as far as expenses is that both in the third and fourth quarter, we made additional $15 million contributions to our charitable foundation as a result of some additional fee income that was realized. And so we should see a little lower other expense coming through there. Now you mentioned investments that we will see salaries go up year-over-year. And part of that is just the expectation that merit increases will be higher. Historically, we would see merit increases in the 2% range. And because of the market pressures and others, we will probably see 3% to 4% merit increases. And on top of that, continuing to invest in our senior bankers and we grew those at 10% this year. Our expectations will have another nice year of growth again in 2022. And the last piece of growth in expenses will be computer processing that we did see that one-line item increase year-over-year and linked quarter and we would expect to see that continue to go up a little bit overall. And so if you mesh all that together and swirled around a little bit is how you get to our guidance of being kind of low down single -- down low single digits. And so I know it's a little messy but hopefully, that helps provide a little bit more color there.
Don Kimble: Sure, can. As far as the PPP loans that we've talked to each quarter about what the fee income is that we've realized and the fourth quarter was $48 million. And so combined throughout the year, the fee income was $191 million in 2021. And then on top of that, we had normal interest income on the PPP loans of a little over $50 million. And so we think that $244 million of income actually gets cut by about $200 million between 2021 and 2022. And so that clearly is a headwind for us. And so if that would have been consistent year-over-year, we would be showing mid-single-digit kind of growth rates in net interest income as opposed to what we're reporting of being relatively stable. As far as the swaps, I don't have that off the top of my head as far as the impact for 2022. I think the important thing that -- and we've hit this on the call a little bit, is that what we're seeing from market rates today actually are at or higher than what the total portfolio of swap received fixed rates are. And so in other words, we're seeing a 125 as far as our received fixed rate that we have for our swap book and that is at or below what the current market rates would be for three or four year swap to replace it. And the only reason I hesitate as far as the swap impact beyond that, Peter, is that, that all depends on the rate assumptions and because we would expect swaps to come down as rates go up because essentially what the swaps do is help convert some of those variable rate loans to flow or to fixed rate loans.
Don Kimble: Sure, can. Each 25 basis points for the full year impact would be about $50 million to $60 million of additional net interest income. Our assumption right now that's in our asset liability management model would show about a 30% deposit beta. But we're assuming a much lower deposit beta on the first couple of rate moves in our outlook. And some of our commercial deposits are tied to the changes in LIBOR, now SOFR and others on the consumer side are more administrative rates. So we'll have a little bit of flexibility there as far as how quickly those rates move up but we would expect it to show a lower beta in the first couple of moves and then move to 30% beta overtime.
Don Kimble: I would agree that there will be some negative impact initially, Erika, for a few commercial loans to have floors that are above 0 but would expect the early rate increases that have more of a lift than that $50 million to $60 million range; that's correct.
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as the swaps, they have a duration of 2.4 years. And so if we look at the 2022 maturities, there's about $4 billion of the $25 billion that mature in that first year. We take a look at how we're positioned from an asset sensitivity perspective all the time to see where we want to target that right now, we're showing about a 5% asset-sensitive position. To the earlier point, that was with the assumption of a 30% deposit beta and our appendix, we show that for every 5-percentage point decline in that beta, our asset sensitivity actually increases by 1.25 points. And so there is a real impact from that. We are getting to the point where the rates are getting more attractive and more consistent with where our outlook would be. And so as we look at the loan growth that we would be expecting for this year, we'll have to continue to reassess how much of the swap book we roll over and how much we might add to if we're more and more comfortable with that forward curve and able to realize that with the swaps that we've been booking. But right now, we're not assuming any additional swaps beyond just replacing the maturities at this point in time in our outlook.
Don Kimble: Just to reemphasize that point that Chris made that think about the headwinds we have in 2022 for the PPP program of $200 million and our PPNR numbers there are at $2.8 billion. So that's a meaningful increase to our adjusted or core PPNR without that impact of the PPP forgiveness. And so we would have had an extremely strong positive operating leverage in 2022 and I think we're continuing to invest for growth and would expect that to continue to have a nice trajectory in the 2023 and beyond.
Don Kimble: Well, for that, those two line items, you would see them decline by a little bit. That wouldn't be completely removed but there are certain leases that we have currently included in our operating lease accounts that will be considered as capital leases going forward. And so you would see that operating lease income and operating lease expense both decline by $20 million to $30 million year-over-year from that. And you would see the net difference going through the net interest income; that's correct.
Don Kimble: Okay. As far as the redeployment of that $20 billion of liquidity that we were thinking that for 2022, the biggest use of that excess liquidity will really come from loan demand that we expect from this point forward that our loan balances will outpace deposit balances as far as growth. And so that will use up some of that excess liquidity in 2022, still be in a strong position after that. Our assumptions would have us reinvesting the runoff which is about $2.5 billion a quarter, plus another $1 billion to $3 billion a quarter of additional growth. And so it doesn't have any significant redeployment of that excess liquidity into the bond market at all. So -- but that's something we'll continue to evaluate and fine-tune as we go throughout the year. On the deposit assumption that we are still guiding to growth year-over-year in deposits but at a slower pace than what we've seen. I will be honest and tell you that over the last few years, we've always been wrong as far as our deposit growth and it's come in stronger than what we would have expected and the balances have retained longer than what we would have expected. But at some point in time, we do think some of that cash will be put to work as our commercial company -- our customers start to have opportunities to invest in inventory and other things like that to support their growth and we do believe the consumer at some point in time will start to use some of the cash buildup they've achieved as well.
Don Kimble: Sure. We would expect to see some normal seasonality there. The first quarter tends to be kind of a low spot on revenues for many of the areas but the day count is fewer and so that drives a lot of the revenue components. Capital markets-related revenues tend to be lower in the first quarter as well. And so with that, you would expect to see incentives coming down nicely compared to the fourth quarter as well because we have a high correlation for the incentive calculations to total revenues. Some of the other expense categories, we would expect to see some declines in some of the areas that I've mentioned before, including professional fees, the op lease expense will start to phase in and some of the other expense categories should also show some declines there because of the nonrecurring type of items that hit us in the fourth quarter also.
Don Kimble: Sure. Last quarter, we had a runoff yield of 2.1% on roughly $2.7 billion. But In the fourth quarter, we bought securities of 182 -- or excuse me, 162 and around the end of the year, that had moved up to about 180 to 190. It's actually north of 2% today. So we're getting to that point of breakeven as far as the rollover of the investment portfolio as well.
Don Kimble: Sure. And I think you hit on our priorities there. The first is to continue to support organic growth. We have seen the strong loan growth and forecasting for continuation of strong loan growth. And so that will require additional capital to support that. Second is to support a very strong dividend and we did increase the fourth quarter to $0.195 a share and still continue to target somewhere in that 40% to 50% kind of payout range. And then after that, you share buybacks to manage our overall capital position. If you're growing loans at double-digit rates, you're probably not going to be buying back as many shares as when you're growing loans at, say, 4% to 5% range. And so that will probably be slower than what it might have been over the previous years but still view that as an appropriate use of the excess capital generation that we have throughout the year.
