Donald R. Kimble: Sure, and thanks, Matt. As far as the outlook for investment banking, the pipelines are strong for us and would expect to see significant increases going forward from the level that we experienced in the first quarter. We have seen markets start to return to more normal levels and saw activities pick up in March and continue into April. So, we're optimistic that we'll see some strength going forward from that. As far as the other corporate services, that includes FX, interest rate swaps, loan fees that are not specific to the balance sheet, and we would expect to see continued good activity in that category as well.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, if you look at the change in our outlook for revenues, it really is more reflective of what happened in the first quarter as opposed to what we'd see prospectively. And so we would expect to see the compensation-related expenses go up in future quarters as we see those capital markets revenues start to return to the revenue generation for us. And so we would see increases there. We also typically would see marketing step up from the first quarter level in future periods as well. So, we would think that we would see normal type of seasonal trends in expense levels that would be consistent with the performance that we would be generating.
Donald R. Kimble: Just like last year, what we see as the major mover as far as our margin is our relative liquidity that we have on our balance sheet. And, first quarter levels of liquidity were higher than what we would've expected going into it. And I'll tell you that right now, the second quarter is even higher than what we experienced in the first quarter. And so, where we see pressure on the margin, it's more from the ballooning up of that liquidity position on the balance sheet that we're seeing core performance in the other categories maintained and loan prices have stabilized across our footprint. And so, we would expect to have a relatively stable margin absent any changes in liquidity.
Donald R. Kimble: A lot of the excess liquidity comes from temporary funding from some of our commercial customers. And so we continue to want to support those customers and will work through that. But, right now, with interest rates being so low that it tends to be just more of a placement of that cash with us, and we'll work through that over time. But right now we're allowing that to come through and again there really isn't much of a cost to us to maintain that. It's just that it does dilute the margin.
Donald R. Kimble: That would include two rate increases throughout the rest of this year. So we're not expecting that to occur right now, but that's what the baseline assumption would be for that.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. Back in October when we announced the transaction, we said that we expected to see about $550 million of merger-related expenses. That's still our current estimate. And we would expect that to accelerate between now and especially the systems conversion and bank consolidations, which we expect to occur later this calendar year, so sometime in the fourth quarter. So we would expect you to see increases again in the second quarter and then again in the third and then again in the fourth. And so the majority of them would be handled through, say, middle of 2017, but you will see an acceleration of those types of costs throughout the rest of the year.
Donald R. Kimble: Gerard, I'll go ahead and take a first crack at this and then let Bill provide additional color. But keep in mind, as far as oil and gas we applied the standards that came out from the regulators at the end of the quarter across our entire oil and gas portfolio. So even though our loans that we would agent haven't been subjected to the SNC review, we do believe that we have applied this across the entire portfolio. And as far as the oil and gas area that we do primarily just participate in facilities that are led by other agent banks, but we do have broader relationships with those clients and still is consistent with our overall relationship strategy.
Donald R. Kimble: One way to think about it would be is that we maintain about 6% reserves at the end of the fourth quarter for total oil and gas. That's increased to 8% at the end of this quarter, and we also had about $15 million worth of charge-offs in oil and gas in the current quarter. And so that essentially provides a little bit more of a walk forward as to what drove the change there.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure, Mike, this is Don. And you're right, Chris is not with us in the room and he's busy working through the integration with First Niagara. Rates have come down, you're absolutely right. And we would have assessed that First Niagara's balance sheet position using our same assumptions and balance sheet mix would be very comparable to where we were from an asset sensitivity. So I don't know that it's a disproportionate impact to First Niagara compared to what we would have thought before. As far as overall expense saves, as Beth mentioned earlier, we continue to be very confident in achieving our expense targets. And as we've talked before, our internal targets we've established are higher than what we've set externally and that's what we're holding our teams accountable to and look to provide more color as we play through that.
Donald R. Kimble: Yeah. As far as our deposit funding costs, it really reflects some of the mix change we saw in the current period. And I would say that that mix change is really driven by our efforts to make sure that we can continue to grow our core retail deposit base, and there's a lot of value for that, not only from the LCR perspective, but also from a core business perspective. And so during the past quarter to two quarters, we've been starting to implement some targeted programs to increase time deposits, along with certain money market type of products, and had a lot of success in growing and deepening the share of wallet for those retail customers and would expect to continue to do that. And so, absent those types of efforts, we would expect the overall deposits to remain relatively stable and haven't seen much in the way of increased aggressive deposit pricing.
Donald R. Kimble: I would say relatively stable. And I think we were up 2 basis points linked quarter, and so I would categorize that as a net kind of almost relatively stable type of category.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as where we're seeing the growth, we've talked for the last year and a half about how we've been adding senior bankers not only in our Corporate Bank, but also in our Community Bank. And where we've been adding those bankers is where we're seeing that incremental growth. And so we're really seeing that from picking up new relationships and growing the book based on those investments we've been making. So we've been very pleased with that. As far as where we've been pulling back, we've talked in the past about certain markets where we see in the multifamily housing that it's gotten a little overheated, and therefore we've pulled back on that a little bit, and we continue to reassess other areas of concern. But generally, that's been the area where we've seen the most adjustment.
Donald R. Kimble: Yeah. We typically don't provide quarterly-specific guidance. But I will tell you that we would expect a meaningful increase from the first quarter levels to what we'd see in the next several quarters. And that's based on what we're seeing from a pipeline and based on what we are seeing in activity later in the quarter and continuing in the first part of this quarter. So I don't want to imply that it's going to be more than double from where it is in the current quarter, but we should see a meaningful increase there.
Donald R. Kimble: Right now, we're right in that 2% to 3% kind of asset sensitive range, right around 2.5%. The swap increase reflects the increase in our LIBOR based loans and also the fact that we issued some CDs this quarter, so we had increase in some of the fixed rate liabilities as well. And so it was more just the overall balance sheet management and making sure that we maintain in that general range and still believe that we'll probably continue to maintain somewhere in that 2% to 3% type of asset sensitive range for the rest of the year.
Beth Elaine Mooney: Yes, Mike, this is Beth, and we are looking at the proximity of the two markets, and how do we -- where and how we perform work. And so, there are moves to look at leveraging both lower cost space, a very attractive workforce in terms of skills and tenure, as well as an attractive labor market from a cost point of view. So, we are looking at balancing out where and how work gets done, as well as some of the efforts we had underway. For example, we were in the process of standing up our mortgage capabilities and given that First Niagara had a full-fledged mortgage operation from origination through servicing, we will be building upon that in Buffalo. So we're doing a variety of things where we look at how to optimize the portfolio of locations, workforces, and skills in a way that I think will be beneficial to our cost synergy.
Beth Elaine Mooney: Yes, Gerard. We are tracking. As you know, the approvals for the transaction will come from Department of Justice, who would be reviewing divestiture requirements for competitive purposes, and then our two primary regulators, the Federal Reserve and the OCC. So we are working through the process there very constructively, and all that is on track and on the timeline that we would have anticipated to meet a third quarter closing for the transaction. And as it relates to other entities, such as community groups, elected officials, we have been very present and had a lot of constructive dialogue. One important piece of this was the announcement of our Community Benefits Plan that we were successful in entering into with the NCRC on a national basis, which is a significant milestone on the community group front. And then as across other constituents, again, dialogues have been constructive, proactive, and against the parties who will approve it, we are tracking against the expectations we set with a third quarter close.
Beth Elaine Mooney: All right. Thank you, operator, and again, we thank all of you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investors Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks, and again, thank you for your participation today.
