Don Kimble: That’s a great question. As far as the impact, I’m talking about $9.5 billion of our investment portfolio, which is in our short-term treasuries. And that’s just repricing those securities at basically a 2-year yield on the assets. So it’s picking up over 200 basis points on that $9.5 billion. The other piece would be to reprice our swap book, which is a little over $27 billion, and that has an average life of 2.5 years. And just repricing that, combined with the short-term treasuries, would yield over $700 million in run-rate benefit. As far as capturing that earlier, we will always take a look to see how we can, and we’ve done some things such as forward starting swaps and other things to position the portfolio to start to benefit from that in earlier quarters. But we feel good about how we’re positioned and with the opportunity to realize that over the next couple of years.
Don Kimble: Sure, Ebrahim. Obviously, the time to prepare for any kind of a downturn is long before the downturn. And so if you go back, over the last 10 years, we have been de-risking Key. And if you look in areas like, for example, housing and gateway cities, we’ve been dialing that back for some period of time. The actions that we’ve taken more recently, of course, is we exited indirect auto last year. We had a $3.3 billion book that we exited. And then we are constantly looking at our portfolio, any place that there is leverage we focus intently on. And we focus on certain places where we think there is been a run-up in asset values. So for example, we’ve been dialing back loan-to-value percentages in places like the West. That kind of gives you an idea. The notion of what goes on our balance sheet and what we distribute we do what’s best for our clients. And when you get into markets such as we have right now where there is dislocation, that’s obviously an opportunity, and we went from about 18% typically on our balance sheet up to 22%. And obviously, 4% of $36 billion is a lot.
Don Kimble: Sure, Ken, that you’re right that the starting point here that we haven’t seen a lot of pressure on deposit rates. And so we’ve got a very low beta for the quarter as a 2-basis-point increase in and average interest-bearing deposit costs compared to about a 60-basis-point increase in the LIBOR would suggest about a 3.5% to 4% deposit beta. We think the incremental betas will increase from here going forward. And by the end of the year, as we talked about in the last call, we do expect that incremental beta in the – towards the end of the year to be closer to that 30% range that – so that’s really our expectations. We will start to see more customer changes and more competition for deposit rates going forward.
Don Kimble: Steve, this is Don. And as far as the loan growth, you’re right, the updated guidance is 9% to 11%. Deposits are expected to be up 1% to 3% year-over-year. That implies relatively stable deposits through the rest of the year. We do have some investment security maturities. We also will tap the wholesale market as far as funding that one of the benefits of originating residential real estate loans adds to our capacity as far as borrowing at the home loan and we can do that in a cost-effective way. Loan-to-deposit ratios were currently below 80% on our balance sheet. Typically, we would target between 90% and 95% loan-to-deposit ratio. So we’ve got plenty of room to work through that. I would say that we will continue to monitor this. But as Chris has highlighted a couple of times, we want to support our customers. And in these markets, we are going to see more customer demand for loans than we are probably going to see for capital markets opportunities. And so we will continue to see that. We could see that reverse at some point in time. And help alleviate some of the pressure on loan growth overall.
Don Kimble: And then on the deposit side as well, historically, we would have had a deposit beta of around 40% to 45%. And I would say that our deposit mix is much different today than what it was during the last rate increase cycle. Then on the consumer side, we are very focused on core primacy accounts or operating accounts for the consumer as opposed to historically we might have been more focused on promotional money market type of products and programs. And so we should see less interest rate sensitivity there. On the commercial side, we are seeing now 85% of our deposits are in core operating accounts, and that’s probably up 5 points to 10 points from what it was just 3 years ago. So, that mix should be helpful for us to continue to manage that beta down longer term compared to what the historic levels were for us. And so we will probably drift above that 30% level, but I think we will be well below that 40% to 45% level that we were historically.
Don Kimble: Well, we will see some shift there just because of the impact of the higher rates and earnings crediting rate that we provide to help manage fees. And so as rates go up, you might see less of a need to keep some of the funds there and they might look to put some of those in other interest-bearing categories, but it still does imply that we will see less shift than what we would have historically just because of the higher level of operating account balances.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. I can probably add a little bit more color to that as well. And that if you look at our allowance, it is very quantitative in the approach. I would say that under CECL, what you do is take a look at the foreseeable period as far as forecasted losses. And so for us, that’s a 2-year type of period. And so even in a recession, you would see those 2 years of losses go up from where they are at today. And then we will start to migrate back to the norm. And so you might think that with the longer life loans as far as the residential real estate or even our student loans to Laurel Road, that you would see that for the entire life. And you really would. You would see it spike in that first 2-year period. And so it might imply somewhere between a 40-basis-point or 50-basis-point kind of increase to the allowance, but it wouldn’t be a doubling, it would be our best guess at this point in time.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Ken. Good morning. Well, one of the things we really like about the business is it is a variable cost business, and you saw that reflected in our expense numbers. In terms of the trajectory of the business, the pipelines with the exception of equity, as you can well imagine, remains stronger this year than they did at this time last year. Having said that, the real challenge is going to be what is the actual yield. And as you think about, for example, the M&A market, there is a disequilibrium right now between publicly-traded companies and where these private companies are being priced, and there is a bit of price discovery. I think it’s going to take a while for that to shake out. But in my experience, it does shake out. And so I think the back half, given – if we can get some cooperation from the markets, I think the back half will generate some momentum. The other thing I will share with you about this business and you’ve been following us for a long time, this is a business that we believe in and we will continue to invest in. And it’s been challenging, frankly, to be out in the hiring market in this ride up in the last couple of years. And so you’ll see us invest in this business and hiring more people in sort of a flat or down market than we have in the past. Thanks for your question.
Chris Gorman: I think it can. And the reason I said I think, as we go into an inevitable downturn and clearly, the economy is slowing. I think you are going to see sort of a re-pricing of risk, and I think we will be in a good position with the relationships that we have to garner that. And so I think the answer to your question is, I think it will.
Chris Gorman: So, obviously – first of all, good morning Erika. Obviously, we are really comfortable with where our reserves are today. A few things to keep in mind, both on our commercial and our consumer side. And I will start with the consumer. That book of business at funding is about – FICO scores of about 780. So, it’s a little bit of a unique customer base as it relates to our consumers. So, that’s one thing to keep in mind. The other thing on the commercial side is, as I have mentioned earlier, we have been consistently de-risking all of Key. And we also have been consistently laying off about 72% of the risk that kind of flows through Key. And there were a lot of deals that we are able to place that don’t meet our moderate risk profile. So, I am very comfortable with where our reserves are now. As you can imagine, we are modeling continually just a whole lot of different scenarios. But at the moment, we are very comfortable with where our reserve is. You will recall, last quarter, we actually increased our qualitative reserve just on the premise that, under CECL, our macro view had changed and clearly there were some more challenges out there.
Chris Gorman: Well, I think there is no question that depending on how people are funded, I think banks, in general, will be able to gain share. And the nice thing about a downturn, Erika, is you can have things structured the way you want to structure them to put them on your balance sheet. I think there is no question that, in this location, it will be an opportunity for us to gain market share given our relationships, and given that we can have things structured the way we would like them to structure because the market is obviously adjusting as we speak.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Matt. So, we are obviously very comfortable at 9.2%. Frankly, I would be comfortable at even a range that’s a little broader than that. 9% to 9.5% was just an internal range that we had put in place. As it relates to capital actions, first and foremost, as Don mentioned in his remarks, we preserve our capital to help our clients grow. So, that’s the first thing. The second thing is obviously our dividend, which is very important. And then our third tertiary priority is the repurchase of shares. And so I feel very good about where we are from a capital perspective.
Chris Gorman: Well, as you know, in the past, we have bought businesses, and I am really proud of our ability to integrate these entrepreneurial businesses. But what I was really focused on in my comments is sort of organic individual hires that we think would be a good cultural fit to plug into our platform.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, let me give you an example. Say someone is trying to privately raise debt and there is all these debt funds and there is all these unitranche offerings, and all of a sudden, those markets frees up. But whoever is the sponsor behind the deal has significant capital. We can then go back to the parties involved that we have a relationship with and we would say, we won’t structure it the way – we are trying to structure it to place it out in the market, but we would be pleased to put a very conservative amount of debt on our balance sheet, and you, sponsor, will need to come up with more equity. That would be an example. Another example would be, a company that we were going to take public that we could continue to fund in a variety of ways until they go public. A third example would be, a large – let’s say it’s a large, affordable project that wanted ultimately to place the paper with one of the agencies. But because of dislocation, you couldn’t do that. That’s a deal that we could bridge over a period of time with a known takeout. That would be a few examples.
Chris Gorman: There is no question I am optimistic about the business long-term. Mike, as you know, how these markets play out over the next six months is, in fact, anybody’s guess. But we are playing the long game. We are investing in the business. The pipelines are there. I don’t see anything happening in the equity market, for example, in the next three months or six months. I do think this price discovery that I discussed earlier in the M&A market, I do think that buyers and sellers will start to come together on that.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
