Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we really -- we don't know when the outcome is going to take place because we haven't received the instructions yet from the regulators. As I commented on, all of us in the industry are really waiting for the process to be further articulated by the regulators. Once we have that, then we'll be in a better position to give some type of indication as to when we would expect to see things coming out, but I would assume that the regulators would make that public as to what their timing would be.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think if you look at our ending balance basis, we think that average balances will be up in the fourth quarter and it does have some degree of sensitivity associated with it, using our short-term liquidity. So we have 2 things in the guidance that were provided. One is that we have debt that matures here in the fourth quarter. And the second item that we have provided is that we expect to have loan growth, so there is some degree of sensitivity associated with that. The thing that would be negative against that is just that we have a much larger inflow of deposits, and we'd still end up with some short-term investments. But net interest income should be up in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: I think that you answered it. We don't know at this particular point in time. We have to wait to see greater transparency coming out of the process and, of course, ongoing dialogue that we may have as the process unflow -- unfolds here. So we're not able to respond any further at this point in time.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we haven't provided specific guidance on 2012 at this point in time, Matt. But suffice it to say that while we stopped reporting on our expense initiative, it is still alive and running in the organization, so we're still focused on expenses. I think both Beth and I commented on it that expenses do remain well managed and controlled. And we're going to have to continue to stay on top of that in this somewhat challenging revenue environment.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, we've talked about in the past a range of around $300 million to $340 million. That's been the prior range that we provided. I think in terms of looking at the fourth quarter, we do expect to see a little bit of an increase in our net interest income. I think in terms of expenses, they'll still be very well controlled. I think on the fee revenue side of the equation, there are a couple of things there that just looking at the gain that we had on the redemption of the trust preferred securities, as well as principal investing was very strong here in the current quarter. So those would probably be not as strong -- principal investing won't be as strong in the fourth quarter would be the expectation. And then also, we wouldn't have the gain on the trust preferreds that we had in the third quarter. So if I were to guide in that particular level, it would be most likely below what we experienced just because of those 2 items that we had during the current quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. I'll ask my colleagues to comment on that in just a second. But with respect to the swap book, it had very little impact, very little during the current quarter. Almost 0 impact there, so only a minor drag on that. I think the overall yield as you have pointed out was down but at 3.98% is certainly in line, as we looked at the pure comparisons. And it's also a remixing of the book. You have older loans that are rolling off. You have newer loans that are coming on. But I know that the rest of the team could comment on what they're seeing from the competitive front.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, for the time being, I think that's a reasonable expectation, given our overall risk profile of the company. Our FDIC insurance certainly has come down significantly.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: We did have a $13 million gain that we identified, associated with the redemption of our trust preferred securities.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think what we would talk about here. We have several other books that are in exit. So if you look at the Marine book and some of the national home equity book, those are higher yield and those are in exit, but there's no new originations that are taking place. I think Chris Gorman just commented on a lot of them are in the LIBOR plus 2 in the quarter range that for new originations on the commercial side of the equation. I don't know, Bill, what you...
Jeffrey B. Weeden: And even higher than LIBOR plus 200, 300, 400, too. It depends on -- everything depends on a risk profile.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it's difficult to give you that exact amount until we see kind of how the ending credit balances end up. So there still -- the expectation is the charge-offs will exceed the amount of the provision and that we are in a longer-term cycle coming down here, in terms of overall nonperforming loans, criticized or identified in the materials today also continue to decline. So I think in terms of how we're going to have to look at this charge-offs now for the third quarter on an annualized basis were at 90 basis points. The reserve is at 235. So depending on how that outlook continues to look, which still seems to be a favorable trend in place. It will be coming down, but I can't tell you what the floor may be. I don't think that there's -- In GAAP, I don't think there is "a floor that would apply." So you have to kind of look at how it builds up each and every quarter.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, Kevin, this is Jeff Weeden. What we experienced in the third quarter with the rollover of the CD book, we actually saw about 65% to 70% remaining in the CD book and then an additional 10% or so that went in to other transaction deposit accounts. So we've got a fairly good retention rate at this particular point in time. Fourth quarter maturities that were identified there, but $2.5 billion and, of course, there's a lot of 7-day to 1-month to 6-month types of CDs that just continue to roll over. I think as you look out into 2012, we have about $1.7 billion that would mature in the first quarter, $1.6 billion in the second quarter, $1.5 billion in the third quarter and then it drops off to about $800 million. But I think the real point here is that, in the third quarter of next year, which goes back to those CDs that were put on in the financial crisis when things kind of dried up at that point in time. We have $1 billion worth of CDs in the third quarter of next year that have an average yield or cost of money of about 5%, 5.06%. In total, between what we have that matures between the October 1 and December 31 next year, of prior to 2009 CDs. So 2008 and prior, is about $2.8 billion of that total and those have an average yield of 4.87%. So if we think about that particular book of business as that rolls off and we have repricing opportunities, it gives us a little bit more confidence as we look at our forward margin. Now, of course, it is asset/liability management so you also have to look at the asset side of the equation, too, for repricing that exist there. But it does give us more confidence. I just wanted to leverage that we have here a Key to continue to show some positive momentum in our margin going forward.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, it is a dynamic process, so I think you have to look at both on the asset side, as well as the liability side. And I think in terms of if we have continued loan growth and we have some degree of expansion, I think that gives us some confidence there. But we haven't provided yet our 2012 guidance with respect to where we see various things playing out. But certainly it is a more of what I call a positive tone, which is why I said I believe that what we have in -- for the fourth quarter reversing some of the trends that we've had over the last several quarters. We see it as a more positive forward view at this point in time.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Well, I think we have to look at the liability side of the equation and the duration of the deposits that we would be taking in. So certainly in some cases, you can do various things besides putting on investment securities. You could always look at extending the duration through the swap book at that particular point in time, but swap rates aren't what I call overly attractive. But it does give you an opportunity to extend some of the duration while maintaining the liquidity that may be necessary, in the event that loans do pick up even further and faster. So it's possible the investment book could show some new growth, but that is not the -- that's not the current vision that we would have. It would be used upon the loan growth.
Jeffrey B. Weeden: Gerard, we would in all likelihood once we find out what the SIFI buffer would be. We would look at our overall risk profile. But in all likelihood, we would carry something in excess of that and have that as an internal trigger. So we don't want to carry things just that they're regulatory minimums. We're going to operate in a safe and sound fashion going forward and maintain flexibility. Certainly, we have considerable amount of capital right now that provides us a great deal of flexibility, I think, as we look at Basel III implementation into the future.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure, Jeff. I mean, Bryan, there's a couple of buckets. There's Key, overall, and I think point-to-point we're probably down something like 3% Key overall. The preponderance of the real estate loans are in the real estate line of business. And that gets a little more interesting in that if you look at our real estate line of business on an average basis we're down, call it $700 million or 8.1%. But on a point-to-point, we're actually up $20 million and we have a pretty decent pipeline. So we feel pretty good about the comment that it was going to stabilize in the third quarter and grow in the fourth.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Matt, it's Chris Gorman. Just to augment Jeff and Bill's comment a bit. I think Jeff is spot on. Because we are winning a lot of new clients, we have a lot of newer loans that are replacing older ones. For example, on the corporate bank on a C&I basis point-to-point we're up about 14% just in the last quarter. And underneath that, there's a fair amount of movement so that's, I think, the biggest factor. In terms of our competitive perspective, we still see C&I book for kind of crossover credits 225 bps over LIBOR or so. We see that holding. And in terms of structure, I would say with spreads blowing out in August and September, I think, structure has actually become more favorable and pricing on the margin is more favorable during the last 60 days.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: I would add as you look at our real estate book which we just chatted about, the new originations there would look to be kind of 275, 280 over LIBOR.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: The only insight I could give you on that is as you look at the annualized build and you look at the last couple of months, there has been an increase in the last couple of months as you annualize it. And we're seeing -- and as you know, Jeff, we don't have a whole lot of exposure to the automobile industry, but we do have some clients, obviously, that have secondary and tertiary exposure. And almost without exception, those companies are doing pretty well. So I would say it's coming off a low base, but it continues to increase.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: No, I think, my personal opinion is as you look at the annualized builds, I don't think it looks transitory. I think it looks like a very slow return. But keep in mind this is an industry that at one point was what? 17.5 million units a year, so there's a long way to go.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: We don't, Jeff, see their Export business slowing in our discussions and looking at their backlogs. But clearly, as a result of the stronger dollar, the profitability from that activity is, in fact, slowing.
William R. Koehler: Matt, this is Bill Koehler. I would say the market is competitive, but I wouldn't say it's any more competitive today than it was a quarter or two ago. We do see pressure on pricing in any given situation on any given day. It has been more in the form of pricing and at least in the middle market less on structure, but we are seeing some pressure on structure in any given situation. Our yields and spreads have held up, by and large, and we think that's an indication of the strength of our relationship strategy.
William R. Koehler: I would say in the Middle Market, again, you got -- it depends on the risk profile, but we'll see LIBOR plus 2 in the quarter and some of the more leveraged credits and you could be down in the LIBOR plus 150 and some that are stronger. So that's probably a decent range.
William R. Koehler: Nancy, our focus with respect to debit in the regulatory environment is to acquire and retain engage clients. And when we say engage, we mean people who are choosing to use us as their primary bank. In that regard, you may have seen Key relationship rewards and the offering we announced about 2 weeks ago and what that is focused on is clients who want to build a relationship with us and rewarding them for that loyalty. Key relationship rewards promotes choice. It promotes control. And we think it's fair and the response we've gotten from our clients who have asked us about it and others out there in the market has been very, very good.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Nancy, that's a great question. And I do think as we talk about the fact we have fundamentally repositioned our business mix, our risk profile and our company, part and parcel of that was to become a core-funded institutions. It's been 1 of our 5 path to progress to the future as we've identified the things we need to do. I consider that a permanent repositioning that we are now a core-funded company. As we think about what that means for shaping our geography, we clearly have found our way to become core-funded through the strength of our Community Bank franchise and our enhancements to our deposit network, as well as our business strategy around customer service and serving the clients in our market. We continue to invest in certain growth markets, primarily Portland, Seattle and Colorado. But given the economics of our industry, we're also continuing to look at productivity, where clients are using us in channels and making sure we're as efficient as we can be and our strategies in many ways around our branches are maturing, so we will continue to selectively invest in order to support our relationship strategy, but we are pleased with where our franchise is.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, on that question, I'll ask Bill Koehler the President of our Community Bank because we have done some things to reposition our product and differentiate ourself.
Beth E. Mooney: Mike, this is Beth Mooney, and that was not in this year's vote. That would be 2 years ago that we were a company that did receive a no on say on pay. And this year, that was not the case. And our board who manages our compensation and our Executive compensation programs took that vote very seriously, made a number of improvements that they announced and shared in the spring, and we were successful with our say-on-pay vote this year.
Beth E. Mooney: Our board sets our incentive plans and does so in conjunction with outside consultants, as well as counsel and those are disclosed, the terms of our incentive compensation programs are described fully in our proxy done by the board in their role and oversight of the organization.
Beth E. Mooney: Henry Meyer is not an employee nor an Executive Officer of the corporation. We did, upon his retirement, ask him to remain for a period of a year. His primary role as a new CEO, you can only imagine the challenges of our industry, as well as the time as well as establishing our story with our investors is in a community role, where he has helped transition community and client relationships. And has specifically aided me in that regard.
Beth E. Mooney: Again, it's disclosed in our proxy and I will apologize I don't remember on the top of my head, but it is disclosed and it was subject to an 8-K filing at the time.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Eric, this is Beth. We are -- as we indicated, we are in the process of doing our 2012 Budgeting and Planning cycle which would also include looking at a potential dividend increase. I think the best way I could frame how you could think about that is we do have a board-approved dividend policy that indicates that the range with which we would look at a dividend payout would be somewhere between 20% to 30% of income. And while we have not finalized, obviously, those 2012 plans, that is sort of approved policy.
Beth E. Mooney: The regulatory approval, as we have discussed earlier, we would submit our capital plan which would include a dividend recommendation from the company and the board as well as other capital actions and that would all be subject to regulatory approval.
Beth E. Mooney: All right. Thank you, operator, and again we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. We believe we are well positioned and we will focus on and manage that which we can control, as well as the execution of our relationship strategy. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team. Vernon Patterson or Kelly La Mer at (216)689-4221, and that concludes our remarks today. Thank you.
