Beth Mooney: Thank you operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp's, third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me for today's presentation is Don Kimball, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; EJ Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. Turning to slide three. Key’s third quarter reflects solid trends in our core businesses, good credit quality, and disciplined capital management. However, overall results did not meet our expectations. We will provide more color and context around our results, as well our expectations for improvement in the fourth quarter.  In both the Community and Corporate Bank, revenue increased relative to previous quarter; however, the improvement was more than offset by lower gains from principal investing and leverage lease terminations. Average loans increased 5% from the year ago period, driven by a 11% increase in commercial, financial, and agricultural loans.  Linked quarter average balances showed a modest increase. Our commercial loan growth was negatively impacted by seasonality, capital markets activity, and the exit of non- strategic assets. Period end loan numbers were up 1% reflecting growth late in the quarter, and that momentum has continued into early October.  We continue to make progress on our client focused strategy, including growth in retail clients and increasing sales productivity across our franchise. Late in the third quarter, we also closed the acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities, adding an important new industry vertical and underscoring our commitment to being the leading corporate and investment bank serving middle market clients.  There was a fair amount of activity in the expense line this quarter. A pension settlement charge and our Pacific Crest acquisition added $26 million. Absent those items, core expenses were well controlled and were down from the prior year and previous quarter, as well as below our guidance range. Additionally, we incurred $15 million in charges related to our efficiency initiatives in the quarter.  Our reported efficiency ratio was 69.5% for the quarter, and we do not find this acceptable. The ratio excluding pension and efficiency charges was 66%, which was above our previous run rate and was largely a result of lower revenues in a few categories.  It is important to note that we expect this number to come down next quarter and to continue to make progress on our efficiency goals. Don will discuss more about our path forward in his remarks.  Our strong risk management practices resulted in another quarter of good quality trends. Net charge-offs to average loans were 22 basis points, well below our targeted range. Non-performing assets declined 28% from the year ago period and our non-performing asset ratio is down to 74 basis points.  Our level of new loan originations was consistent in the quarter with the prior quarter and our new business has a better overall risk rating than our existing portfolio, and while the environment remains competitive, we are remaining disciplined with structure and staying true to our relationship strategy.  In terms of capital management, we continued to execute on our capital plans by repurchasing $119 million in common shares in the quarter and we also closed our Pacific Crest acquisition in under 60 days from the time of announcement, and remain on schedule with our integration plans.  As I look at our results, I’m encouraged by many of the trends in our core revenue and expense; however, the quarter overall did not reflect the earnings potential of our company and fell short of our expectations.  Don will spend some time discussing the details of our third quarter results and more importantly, our outlook for improved performance in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we remain on a path to achieve our full year guidance.  With that, let me turn it over to Don. 
Beth Mooney: Yes Terry, I’m going to ask Dennis Devine to augment my answer, but it was an opportunity for us to really differentiate how we are thinking about responsible banking and serving client bases that historically have been underserved and with products that are under scrutiny and concern, and we feel like we’ve done a number of things in that space to really make sure that we’ve made affordable alternatives available, and I’m going to let Dennis tell you a little bit more about that, because I do think it’s a point of distinction as well as a point of pride for a company.
Beth Mooney: Yes, I’ll go ahead. This is Beth, and give some context on that and then I’ll ask Don to give perhaps more granularity. We do look at Lean Six Sigma as an opportunity for our company and you are correct. What you would call the true Lean Six Sigma approach, the end-to-end process where you both drive for a revenue opportunity, client outcomes, as well as looking forward to ways to be more productive and efficient as an opportunity for our company.  We have launched approximately 10 different Lean Six Sigma programs. Of course our projects right now are varying in degrees of size and significance, but it is something that we are more broadly putting into the company, everything from our sales process to how we look at our credit originations.  So we are excited at early outcomes, root causes, where we are in the process and the opportunities that will yield both for revenue expenses, as well as a better client experience and I’ll let Don give a little bit more dimension to that.
Beth Mooney: Thank you operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate on our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221, and that concludes our remarks. Thank you again.
Don Kimball: Steven, this Don. What I would say is that for the last several quarters, we’ve talked about our plans to drive that efficiency ratio to the lower end of that previous guidance, and with the benefit of rates we should be able to drive it to something below 60%. So at the conference this past quarter, we changed our guidance to a long-term perspective of driving at below 60%. So we would expect to have a path to continue to drive it down from the current levels and be in that long-term guidance range over the next two to three years.
Don Kimball: I would say the concern we had was that there were questions around would we be happy if we maintained it at the higher end of that range, and so 60% to 65% range was the previous guidance. And what we are focused on is driving positive operating leverage and the outcome of that should be to continue to drive that efficiency ratio lower, and that is our expectation for next quarter going into 2015 and for the next two to three year time period. 
Don Kimball: The long end of the curve doesn’t have as much of an impact on us as the shorter end of the curve. If you look at our asset portfolio, loans typically have an average life of three years. Most of our loans are LIBOR based and so we are going to see more lift when we see the shorter end of the curve moving up.  When we look at the investment securities that we are purchasing, over the last couple of quarters, we’ve seen yields for purchases in the 2 to 2.25 level and so with the longer end of the curve coming down, it’s pushed that down a little bit, but it shouldn’t have a meaningful impact in the overall margin from what our current guidance would suggest.  And then as far as our HQLA and the LCR implications that we estimate as of September 30, that our LCR ratio would be around 80%. Our target for the first quarter of 2016 would be 90%, and we think we can get there with cushion with making some modest changes to continue to change in our mix of investment portfolio over to more Ginnie Mae’s, maybe some slight increases in the overall investment portfolio and then also some product changes, which we don’t think will be significant in any way. 
Don Kimball: Good morning Scott. Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: So I guess first question is just on loan growth. There has been a little noise in the last couple of quarters. I think last quarter it was the flattish end of period numbers, and in this quarter, a little more sluggish average.  Obviously it hasn’t caused you to alter the full year guidance, but I was just curious if you could maybe put some or make some comments around any changes in demand you are seeing or any kind of changes in your risk appetite that might have caused things these last couple of quarters to come in a bit lighted than you had anticipated, if first of all that’s an appropriate conclusion. 
Don Kimball: Our guidance was compared to the $704 million reported, because keep in mind that in the $704 million this quarter included the pension settlement of $20 million and roughly $6 million of Pacific Crest.  Next quarter we’ll have a full quarter’s worth of Pacific Crest and so that will roughly be $20 million or so of expenses and then we expect our pension charge to be lower. So again, pension we said would be in the $5 million to $10 million and so with the combination of those items, the total will be expected to be relatively stable with that $704 million reported level. Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Got it and just sneaking one last one in, given Don your comments on the LCR being at 80% now and just remixing your securities portfolio to exceed your fully phase-in requirement by 1Q ’15, and clearly you’re more sensitive to the short end of the curve. Is it fair to say that this quarter’s margin represents close to the bottom near term, even though the 10-year is at 2%. 
Don Kimball: If we look at our margin today of 2.96%, we believe that even with rates being flat with where they are at today, that the margin will hold in relatively stable for next several years and so we do believe that we are at kind of a plateau there and I think you saw that with stability in our net interest income on a relative basis compared to the previous quarter and even the previous year now and so I think that’s starting to reposition that dynamic a little bit for us. Erika Najarian – Bank of America: Great. Thank you very much. 
Don Kimball: For this quarter we had an additional consolidation of 12 branches and some other expense moves in connection with rightsizing some of the business and staff areas. And to your point, we will always have some smaller level of efficiency related changes going forward.  I would say that this year the level of them have been much higher than what we would have expected. We talked earlier in our script about $69 million worth of efficacy and pension related charges this year on a year-to-date basis, versus our full year estimate of $30 million. And so I would say that $30 million level is probably more of a full year type of projection and more of a normal environment.  What we did see this year was probably a little bit more pressure on revenues and felt that it was important for us to take additional efforts further enhance our expense reduction efforts. 
Don Kimball: And we haven’t given guidance yet for ’15, but I think that will be more of a normal level, that’s correct. 
Don Kimball: Well, we clearly want to grow, make no mistake. I mean, as we look at every single quarter, we want to grow loans, deposits, fees, clients, bankers, we want to grow across the board. We think the way to do it and the most sustainable way though is to really go at growing clients and while its tempting to buy a piece of paper or its tempting to take a big hold position, what we want to do is maintain our moderate risk profile. We think over the cycle that will serve us well. 
Don Kimball: Right. And we’re not calling those out to say that they are non-recurring, because we do expect to see a recurring level of restructuring charges. Why we call them out each quarter is that there is some fluctuation of their ability in that expense line from time-to-time and so this quarter and last quarter we had higher than normal levels of branch consolidations, which increased the level of restructuring charge. And so we think it’s just important for us to highlight what the core level of expenses are and also recognize that there is going to be some variability in that restructuring line item.  
Don Kimball: The underlying assumption is that the entire yield curve moves up by 200 basis points over a 12 month period and keep in mind though that really our asset sensitivity is more generated or source from that shorter end of the curve and so that’s where we would benefit the most and so that 10-year into the curve really doesn’t have as much of an impact.
Don Kimball: We have looked at twists and one of those would be where you see a flattening, where the short end of the yield curve moves up and that would be beneficial to us. We haven’t quoted what kind of an impact that would be, but it would be helpful just from having that LIBOR and the shorter end of the curve move up.
Chris Gorman: Well Scott, let me start with, they are always market dependent and we are always worried about market volatility as you think about our transactions.  What Don alluded to is there were a couple of significant transactions, neither of which had gone away, both of which were pushed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. But as you look at our total pipeline and we always probably adjust our pipeline, we feel pretty good about the fourth quarter. In fact, based on our interactions with our clients, the discussions we are having with our clients and our risk-adjusted pipeline, we believe the fourth quarter will be the strongest quarter of the year for us in investment banking and debt placement fees. Scott Siefers – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay, good, that’s helpful and I appreciate it. That’s it for me, so thank you.
Chris Gorman: So Ken, its Chris Gorman. With rates like this at the 10-year, what you’ll see is a significant pick up in some of things we do when we act agent, not principle. And as a result whether its Fannie, Freddie, FHA, those longer term fixed deals, you’ll see a lot of our clients opting for those.  Obviously the CMBS market has enjoyed a nice recovery this year. We think total issuance in the CMBS market will be between $90 billion and $95 billion this year. So that’s really – you really see it impacted more, our clients going long and going fixed and that really lends itself to our business model where we are functioning as agent not principal. 
Chris Gorman: Sure. This is Chris Gorman speaking. I’ll take a pass at that and then EJ Burk may have some things to add to it as well. What we’re seeing is we are very, very targeted and so as you think about our multi family business, these are people that we do a lot of business with and so its really kind of a relationship approach as opposed to sort of one piece of paper that’s sort of a one-off piece of paper.  So I would say it’s a relationship at something for our targeted owners of real estate. We are doing a lot with them. Those are the people that in fact were providing some construction loans too. So I would say that’s why it’s holding up. 
Chris Gorman: Sure Bob, Chris Gorman. Let me start by, I just want to welcome the whole Pacific Crest team onto the platform. We have been very, very pleased with how the integration has gotten since we announced this transaction just at the end of the second quarter.  In terms of revenue, they were only around for part of September. The revenue and expenses were about $6 million on each side of the equation. As we go forward, what we’ve said publicly is they had a run rate last year of between $80 million and $85 million. Their pipelines are stronger today than they were when we started talking to them way back in August of last year, August a year ago that is.  So we feel good about the trajectory of the business. We feel good about what it brings to the platform.
Chris Gorman: That’s correct, and it’s about half and half as you think about their business; half investment banking, half equity sales trading and research.
Chris Gorman: No, Terry its right. It’s something we’ve invested a lot of time. We’ve actually moved a lot of talented people into our commercial payments area. Its an area that we are very much focused on; we are getting traction on the purchase card.  The prepaid program that we are involved with, we just had a couple of major wins and based on the competitive landscape, we are actually pretty optimistic about being able to be impactful in the prepaid space, particularly because from a public sector perspective we are very focused on certain public entities that we think could benefit from it.
Chris Gorman: Sure. This is Chris Gorman speaking. I mean, the biggest driver in the high yield market is if there are net inflows or outflows and after seeing a series of launch where there were outflows, there have been inflows into the high yield market and in fact we’ve been able to price a deal, one deal already this week.  So if that market is healthier, that is the high yield market, that is very, very beneficial for transaction related revenue and we have a pretty significant M&A business. That business is up year-over-year 70% and part of the reason that its up is the availability of financing vehicle such as the high yield market.  The interesting thing that we’ve talked about before; right now our model is frankly best served when the markets have some level of disequilibrium, because we are able to move from product to product. So to the extent they are seized to be a high yield market, that would probably benefit our platform overall, because we have all the various tools that we can go to, to fill in that gap in the capital structure.
Dennis Devine: Sure. This is Dennis Devine, Co-President of the community bank leading consumer and small business; that’s absolutely right. And as you think about consumer and small business and business banking for deposits, I would certainly think about that continuum across how we think about our business banking segment and down into small business; very important segments for us. In our deposit base you see quarter-to-quarter growth. You do continue to see the improved mix of those deposits as well. So as this trench of CD’s, higher rate CD’s continues to run, you see us growing core deposits.  You see us aggressively in the context of the community bank and in the retail bank looking to grow the client base, to grow our relationship strategy, introducing the products, which have had some real success over the course of the past quarter and growing the number of clients that we are bringing to Key. And so that’s a central part of how we think about success in the community bank as the growth of core relationship clients, the deposits that come with them and certainly as the rate environment rentals see more and more value there.
Dennis Devine: Thanks Beth, and to reinforce Beth’s point specifically, it is not a deposit advance product. It’s a small line of credit that we make available, specifically to clients who traditionally have been unable to attain traditional or prime credit to the banking relationship. The criteria that we look at are deep and its based on the client’s relationship that they have with us.  Again, these are small lines and we look to build our credit history. Its very much designed to help introduce our clients to their ability to obtain and then manage credit. I think very small lines in the thousands of dollars has been a traditional max in the low end of the thousands of dollars and we’ve just extended that number up a little bit higher to try to create greater opportunity for our clients, but its designed to serve a population that wouldn’t otherwise be served in a responsible credit facing way, so that we can serve underserved populations and continue to build out the communities that we have.  But again, very much directly aligned with our relationship strategy. These are core clients of Key that have brought our relationships with us that we are looking to extend and help.
Dennis Devine: This is Dennis Devine. We’ve seen north of a 30% year-over-year increase in the activity of our mobile clients. You’ve seen us introduce very competitive and strong solutions across not just the core mobile platforms that you would traditionally expect, but across an expanded set as the devices that our clients are using as we extend into windows and Droid and Amazon capabilities.  And so as building on Beth and Don’s comments from earlier, as Key looks at its ability, both to serve its clients and to reposition our business, to serve those clients in a cost efficient and effective way, our digital investments really build upon mobile and so from a mobile first perspective is the way we think about serving many, many of our clients and on important part of our strategy is making sure that we’ve built up the talent to be able to do just that. So we’ve seen substantial growth. There is no doubt it’s the most explosive source of client activity in our business over the course of the past year. We expect that to continue. 
