Don Kimble: The one thing that’s not clear from that is, is that each year in the first quarter we have shares that are issued in connection with employee benefit plans, and that allow us to buyback additional shares. And so we have a heightened level of share buybacks in that first quarter of each year. And keep in mind that the $725 million will represent five quarters as opposed to just the four quarters.
Don Kimble: We take a look at that frequently throughout the year and try to reassess what’s the appropriate position for us. In the past and we’ve called this wrong, we continue to expect that interest rates would be going up, say 12 months down the road, and we haven’t seen that yet. And so we’ll continue to reassess and we have the flexibility to manage that overall rate risk position fairly quickly with the change in interest rate swap position.
Don Kimble: As far as the pension charge, last year in the fourth quarter, we had about a $3 million charge related to the pension settlement, and so we would expect a nominal level again here in the fourth quarter, but that should not be nearly the size of the $19 million we experienced this quarter. As far as our guidance range, we have said it's been relatively stable. And so, if you back out the pension charge, we’re up about 1% year over year, which I think is relatively stable. And to your point, we have seen some pretty strong investment banking fees, and our expense model is fairly variable to reflect the impact of those revenues. With the pension charge and with an outlook for the fourth quarter to be consistent with the third quarter level, we still think that we’re going to be in that plus or minus 2%, even though it'd be toward the higher end of that range.
Don Kimble: Great question and you are right that we've seen the efficiency ratio holding there around 65% for the last few quarters. I would say that's really reflecting a couple of things. One is that this year’s earnings stream is much more core in nature, we haven't had as much in the way of principal investing gains and leverage lease termination gains like we had last year. And so this year's growth is coming from new customer acquisition and customer related fee income. Second, as we talked before, we are making a number of investments and so we are cutting cost to be able to afford the new investments. And one of the areas we just mentioned with the addition of 60 new senior bankers throughout the franchise and those investments are fairly immature. And so as they mature, we will start to see that translate to efficiency ratio improvement over time. Keep in mind too that's just one measure for us. If you look at our positive operating leverage we've achieved for the first nine months of this year, it's a 2% positive operating leverage. So our revenue growth exceeds our expense growth by 2%. If I just look at our peer banks, which is 12 banks through June 30, we don't have one bank that has higher than a positive operating leverage of 2%. And so we think that we are doing a good job of managing the bottom line from that perspective and growing our core. We still think over the next couple of years we can drive that efficiency ratio from the 65% level down in the lower 60%s. And hopefully if rates do ever come through, that can help us go back down into the 50%s as well. But I think what you're going to need to see is more maturity of some of the investments we are making and have that translate to improvements in the overall efficiency going forward.
Don Kimble: Essentially what happens here is that based on the accounting rules that we have a threshold established based on the interest rate component of our pension expense. And so with rates being so low, that hurdle for this year was $32 million of lump-sum distribution. And as soon as we go over that, it triggers a settlement loss. And so if rates remain at this low level for a long period of time, there is risk that we can continue to see that in the third or fourth quarter of subsequent years. But at this point in time, it's difficult for us to predict when that would occur and how.
Don Kimble: You're right, there is exposure there, but what will have to happen is each of those participants would have to retire and then each of them will have to have a lump-sum distribution, otherwise you could see that $250 million being recognized over a 30 plus year time period. So difficult to predict exactly what people will select and the timing of that recognition.
Don Kimble: As far as our loan growth exceeding deposit growth, we've been talking about that for a period of time because we expect that to be an area that help us see a little bit more stable net interest margin and you are right that we are still below where we would target as far as our loan to deposit ratio long term. And so I think that is an area that we can continue to manage up. If you look at the LCR and at the end of the third quarter, we were north of 100%. So our requirement is to be at 90% plus range in the first quarter of next year. So we think that we are well positioned from that perspective. And I also like to note that in the third quarter we did see some of the more short-term focused deposits leave the bank and that will put some additional pressure on a linked quarter basis as far as the deposits being down slightly compared to the second quarter.
Don Kimble: What we just said is our full year number would be within our guidance range of mid single digit growth. So that would imply that it’s going to be in that 4% to 6% range on a full year basis.
Don Kimble: As far as principal investing gains, with market conditions overall and with the size of the portfolio shrinking, I’d say that $11 million that we have in the current quarter and for the past couple of quarters is probably appropriate run rate going forward. And so you will see some volatility there, but generally I think that’s a decent outlook. The operating lease income line item is down this quarter and that reflects a couple of things. One, we had about $4 million loss in the current quarter and we had a slight gain in the previous quarter. And so that really created the change on a period over period, but I’d say that the current level is probably a little low given the impact of that loss.
Don Kimble: The only thing I would add to that or two points, one is that if you look at the new loan originations, they have a better credit quality than the existing portfolio. And so we would expect to have a little bit lower yield if their credit quality is better. And so that’s helpful for our overall credit picture, but it has a little bit of additional pressure on the margin. And then second, I would say that linked quarter, we did see our loan fees come down a little bit which cost us a couple of basis points there as well. And so not necessarily reflective of the aggregate pricing for the portfolio, but from time to time we do see some variance there as well.
Don Kimble: I’ll tell you that we’ll provide more clarity as far as our 2016 outlook at the next quarter’s call. But as we’ve talked about for the next quarter and on a year over year basis, we’re still expecting to have net interest income increase in the low single digits. So not seeing anything fundamentally that would change that dramatically, but again, we’ll provide more clarity after next quarter.
Don Kimble: If you look just the salary line by itself, $7 million linked quarter, a little over half of that is because of the number of business days increased by one this quarter versus the second quarter, a little over $3.5 million of the increase there. The rest of it really is the investments in the talent we talked about and also reflective of the current quarter is our first quarter of every year where we add our new rotational programs, whether it’s in the corporate bank or credit or other areas, we bring in a group of college graduates to the Key organization and that resulted in an increase in headcount linked quarter from that effort. If you look at the incentives and stock-based compensation, it’s down $6 million and that really is tied to that change in our capital markets revenue. Not only did you see a decline in the investment banking and debt placement fees, but you saw an increase in some of the corporate services income which was primarily driven by capital markets related areas as well. And so the net change there of roughly $19 million had an impact of about $6 million decline in our overall incentive and stock based compensation expense.
Don Kimble: We would continue to have some branch consolidations. We didn’t call it out, but we’ve recognized that’s more of a part of our ongoing run rate that we did have our branches come down by 17 this quarter. I would expect to continue to have a 2% to 3% decline year over year and that would imply some additional branch consolidations in the fourth quarter.
Don Kimble: This is an ongoing question that we have not only for our investors, but also for our board and our management team. And we’re always trying to read the signals and messages that we’re hearing from DC and our regulators to see if there is more willingness or appetite to see that type of pay out increase. We do recognize that we are highly capitalized and want to be one of the top returner of capital going forward. And so we’re looking for every indication we can get to see if that tone has changed or shifted. Right now, we just want to make sure that we’re disciplined with it; we recognize that part of our value really comes to our shareholders in the form of dividends and/or share buyback and we want to make sure that we can continue those going forward.
Don Kimble: We think there is greater opportunity for us long term. We still think our loan to deposit ratio is lower than where we would like to target long term and so we do have some additional flexibility. I’d say that the current quarter coming down by $1 billion in the short term earning assets is probably outsized from what you would see in subsequent quarters, because it reflects some of the impact of some of those short term deposits that we expected to go out of the house over the last quarter and wouldn’t expect those same pace going forward.
Don Kimble: When we take a look at that, part of our challenge that we see is we’re not seeing a differentiated performance market by market. So we’re seeing improvements across the footprint and seeing better performance in all of our markets. And our challenge really is if we exit the market, what happens is that we eliminate 100% of the revenue and a portion of the expenses, but not 100% of the expenses, because we still have an infrastructure that supports the technology, risk management and other functions that may not be quite as variable in nature. And so we haven’t seen a benefit to our shareholders for truly exiting the markets, but our focus really is continuing to improve the performance across our footprint and we’re seeing that and it’s starting to translate to bottom line improvement from that as well. 
Don Kimble: Absolutely the case and all of my business partners here are all nodding their head across the table from me. So I think we have absolute agreement on that.
Don Kimble: Josh, clearly the disruption in the market in the last part of the third quarter caused some of our deals and probably everybody else’s deals to be pushed out a bit. So there’s no question. And then also as I mentioned earlier, for us, I think opens the opportunity for us to look at alternative ways to finance transactions for the benefit of our clients. So the answer to your question is yes, some things undoubtedly were pushed off.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. I’d be happy to. So as we look at our pipelines, we would characterize our pipelines as being strong. The other thing that is interesting is our pipelines, although we don't report by segment, our pipelines in our M&A business are up and as we talked about before, those revenues have a tendency to pull through other revenues, so that's another reason that we feel good about our pipeline. The other thing that we’ve said before about our business model that I think is really important is when there is a little bit of dislocation in the market, we feel like that's a great opportunity for us because there are certain shops that are focused on one product, the ability to go to one market. And as we think about serving our clients and we can look broadly across markets, we think when there is a little dislocation and everything isn't flashy and green, that's a nice opportunity for us to really come in and serve our clients.
Chris Gorman: So a couple of things. We spend a lot of time looking at where the growth is coming from. Interestingly, as we look back in the corporate bank, it’s a $3 billion of growth that we’ve had year over year, about 80% of that has come from new clients. So our model is resonating, we’re out there, we captured on a year to date basis a significant number of new clients, specifically 587 new clients, and as we look at our model, that’s where most of the growth is coming from. The other thing that’s interesting about our model is in spite of the fact that we’re getting a lot of the loan growth only in, in this quarter, only about 13% of the total capital that we raised actually went on to our balance sheet. So we feel a couple of things. One, we’re doing a good job in terms of growing share and secondly, we have the ability to be selective and to go to the right market in terms of growing our balance sheet.
Chris Gorman: E.J., that’s very good and in both the corporate and community bank, we’ve increased our senior bankers by over 10% and I think we’ve had a little more than 60 people across the company in this area and it’s been an area of focus and we have seen very good returns on those new hires as well.
Chris Gorman: We think that our business model is unique. And we are focused on seven sectors, we are focused on the middle market. For example, we have 46 research analysts covering 777 companies and while clearly our model can be replicated, it's not just as easy as hiring a few bankers because you need the product experts and you need the industry experts. And so because of that we feel like we have a bit of a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Chris Gorman: Because of the fact that we are in the transaction business, you will from time to time see lumpiness, particularly with respect to commitment fees, but underlying the entire line item and this cuts across both the corporate bank and E.J.’s business in the community bank as well, we have seen elevated levels in both foreign exchange and derivatives. So yes, there is some lumpiness, but the underlying trend line is also positive.
Chris Gorman: Let me just step back for a moment, we don’t really look at it as separate. In other words, we don’t look at a loan product, a fee product, but what we’re really doing in a very holistic way is and a very targeted way is pursuing client relationships. And when we pursue those, we get the benefit of both fees and loan growth. And if you look for example in the corporate bank, our non-interest income this quarter is about 51%. We like that mix of kind of half and half. We think it’s a competitive advantage to have a balance sheet, but we really think it’s our job to identify clients and serve them in any way that we possibly can. And as I mentioned earlier, the preponderance of the time that involves us accessing capital elsewhere. In terms of the actual pricing on loans, we have seen a slowdown in the rate of decline. So if a year ago, the year over year rate of decline for similar loan was down maybe 25 basis points, maybe this year it’s down maybe half of that. But with our business model, we’re able to generate very, very good returns for our shareholders and not take excessive risk in terms of growing core. So we don’t look at them as one or the other, we focus on client relationships and the outcome of those could be loans, could be fees or any derivation thereof.
Chris Gorman: There is a couple areas that we have invested in significantly that we’re really starting to see a lot of traction. And first is the purchase card business and what we’ve done and I’m going to turn it over to Dennis in a minute, but what we’ve done is worked very, very closely with the community bank and not only in terms of penetration rates which are three or four X what they’ve been, but also the size of the clients are higher. So that’s one area. Another area where we’ve had a lot of wins but it isn’t really reflected yet, because it takes some while to set up these programs, is we got into the prepaid business and we had some very significant wins out of our public sector area. Those don’t really come online until 2016, but it gives us confidence as we look forward. And the other area where I think we had some success, I’m going to ask Dennis to comment on it, is on the merchant side where Dennis’ team has been very closely aligned, especially thanks to Dennis, who have been really coordinated.
Chris Gorman: We’re always looking for a new vertical. And as we look back, I think the most important thing about Pacific Crest has been the fit from a cultural perspective, the willingness of our team at Pacific Crest to be part of the bigger platform where they can offer more things to their clients and it does give us confidence that if we could find the right niche, and again our business is all built around niches, if we could find the right niche, we would definitely look at trying to continue to leverage our platform which we think is not as leveraged as it could be.
E.J. Burke: On the Community Bank side, we have achieved a lot of loan growth simply because we have more bankers than we did at this point last year. We have made a significant investment in commercial bankers, putting more feet on the street and we’re starting to see dividends coming from those investments.
E.J. Burke: And I might just add from a middle market community bank perspective, we compete against those banks everyday for talent. One of the things that really attracts bankers to Key is the relationship we have with our corporate bank and the ability to bring an industry expert to a client meeting to talk about their industry as opposed to competing solely on price or on credit terms. So our recruiting efforts are oftentimes aided by Chris’ folks talking about how they can help them win new business.
E.J. Burke: No, Don. I think that’s correct. As we’ve talked about before, we try to calibrate on investment with our other expenses and you wouldn’t expect to see much difference in that business until the second half of 2016.
Beth Mooney: I would just add that it is, as Don accurately point out, a function of the interest rate environment. If you also look at our STE line, this charge has been triggered for the last couple of years related to our significant repositioning of our workforce which we have brought down over the last several years. And we have, as you've heard, we've been adding to client facing and senior bankers, but overall we've been bringing down our headcount. So that remixing and reduction in headcount is also triggering the opportunity for people to make those elections as they exit. So it really takes both of them to happen in order for us to incur a charge.
Beth Mooney: The one thing that I would add that we also always talk about is when you look at the growth in our loans to our commercial clients and as you look at it also with our investment banking and debt placement fee, you can see a high correlation that that's where the business model comes to light, it's both what we can put on our balance sheet, how we attract clients and actually lend into them, but also through our broad product suite which Chris think is unique and differentiated are able to drive M&A fees, debt placement fees, equity fees and a variety of robust fees coming out our payments capabilities. So it's really a very holistic approach and loans are a significant part, but also I think indicative of the broader model that we are able to bring across the continuum of commercial and middle market clients.
Beth Mooney: As we said before, we have articulated our capital priorities and have said our capital position is the strength of this company. So we’re pleased to continue to be among the peer leading return of capital to our shareholders. And as you’ve seen over the last couple of years, we have also used the opportunity to enhance our business model and our strategy as we expanded our product offerings such as acquiring our credit cards last year, we are on the one year mark of our acquisition of Pacific Crest Securities and we’ve done some things over time to enhance our distribution. So as we look at it, we would look at opportunities that are consistent with our model, things that would add to our client base and would be good for our shareholders. And I think the things we have done in recent years have met that standard.
Beth Mooney: It is good to see that some transactions have been announced and approved and the market has cleared those. So I think it is an indication that there is more confidence or perhaps certainty. I think that’s good for the markets, I think it’s good for buyers and sellers alike.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks and thank you again.
