Don Kimble: As far as margin, we reported 3.12% for the fourth quarter. If you back out the impact of the third quarter refinement, that would be right at 3%. What we said in our guidance is that the purchase accounting accretion would trend down on a quarterly basis going forward. We would expect the outlook for 2017 to be about 20% below what that fourth quarter level is adjusted for the third quarter refinement. And with that, we will be showing a margin for next year in the mid-2.95 range or 2.90 range, so would be in that middle range, reflecting again, the lower accretion coming from purchase accounting. As far as the rate increases, we have assumed one additional rate increase in the middle of 2017 and that’s the only additional rate increase we are seen or projected in our forecasts. And then the last question you had was deposit betas, our assumption longer term is that it would be about a 55% beta. As far as the December rate increase, we haven’t seen a lot of movement on the consumer side, but we have started to see some movement on commercial deposits and so we are well less than half of that, the beta that we had assumed the 55%.
Don Kimble: Well, as far as the tax reform, we do believe that would be positive for the industry and the economy overall as far as our outlook. We would say that Key is positioned so that we would not be disadvantaged or advantaged compared to peers. I think that we need to wait and see how the impact comes through before we start to assess how much of that gets retained versus shared. But right now, we do believe it’s going to be positive for the industry.
Don Kimble: Well, Scott, I tried to convince our capital markets team that it was a new level and it should be the baseline going forward, but I would say that we really need to look at this on a trailing 12-month basis. But if you look at the full year, we are $482 million in the investment banking debt placement fees. We do expect to see growth from that level in 2017. We have continued to be investing in our people and also investing in products and capabilities. And so we think that should translate to growth in that category on a year-over-year basis. And so we are optimistic about that. We are also continuing to be optimistic about our cards and payments revenues, both for the core business, but also because of the impact of First Niagara that we do believe that there will be synergies there on the revenue side that we will start to see, realize in 2017. And then beyond that, we think that due to the other core fee categories will continue to show progress up. So we think on a core basis, we are going to continue to drive increases in fee income.
Don Kimble: You are right that the third quarter didn’t have the full impact from the First Niagara preferred stock dividend. And so we did have a full quarter this quarter, but we have already called the preferred from First Niagara, so that should be off the books here in the first quarter.
Don Kimble: I want to make sure we are including three issues of preferred, one, the original Key, one that we had in the third quarter and then one in the fourth quarter and to incorporate those. So, it would be that adjusted run-rate.
Don Kimble: That’s correct. Now keep in mind, too, that the First Niagara would be net of the impact of the branch divestitures which was over the $400 million number and also some of the strategic exits we had on the $330 million. And so that would be the adjusted baseline from which we would start.
Don Kimble: Yes. In our guidance, we basically talked about – for the impact to deposit betas on future rate increases, it’s about a 2 percentage point change in overall net interest income sensitivity. And so future rate increases, you can apply that same type of assumption set to it. I would say that the further we get into it though the more likely we are going to see the beta start to materialize and start to show deposit prices move in line with the impact of rate increases.
Don Kimble: A slight run-rate benefit, but I would say that the bigger news here is that with the acquisition of First Niagara, we will be merging those two plans in 2017 and the combination of the two plans would suggest that we probably won’t have those pension settlement charges going forward and so that will be a big benefit for us. But the other thing that helps us there is that the threshold that you look at as far as whether or not to recognize a pension settlement charge is how does the lump-sum distributions compared to the overall interest impact. And since interest rates are moving up, the hurdle has gotten higher as well. And so we think this should not be impacting our earnings, hopefully, for the next several years.
Don Kimble: Well, the majority of it really wasn’t our stock-based compensation expense and that was almost $15 million of the increase. And a good portion of that really related to the fact that our stock price went up by $6 a share from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So, I would love to see our stock price go up another $6 a share, but I don’t think we would see that continue with that kind of pace.
Don Kimble: Again, I don’t think that we would be either advantaged or disadvantaged compared to peers. But if you look at what drives our tax rate lower, I would say that it’s some of the normal things. Others would be experiencing, one is corporate-owned life insurance. We don’t know how that will be treated in the House bill and how that would play through. The other is some of the tax credits we would have from some of the leasing and other loan activities we have. And with those loans and leases, the way that it shows up through our P&L is we have very little PPNR coming through for those loans and leases. And we have a benefit coming through the tax line. And so as long as we will continue to have loan growth at the projected levels, we would think that we would have a greater net interest income and pre-tax pre-provision earnings coming from that loan growth as opposed to today, it shows up in the bottom line below in the tax rate. So again, I don’t think that we would be either advantaged or disadvantaged, but we will have to wait and see when the final terms come out.
Don Kimble: As far as our expenses for the current quarter included a number of things, including the higher revenues for the capital markets and included the pension, settlement charge and included the correction on the intangible amortization from the third quarter. And a number of things that would have created some noise in the numbers. If you adjust for those, you will see expenses come down meaningfully in the first quarter from the fourth quarter level. And as we said, that we would expect to achieve our $400 million in cost saves by mid-2017. And we are going to see a chunk of that come through in the first quarter. And we really shutdown a good portion of the systems and back office operations already related to the First Niagara acquisition and so we should start to see some meaningful progress against that target in Q1.
Don Kimble: I would say we will see some continued trend down in the second quarter. And then we would start to see less of the incremental benefits and the cost saves in the second half of the year.
Don Kimble: Sure, as far as the NIM for the year, rather the assumption is baked into that as it the purchase accounting accretion that we have in the fourth quarter, which is the $92 million, the total accretion minus the $34 million related to the prior quarter refinement, would be about $58 million a quarter. We would say that, that would trend down so that the full year 2017, would be about 20% less than that current run rate. And with that assumption, that the full year net interest margin would be in the mid-2.90s. And so that 3% adjusted fourth quarter number would be in the mid-2.90s for the full year.
Don Kimble: We would expect to see that and purchase accounting accretion continue to trend down over the next several years, I assume an average life of around 4 years for that. And then the other thing is that NIM will continue to have some pressure because of that purchase accounting reduction, but we are going to start just getting closer to the overall impact adjusted or not adjusted for rates, so that 2.89 number that you had talked about before. The other thing that can impact that is as we look at rate increases, we should see some benefit for NIM from that as well. And so that’s not any meaningful increase in 2017 since we are only assuming one mid-year rate increase.
Don Kimble: The guidance reflects achieving $400 million in the middle of 2017 and as we achieve that and starts reporting numbers higher than that, we will keep informed. But we would not be adjusting that target until after we have achieved it.
Don Kimble: As far as the short-term earning assets, reducing it from the prior quarter for two things; One is that we did see some of those temporary commercial deposits actually leave, and so that really occurred during the fourth quarter and so that had an impact on utilizing some of that excess liquidity. The second thing is we actually increased our investment portfolio and put some of those short-term dollars to work in the bond market and so that’s why did we saw an increase in the bond portfolio. Our guidance going forward is that loan growth is approximate deposit growth and so we wouldn’t see a huge change in that investment portfolio overall. But what we should see is that our expected cash flow is coming off the investment portfolio, about $6 billion for next year. And so the current purchase rates are much higher than what the existing portfolio yield is and so that should have some added benefit to it.
Don Kimble: Our outlook is more steady state and we are seeing some early signs as far as increased activity, calling efforts and things like that. And hopefully, we will see some additional tailwind come through from that economy, but that’s not baked in the current guidance.
Don Kimble: I think you hit on one of the primary ones, which is the cards and payments and that reflects some of the impact of our treasuries, management services that we would expect to see as far as additional synergies there. The other is that mortgage for us has been very well and I know the mortgage rates going up is negative on the overall industry, but we have such a small share as far as our customer base on the mortgage product. And as we are launching that, we should start to see some real traction there as well. Beyond that, the capital markets, we talked earlier and Beth mentioned that we already had some successes in the first 60 days as far as closing, financing for some of the commercial real estate customers of First Niagara. And so we are starting to see some pickup on that side. And the last piece would just be an ongoing balance sheet growth, whether its deposits from the commercial treasury management services or even certain loan categories, where we could see growth pickup a little bit will be added to the picture as well.
Don Kimble: We had said third quarter we had achieved about $100 million of run-rate cost saves. I would say that the – we had some modest improvements in that in the fourth quarter, but still in that $100 million plus range. And so again, we would expect to see the majority of those really start to pickup in the first half of next year and be at a run-rate by mid next year with $400 million.
Don Kimble: We are assuming growth from the $482 million for the full year this year and we haven’t specifically said what level, but it would be growth from that point.
Don Kimble: I would say one of the factors that impacted the period end balances on a quarter-over-quarter basis is the exit of the $330 million of non-relationship commercial credits that were within the First Niagara portfolio. And so adjusted for that we do believe that the growth is real, our pipelines remain strong for commercial growth and still believe it will be a driver of balance sheet growth for us next year – for this year, excuse me.
Don Kimble: When we announced the transaction, we talked about a target of $550 million in the aggregate and that was based in the $400 million cost save number. As we achieve numbers that would be in excess of the $400 million, that could go up slightly from that $550 million target but we are substantially through most of the cost saves and that one-time charge, excuse me.
Don Kimble: We hit the one-time merger charges as we realized those expenses. And so this quarter for example, we had about a $29 million hit related to the branch consolidations. We had about $40 million worth of cancellation costs for contracts. And so those are more incurred as they are realized as opposed to set aside against the reserving.
Don Kimble: Generally in line with that and I would say that the organic growth that we would be seeing in NII would be offset by the reduction in the purchase accounting accretion during the year.
Don Kimble: Good question. I would say that of the new markets we are picking up, whether it’s Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, we are seeing market positions there that are usually in the top 5, but at a lower density in some of those markets been than there we would target. I would say that just like we have talked about before, our focus is really growing the franchise organically. We think that with our products and capabilities we can move market share. We are excited about the possibility of doing that and really not looking for acquisition strategies to fill in the gap.
Don Kimble: Let me answer your last question first, yes. But we did see some modest improvement in the cost savings realized, but still in that $100 million-plus type of range. And so I think that still is a good starting point for realization for this quarter. As far as tax reform, I think that this is again an industry wide issue. And I think things that would impact banks and other financial institutions would include the treatment of life insurance, would include tax credits associated with low income housing, energy related credits for lending activities. And then it will also include any type of treatment as far as bank specific items, including deductibility of interest expense. And so, I would be looking for those types of issues as the bills go through and see how that might impact the industry overall. And again, I truly believe that we will be in a position that will benefit along with the industry and really not being an outside position, either positively or negatively as a result of any reforms based on what we know at this point in time.
Don Kimble: Terry, that’s a good point. We talked before First Niagara of having a strategy of reducing our branch count by 2% to 3% a year. I would say that we still believe that there is opportunity to continue to right size our retail distribution and that might be a little bit slower in the next year because of the consolidations we did last year, but still in that 2% to 3% range overall.
Don Kimble: Good. We look at that at an ongoing basis. And you are right that we do have a decent sized swap portfolio that, it’s used to target our overall asset sensitivity position. We have about $4 billion worth of swaps to mature throughout 2017 and that gives us the opportunity to either replace those or let those expire. The other thing to keep in mind though, as we look at the maturity date of those swaps, if we would put a new swap on the books, it would really be reflecting the forward curve at that point in time. And so as rates are expected to increase, we will be receiving that benefit in the form of a swap throughout the term of that swap’s life. And so that’s one of the things we have to evaluate as we better off letting those swaps expire, or are we better off continuing to maintain the current position, but realize the benefit of those future increases and the new swaps we will be booking in the balance sheet.
Don Kimble: I don’t have that number off the top of my head. But it’s probably in a similar range, because we have an average life of a little over 2 years.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Erika. As it relates to if the SIFI designation did move to $250 billion, I think the one thing that we have talked about and would consider would be the mix of our return of capital, which would be – higher level than 30% for the dividend payout, be appropriate, a both for Key, and we believe for our regional banking company such as Key. So I think we would lean into more capital returns in the form of dividend. And then secondarily, I would tell you that as it relates to regulatory costs, I would say that at least I would say a trajectory where the level of increases that we have all seen over recent years and our investments in regulatory costs, capital compliance could be slowing. But I think our trajectory at this point against what is yet not clear about any changes would suggest that what level of declines we would expect would be premature, but I do think it could be beneficial as we have all felt pressured or have had those costs rising in recent years. And in any event, we have reached what I think was a relative state of maturity for our staffing and our capabilities in regulatory personnel.
Beth Mooney: And Matt, this is Beth. And so as we think about it, there could be areas that would be opportunities for increases or upside to our current outlook if any of this anticipated growth is realized. And we continue to believe between the investment bankers and capabilities and our business model, Key would be well positioned if there were opportunities in that regard.
Beth Mooney: Two positives, I would tell you, I am incredibly pleased that the retention we have seen of the talent at First Niagara, of the client base at First Niagara. We were very sensitive to our treatment of customers through the integration and making sure that we have identified who were the high-value customers and making sure that we gave out everybody a good treatment, but the extra treatment that was necessary. Because at the end of the day, those clients that we have acquired and their relationship managers are critical to the success of how we see the opportunity for growth out of First Niagara. And we see building a pipeline and the retention of clients and employees is a very positive sign. Also very proud of the way our teams planned and executed this integration. I would tell you that we at some level said it was going to be one for the record books and as we look at where we stand today and end the year, we go into 2017 in a business as usual mode and for the time horizon as well as the proximity to the conversion date of Columbus Day weekend, I think that’s a very, very strong statement to be able to say. And then I think on the flipside, it’s always a journey to make sure that you really bring these two companies together and build the culture and have a new Key, because I think that will be fundamental to our ability to deliver. I am extremely pleased with the cost savings and our trajectory and progress there. And as an all things, we squared our shoulders the weekend, the Friday before Columbus Day and said little things – things will go wrong that you don’t expect and how you can be nimble and recover is critical to that and it’s always something as they say.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Don. I would say, Kevin, I think it’s very clear that our first and clear and compelling priorities are to complete First Niagara, realize the value that we have committed to the street and for our shareholders. And as we went into this transaction a year ago, we have said for a very long time that we had – we lacked for nothing that we needed to be successful. And we continue to believe that we have a very strong business model that could generate organic growth and returns in long-term performance for our shareholders. So I think we are very clear about what we need to accomplish and on our priorities around long-term performance, capital and growth for our shareholders is our first priority.
Beth Mooney: Yes. Geoffrey, this is Beth Mooney. And I would tell you that part of what we saw is a value of bringing our two companies together was there were some complementary products and capabilities that were going to newer to the benefit of Key. There were three principal businesses that they brought to Key that I believe, we will be able to benefit and first, as you indicated is indirect auto. They had about a $3 billion indirect auto portfolio. Key was not in that business line, but we have been a lender to dealerships through floor planning. So the ability to extend indirect auto to what is our book of business of dealers will be beneficial and an area for us to be able to extend that, both to cut the existing customers to deepen relationships and provide some growth for the bank. Second, it was an accelerator to our ability to re-enter the first mortgage business. As we announced in the second quarter of 2015, it was our intention to rebuild and to start back up the residential mortgage business. First Niagara, from originations through servicing had a full fledged mortgage capability that was an accelerator to us. So again, the levels of, Don alluded to it, while mortgage may be down due to rate, it is upside for a combined Key-First Niagara from where we would have been prior to that because those capabilities in that mortgage origination to servicing platform is fully up and running as of the fourth quarter. There was also a small insurance business that came with this and then as we look at our ability to extend specifically our cards payments, corporate treasury and capital markets capabilities into the First Niagara client base, we see many corresponding revenue opportunities as we extend ourselves into that First Niagara client base. From a revenue point of view, that is part of our confidence around that $300 million in synergies, but there really is a complementary opportunity for growth there.
Beth Mooney: Again, thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you again.
