Jeffrey Weeden: Matt, this is Jeff Weeden. We do include in our deck today on Page 16 kind of an overview of the investment portfolio. And we've used the investment portfolio really to absorb the excess liquidity that we've had within the company from both loans paying down and the flow of deposits. And I think as we continue to model and go forward with the outlook that rates will eventually go up, we've kept the duration of the overall portfolio relatively short. So the duration, even with the backup in rates at the end of the year, is approximately three years at this particular point in time. I don't expect that we will see a lot of growth in the investment portfolio in 2011. We have some debt maturities that will come up that we'll also use to take down some of the liquidity in the company, and we're optimistic that we will see loan growth coming in the company. And with the cash flows that come off of the investment portfolio, we won't reinvest that cash flow and use that to fund future loan growth.
Jeffrey Weeden: In aggregate, Matt, we would not expect to see growth beyond until the second half of 2011. We have still the run-off portfolios that we're working our way through here in the first half. We've made a lot of progress last year. We're continuing to make progress. And as the economy continues to strengthen here, we expect that the other organic growth initiatives will overcome a lot of that activity along with the fact that charge-offs are continuing to come down. So charge-offs in the past have also put pressure on the overall size of the portfolio, the growth of the portfolio. And so the charge-offs continuing to come down will also be another item that will be moving away from putting pressure on the book.
Jeffrey Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff Weeden. As we look out, one of the things that we are going to need is going to have to have a little bit of increase in overall interest rates. A lot of our book is variable rate price, and we've been bringing down the cost of our funding throughout 2009 into 2010. And so we still have some room on that particular front, but there haven't been a lot of what I call good investment opportunities. So the investment portfolio has remained relatively short, and lending has been declining here. So we need to see an uptick in loans and also stability increasing overall interest rates would be a tremendous help because deposit pricing on transaction accounts obviously are rock bottom at this particular point in time. And when rates do come up, we will start to get some leverage that comes off of that by repricing our overall book. We're about 3% asset sensitive at the end of the year from an AL perspective to a 200 basis point movement.
Jeffrey Weeden: It's a blend. So you have to look at it, the majority of people are basically in the one-year or less type of a category, but it's a blend on out through a year.
Jeffrey Weeden: $28 million is a better run rate than the $40 million. The $40 million had some additional write-offs associated with residual values and some of the operating leases as they came to a conclusion. And we updated appraisals based upon where we view the values.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well without giving specific guidance on each and every item, Ken, I guess what I would say is, if you take $28 million out of the number, you're down into the 390 level for the fourth quarter. And of course, we have pluses and minuses in the other items whether it's the provision for unfunded commitments that was a larger credit this time or we had the additional reserves that we ended up taking on some of the Lytec [ph] guaranteed funds, so a lot of pluses and minuses in that particular level. But it's probably going to be somewhat less than that 390 level, so if you were to think of giving a broad range, it's at $360 million to $385 million, $390 million, something along those particular levels.
Jeffrey Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff Weeden. The process that we go through, of course, is really a lot of it is going to be driven by our public disclosures that we have to make and the documentation that we have to generate. So it's very difficult for us to say what percentage that's going to be. I guess if asked differently, do you think that it could drop to where they were before? I think they will drop. It's a question of will they get down to the 1¼%, 1½%, and how quickly will they get to that particular level? If we enter into a time where we have economic expansion, and we have good quality of credit and we have positive credit migration up, in terms of the grades, it will lead to lower levels of reserves because your probability of default and your loss-given default will end up getting impacted by that. So it's a pretty elaborate process. I think that reserve levels are on their way down. But I cannot give you the exact level at which they will decline to.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well the exit portfolios are simply a lot of just paying down and continuing to run down. So there's a significant portion of that portfolio is going to be on the Consumer segment at this particular point in time. The other parts of it that are in the Commercial segment, I think there are about $60 million of the exit portfolio that declined was in the Commercial side of the equation. A lot of those were refinanced that was in the Marine and RV floorplan loans. So those were refinanced elsewhere.
Jeffrey Weeden: Betsy, this is Jeff Weeden. As we think about the reserve, and we have the migration of credit, and we're talking about those credits that would be either nonperforming or in that criticized level. Those particular credits obviously have a higher probability of default, and then we look at the individual loss given default. So as we see that migrate on up, so we see those decreasing levels of criticized assets, that means there's just less that is reservable on those specific credits. And then we really have to look at each of the individual areas and have a view on it also as to where we see those particular outlooks for credits. Now consumer credit's a little bit different, but we don't have a lot of exposure on the consumer credit side. Most of our consumer credit, a lot of it's in exit or run-off, with the exception of our branch-based home equity book. So from our perspective, we look at positive migration of commercial credit is really driving a major portion of the overall reserve. And that's why we still think we're going to see improvement in that credit quality. The direction of it. The pipeline of identified credit's on the watch list, et cetera, continuing to come down, which should lead to lower levels of the reserve and provision expense being less than charge-offs, along with the fact that we just have fewer nonperforming credits. So the charge-off potential has been reduced and we've taken already losses against a number of those nonperforming credits.
Jeffrey Weeden: There's no "general reserve". We have reserves that we set against individual portfolios. Those particular reserves against portfolios change based upon the overall direction that we see of those particular books.
Jeffrey Weeden: As we said in the press release, there is an adjustment that took place with respect to the customer derivative reserves, just like there's been negative adjustments in prior quarters. We've had positive migration of credit in the past couple of quarters. And so, it's reversed itself on through.
Jeffrey Weeden: The positive adjustment is around $20 million for the fourth quarter. But it all set about a similar amount in the first quarter of this year. So for the year, it's going to be basically a non-event. It's the timing of it.
Jeffrey Weeden: There's the $28 million gain associated with the sale of Tuition Management Systems that happened in the fourth quarter.
Christopher Gorman: Yes, Matt, this is Chris Gorman. Within the Corporate Bank, what we're seeing is basically, as you point out, period-to-period pretty flat. But underneath that, the focus in the investment that we put into the businesses is paying off. For example, in Keybanc Capital Market for loan, we brought on 90 new issuer clients that generated around $60 million in fees. So that doesn't show up in the loan book, but these are new clients that will be borrowing. And in addition to that, we're seeing a good pipeline. So we feel pretty good about where the prospects are for the loan book going forward. Now where we're not seeing a pickup yet is on utilization. And that's because we've raised so much capital for our clients. Our clients are frankly making very, very good profits right now. But the flip side of that is we saw a 10% increase in our deposits and the mix of our deposits have changed where that used to be kind of low 20s non-interest-bearing, now it's mid 40s. So while we are gaining these clients and while we're positioning ourselves for loan demand, I think we're in pretty good stead.
Christopher Gorman: Mike, it's Chris Gorman here. Actually what you're looking at is we had an exceptional third quarter and that we had two very, very significant deals that we underwrote and syndicated. By the way, for the year ended up having a record year in syndicated finance, we still think for the areas that we're focused in, there are plenty of quality deals to do. We're seeing a lot of them. And I think the pipeline remains pretty strong.
Christopher Gorman: Mike, it depends on the deal. The two significant transactions that I referenced in the third quarter, we underwrote amounts in the neighborhood of say $300-ish million and ended up holding somewhere between $25 million and $50 million.
Christopher Gorman: Sure. This is Chris Gorman speaking. A couple of things going on. One, we got out of one of the products we were in, our product, which is basically a fixed income product. So that impacted the revenues from an assets under management, we finished the year at about $41 billion. And again our main focus, as you know, is mid-cap value for our victory funds. And we continue to focus and build out that strategy.
Henry Meyer: It's hard for me to answer any of that without giving you more than we know. It's all hypothetical. We look at the capital ratios. As I said in my opening comments, our Tier 1 is 9.31%. We look at where others are and think that there's going to be an opportunity to be more shareholder-friendly, less dilutive, but we've really got to wait and see. What I have experienced and what other banks have reported is that there's a process of discussion with our regulators. And I think as most of you know, January 7 was the submission date for those 19 institutions that were part of the SCAP. And the process right now is silent. They're going through the analysis. It's a horizontal analysis and then we'll get into a discussion with the regulators. But there are a lot of factors and we’re going to try and do the right thing. And we'll just have to see how that comes out.
Henry Meyer: No. There's no I in this team. My guess is that it will be right around that date, but the date wasn't set after I thought we'd get out and there's no pressure on me to have it paid off. We're going to do the right thing for our shareholders. And in good graces, we've made a lot of progress in this company, and we want to do the right thing with the regulators too.
Henry Meyer: Ken, I was asked the question I think at the end of the third quarter call, whether we would see a negative provision. And at that point in time, I did not envision that. But we had significant improvement in the overall level of nonperforming loans in the fourth quarter, and you can see the ending balances on nonperformers are coming down quite nicely. And I think as also related to that, net charge-offs coming down. With coverage ratios improving, it's difficult to say where we will be at any given point in time because it's all facts and circumstances. We're calling the direction, not the absolute level of any of these particular items at this point.
Henry Meyer: Mike, this is Henry. I would have thought you were familiar with the TARP rules. And obviously because our TARP funds are still outstanding, there is no accrual or performance allowed in TARP compensation. So the answer to that is a categoric No, by the rules. And we wrestle with the right number every quarter based on what happens with our credit quality. And with the scrutiny that we have, the implication that we may be shaving this is a little bit offensive. Because the truth is the charge-offs, the non-accruals came down dramatically. And as has been written, there's this battle between the regulators who have never seen a dollar reserve they didn't like and independent auditors who feel that there is a proper amount. So every quarter, we true-up our reserves to be at the appropriate amount. And that's what we've done this quarter and every other quarter.
Henry Meyer: Yes, this is Henry. One of the things that, and Chuck mentioned it, but we have and the industry has become much more analytical. You'll remember or you might remember the idiosyncratic part of the reserve. All of that was sort of the fudge factor. What we're doing now is really looking and developing a history of a much more arithmetic approach to the reserve. So that as credit quality starts to get worse, that math, in terms of everyone's reserve, will push for a higher number. That's what's happening in reverse right now. Again, as Chuck indicated is that the math, the algorithm is saying that the reserve levels are adequate or more than adequate, which is why we might have been the only one to take away, but a lot of companies' provision was less than their charge-offs, again showing that trend. But it's much more analytical this time around than it was before. We were all doing the best job that we could, but we didn't have all the math that we now have.
Henry Meyer: Gerard, one last comment. I think to give everybody some comfort, I think capital levels will be much higher in the future. I think we've already seen that. So capital levels today are significantly above what they were three years ago. And I think as we go through this, I think the way the rules are being drafted under Basel III, there will be additional countercyclical type buffers that are built into it. So that may be a different way to look at this, with the loan loss reserves, as well as our Tier 1 common, I think a number of the ratios that people will look at will be nonperforming assets to Tier 1 common, plus your loan loss reserves and see how that percentage also plays out.
Henry Meyer: We're not forecasting a material leg down within our footprints. We still think there's still some pressure out there because there's still a backlog of foreclosed property, an overhang in the marketplace and also unemployment is still relatively high. So we think there's certainly pressure on prices in the downward direction, but it's more stable to slightly down. We're not forecasting double digits.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in today's call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson and Chris Sikora at 216-689-4221. Thank you all, and that concludes our remarks.
Charles Hyle: Steve, this is Chuck Hyle. I would say that some of the historical charge-offs in the C&I sector were what I would call real estate-correlated. And I think as those numbers have come down, we're getting closer to a normal run rate in the C&I side. So I think that's really the way to frame it.
Charles Hyle: Mike, this is Chuck Hyle. I think that we've made very, very significant progress in our commercial real estate book. We've said for a long time that the really difficult part of that portfolio has been residential, commercial real estate. We took action very early, well over two and a half years ago to manage that portfolio down. We took our lumps early. It was a sector that we felt was going to get worse, and it wasn't going to recover for a very long time. And I think that has been a pretty good prediction. And so we've worked that number down quite dramatically. So that has really helped us I think in more recent quarters. And I think the remainder of our commercial real estate book, which is more standard in terms of multifamily, office, et cetera, et cetera has performed relatively well. And that's all cash flow-based. And as that portfolio has been completed and stabilized, I think that has helped our numbers pretty well as well. If you look at some of our other leading indicators, we've got a slide in, I think it's number 23, in terms of the direction of our criticized assets, they’ve come down quite dramatically over the last three quarters in 13%, 15%, 16% sort of number each quarter and classified to follow the similar trend line. So if you look at all of our credit statistics, they have moved very much in the right direction and to some degree in the fourth quarter accelerated, particularly in December. I think the only slight blip in those numbers is the 90-plus delinquency numbers, which was really a bit of an aberration. We had a couple of transactions, syndicated deals that with the holidays couldn't quite get over the finish line, in terms of renegotiation, so they pitched up on the 90-plus scale, but they're accruing loans and they have cleared in terms of renegotiation in the first couple of weeks of the quarter. So that blip has gone away as well. So all the directional stuff, as Jeff indicated and Henry indicated, is moving very well in the right direction.
Charles Hyle: This is Chuck. I would just add, emphasize a point that Jeff made. That this is a mathematical process in many ways. We grade our rate exposure, credit migration which is clearly improving. It clearly has an impact but it becomes, I wouldn't call it a mechanical issue completely, but it is largely driven by the numbers. And it can be fairly formulaic. And that's why there’s nothing else we can say about the process.
Charles Hyle: Betsy, this is Chuck Hyle. I think we're constantly looking at all aspects of the reserve. As I said earlier, it is fairly mathematical. But we do a lot of forward projection work on all of our portfolios. We do it at least quarterly. We also do a stress test, regardless of the most recent government one. We do it quarterly anyway, so we're constantly trying to evaluate not just historical data, and we do update our probabilities of default. We look at them at least quarterly and update them at least annually. So we take a pretty hard look at both historical information, and for better, for worse, we have a lot more data points to look at over the last three years. So that has, I think, helped our modeling to a certain extent. We also very much look to the future in terms of where we think the economy is going and how it's going to impact each of our sub-portfolios. And that really helps in our judgement on this whole allowance issue. On the consumer side, Jeff alluded to it, we look at four quarters forward and add one standard deviation. So it is a very mathematically-oriented business on the consumer side and it's been pretty stable. We’ve had a very stable portfolio on the home equity side.
Charles Hyle: Yes, very much so. Again the slide on 23 gives you a good sense for it. And the acceleration, we saw it on acceleration of it really in the fourth quarter, particularly in December.
Charles Hyle: Matt, I would say that from the spring of 2010 through the fourth quarter, we saw every quarter getting better in terms of general liquidity, and commercial real estate in particular. But as we said and commented earlier, it's very much a bifurcated market and continues to be so. For stabilized assets, particularly multifamily, we're seeing for Class A good location properties. We've seen very good activity both in note sales, as well as in terms of sale of the asset itself. And that has continued. Cap rates have come down. Investors have adjusted their expectations. But I think the other side of the market is really getting back to the comment I made earlier on residential commercial real estate where prices are hard-to-find, and we think values have continued to go sideways to down. So what's good is getting better. What's not so good is not getting better. And we've been very happy through the fourth quarter. I think that I can't really comment too much on bulk sales. It's not something we've been looking into. We did ours two and a half years ago, which we've very happy about. We’d hate to try to replicate that trade today in the residential side. So I think, I won't be able to help you too much on that particular part of the market.
Charles Hyle: This is Chuck Hyle. I would say that it's more focused on the West where there's a little bit more pressure, less so in the East and in the Midwest.
Beth Mooney: This is Beth. I would just add. In Core Trust and Key private bank clients, you see linked quarter increases, and we ended the year with our strongest year ever in new business volumes and in this investment management and trust. And so you're starting to see not only the effect of an improving market but a growing client base with more assets under management in the Community Bank.
Beth Mooney: Matt, this is Beth Mooney, and that is a good question because as we have watched new business volumes across all our segments through 2010, we saw a very strong uptick in the end of this fourth quarter in our middle-market new business volumes, our business banking and small new business volumes and we continue to see still very modest consumer demand. And we think it is a function of three factors right now. One, depressed home values since our primary source of credit for Consumer still is related to home equity. And we see continuing pressure on home values. We see continuing pressure from unemployment. So as you go through the cycle, we have had relatively modest new business volumes in our home equity books compared to anything that was historic. And as you've seen, we've had a trajectory of run-off, albeit not very steep decline because our book was branch-based clients, heavily canted towards first lien, good, strong, FICO, home values and [indiscernible]. So we continue to emphasize that appropriately to our client base and use it as a new client acquisition in our new branches. But the demand is still relatively tepid, and I think that is going to be a lagging piece of our economy for demand in Consumer segment to come back.
Beth Mooney: We are emphasizing the more robust relationship products such as loans, deposits, investment management products. Our opportunities there we think outweigh those incremental lending opportunities. We partly plan to stay well within our sweet spot of consumer home equity, small business, business banking and middle market.
Beth Mooney: And Jeff, this is Beth. I would add that if you look at our portfolio statistics, that is still largely a 75% loan-to-value book, and net debt is reflecting current valuation. It is north of 50% first lien, and average FICO scores are 740. So we feel like that book and asset has performed through the cycle. I think among peer medians, it's been the highest performing home equity book for charge-offs. When we see an incidence of loss, we see it largely driven by the event of unemployment.
