Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp’s first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me for today’s presentation is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer, and available for the Q&A portion of the call is Chris Gorman, President of our Corporate Bank; E.J. Burke and Dennis Devine, Co-Presidents of our Community Bank; and Bill Hartmann, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide two is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I’m now turning to slide three. I’ll provide some overview comments on the first quarter and then I’ll turn it over to Don to give you more detail on our financial results. The first quarter was a solid start to the year. We produced bottomline results consistent with our expectations by managing expenses and growing revenue in many of our businesses, which helped offset the impacts of higher provision expense and lower revenue in investment banking and debt placement fees. Revenue was up from the prior year and expenses were well managed resulting in modest positive operating leverage for the quarter. We had solid loan growth with average balances up 5% from the prior year and as in prior quarters continued to be driven by an increase commercial, financial and agricultural loans which were up 12%. Most fee income categories were in line with our expectations and reflected growth from investments we have been making in areas such as trust investment services and cards and payments. And as I indicated, investment banking and debt placement fees were lower this quarter. The decline was due to lower revenue from loan syndications and financial advisory fees. Although, investment banking and debt placement fees can vary on a quarterly basis, we expect this business to grow in 2015 from its record level of performance in 2014. Expenses were well-controlled up only $5 million from the same quarter last year, despite the impact of the Pacific Crest Securities acquisition. We remained committed to continue to improve productivity and efficiency, resulting in our outlook for positive operating leverage for the year. Additionally, we absorb higher credit costs with our provision up $31 million from a year ago period and in the quarter, our provision expense exceeded net charge-off. Our asset quality remained strong, as net charge-offs continue to be well below our targeted range. And while the lending environment remains competitive, we are remaining disciplined on quality and structure, and staying true to our relationship strategy. During the quarter, we also remained disciplined in managing our strong capital position. We repurchased $208 million in common shares in the first quarter, completing our 2014 capital plan. We were pleased to receive no objection to our 2015 capital plan from the Federal Reserve. We expect to return a significant amount of our net income to our shareholders over the next five quarters, including a share repurchase program of up to $725 million and subject to approval by our Board of Directors, and increase in the quarterly dividend of 15%. We anticipate these actions will lead to an estimated payout ratio that is among the highest in our peer group for the third consecutive year. Overall, it was a solid start to the year. While the pace of economic recovery and the low interest rate environment remain challenging, we believe we are well positioned. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Don to discuss the details of our fiscal results.
Beth Mooney: Sameer, this is Beth. As you would expect, we don’t typically comment on any specific transactions that might or might not in the market. And as a historical precedent, we haven’t bought portfolios for say just to supplement our balance sheet. But where we would see perhaps client opportunity fit with our business model and risk profile, I think as you’ve seen some of the puts and takes that we have done over the last couple of years, we have reviewed those types of opportunities in the past. GE, I would say has been a strong competitor in the market. We see them in many of our businesses. And we think these kinds of situation often create opportunities for our teams as markets get disrupted.
Beth Mooney: Bill, this is Beth. I’ll go ahead and say a commitment as you said with our commercial focus commitment to our equity book. I would tell you well our business model, as we’ve talked about is a heavy commercial focus. We are also very committed to our consumer clients in having a relative balance within our business mix is critical to our business model, our performance and [Technical Difficulty] the company. Our primary lending vehicle in our consumer arena is home equity. It does have seasonal attributes win demand typically surfaces and kind of the fourth -- the first quarter is not a you are aware are a period where we often see seasonal demand but it is a core product. We have grown that. If you look over the last couple of years that has been in an area where we have invested and grown and we considered it a core product of our consumer capability. And I would ask Dennis to add anything about what he sees as particular attribute of how it is trend over the last several quarters.
Beth Mooney: And Kevin, I would add that if you look at our business model in any given market, it’s bigger and broader than just our retail network. It is foundational to what we call broader market presence which would include our business banking clients, our commercial middle market, our private banking clients. So in any given market, we are larger in generating more revenues than just our branch presence. And yet without the branch presence you lose critical mass with the ability to serve those clients. It is an integrated model within the community bank and I don’t think the branch density in any given market is necessarily indicative of what was a broader performance than any market would be.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Again thank you and have a good day.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Steve. It’s Chris Gorman. Good morning. So as we look at this business and we’ve always felt this way. If we really need to look at it on a trailing 12-month basis and as Beth mentioned in her opening comments, we still anticipate that we will grow our investment banking and debt placement fees in 2015, as we have in each of the last five years. Now the two areas that you point out where we had challenges were specifically isolated on our financial advisory and our syndications business and those to some extent are related. We do a lot of buy side work and as you know in the M&A business in general, there is a lot of variability and we ran into some issues seasonality’s part of it, timing as it relates to specific deals is part of it. And the other thing is in this kind of an environment. In some instances, our clients were not able to win the deals that we were advising them on just based on the climate. So those were a few of the things that impacted those specific areas. Now the areas that -- the other areas from a product perspective were impacted are things like our balance sheet. We are obviously able to grow our balance sheet well and we also saw strength in certain sector in our industrial and reclass. As it relates to the backlog, the backlog is strong. It’s up about 130% of what it was last year. One of the things that gives us a lot of comfort is you look at held for sale and as you look at what we have in terms of held for sale, that’s elevated two times what it was at year end and I’m looking at 331 ending numbers and maybe four times what it was a year ago. So if you look at all those things and I’m not with our clients a lot, the activity is -- there is not for lack of activity, a lot of activity, lot of good discussions. So in general that’s why we feel pretty good as we look forward.
Chris Gorman: So, we don’t look on it. We don’t look at it on a per quarter basis. But as you think about if we are going to grow at year-over-year and last year, we did -- I don’t know 392 or so. Obviously that means on an average, we are going to have to have some pretty significant quarters in the last three quarters of the year.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Scott, it’s Chris. So as you can imagine, it sort of depends by vertical. I would say that our manufacturers -- obviously the dollar has made it more challenging for our industrial clients, so that’s one area. Areas that are particularly benefited in the current operating environment are specialty chemical business where natural gas is a feedstock. We’re doing a lot of business right now in specialty chemical. Conversely, obviously, our oil and gas business, which we talked about earlier, the pullback in terms of CapEx in most of the shale plays is 30% to 40% and I think you’ll see that triple through in the secondary and tertiary effect. And then lastly, one thing that really impacts the Midwest in the significant way is the automotive business and our analyst is looking for sales at retail this year to be $16.9 million units up from $16.4 million. And there is also a positive mix shift lot of SUV’s and pickup trucks which are higher margin. And then one thing that hasn’t been discussed a lot is the Class 8 Truck market which is also strong. So that’s kind of a walk through kind of what’s going on in the Midwest economy.
Chris Gorman: Jason, it is Chris. As it relates to Pacific Crest, we feel really good about where the business is positioned. We think we will continue to be able to generate revenues in trust and investment services. Just this Monday, we actually combined the two broker/dealers. So now Pacific Crest is a fully integrated vertical, technology vertical within our corporate and investment bank. As it relates to other acquisitions, there are clearly businesses out there that are very niche, very focused and that we think could fit into the platform that we built. So just as we a couple of years ago grew by adding things in our third party commercial loan servicing business and last year grew by acquiring Pacific Crest. There are other opportunities out there, but in the ordinary course we always are looking.
Chris Gorman: Sameer, it’s Chris. It’s obviously situational company by company. But as we kind of step back and look at it, it is not an increase in utilization. Our utilization rates have been flat for the last four quarters. In certain instances, we do see people investing in property, plant, and equipment demands hiring a lot of people. We do see some transactional activity, which obviously helps growth. And in our instance, we believe we have been able with our unique model to take some share. We’ve added 142 clients in the first quarter and we think that’s a factor as well.
Chris Gorman: David, it’s Chris. We have seen that our clients have been able to go to the markets. And so that one of the things that gives us confidence with respect to the portfolio. In our portfolio, less than 40% of the capital structure is typically senior debt and what we’ve seen is that our clients have been able to go to the high yield market. So it’s -- we feel that there will be a time when there is an opportunity to continue to grow the business, but I think right now we are in the mode of advising our clients as everybody works through what has been a very sudden price change.
Don Kimble: Yes. Steven, this is Don. And you’re right that that would imply an average of about a $110 million a quarter for the rest of this year. So there would be a meaningful step-up from where we were in the first quarter.
Don Kimble: We would think generally they would be fairly stable with where it is. But I’ll tell you that this past quarter some of the impact was the issuance of the debt, which cost us about a basis point. We did have some loan fee that came through in the fourth quarter that wouldn’t be recurring in nature. And also, we’ve been expecting that our loan growth would exceed our deposit growth. And as strong as our loan growth has been, our deposits year-over-year were also up 5%. And so that efficiency of the balance sheet didn’t materialize as much as we would have expected in the first quarter this year compared to year ago. So that what helps keep that margin stable over for the remainder of the year is having a little bit more efficient balance sheet.
Don Kimble: No, you’re right. As far as the loan growth, we had a strong finish to the fourth quarter, which set up the first quarter well, but we also saw period end loan growth from fourth quarter to first quarters. We’re very pleased with that. Now as far as the loans held for sale, those are designated at a time of origination to be placed into that category. And so it really reflects the timing of when transactions are closed. And that’s what also gives us confident as Chris mentioned earlier as far as the outlook for fee income going forward.
Don Kimble: You’re right. That first quarter has some seasonal impacts as far as the negative, the benefit costs and highest in the first quarter compared to the rest of the year. But that we also tend to have lower marketing expenses. And in this quarter as you highlighted our incentive expense was lower because of the lower investment banking and debt placement fees. And so as those revenues pick up that we will see an increase to the incentive line item as well, but that still would help us meet our positive operating leverage target for the full year with having that type of growth.
Don Kimble: As far as LCR for the fourth quarter we are operating on a regular basis at high 80s, so we are in good shape as far as being able to achieve that 90% target for the first quarter of next year. We’ve also continued to migrate our investment portfolio to more Ginnie Mae that we are in at about 44% of the total portfolio and as we have cash flows from the existing portfolio we’ll continue to reinvest those in Ginnie Mae. And so we do not expect any significant impact on our margin going forward from any further actions and believe that that the guidance doesn’t contemplate us achieving that 90% plus coverage ratio by next year.
Don Kimble: The decline in the yield, we had about $2 million of higher fees that came through in the fourth quarter that didn’t reoccur in the first quarter and weren’t present for the first quarter of last year. And so if you take a look at the total loan yields over the last year it would have been an average rate of compression less than that 6 basis points that you saw a reference. So we don’t think it’ll continue at that same type of pace, but that there still is pressure on loan yields that we are seeing new originations still coming in about 25 basis points lower than where we were a year ago and not seeing that pressure come down much at all.
Don Kimble: Yeah. There are two components that would be driving that. One is that our yield on our investment portfolio is now down to 2.1%, so the further reduction there should not have as much of an impact as what it has had historically. And the second is that we still believe that our loan growth will exceed deposit growth and that will allow us to have a little bit more efficient balance sheet. And so, even though we would expect pressure to remain on loan yields, we think the mix of the balance sheet should offset that allowing us to maintain a more stable margin. Take a look at our overall cash position. It was about $2.5 billion again this past quarter, which is above where we would typically target of around a $1 billion. And so that’s continued to put pressure on the margin from that perspective as well.
Don Kimble: We’ve talked about our range consistent with where we are operating for the first quarter, which is in the $30 million plus or minus range and so we had $7 million of charges in Q1 and we’d expect that to be about that same range for the full year.
Don Kimble: We are going to be continued to focus on continues improvement throughout the organization. And so I don’t know its going to continue at $30 million, but we will have some level continue going forward, just because we believe that this ongoing opportunity is to right size our branch distribution of 2% to 3% a year, and we will also have other effort to look at end-to-end processing type of opportunities to get more efficiencies to help fund some of the investments going forward. So, we really look at this as more of a core component of our cost base for now.
Don Kimble: As far as the weakness, one thing it does impact to have, we still have about $2 billion of exit portfolios that are mainly in other categories, a lot in the consumer book and also some in the commercial leasing book. So as that continues to run down at about $150 million to $200 million a quarter that will put pressure on those portfolios. Then you look beyond that, we don’t have the typical consumer book of business that really is primarily focused on our home equity and our first mortgage position and doesn’t include an indirect auto portfolio where others are seeing much stronger growth than what we would experienced during the last year or so. So, I would say that it’s more demand focused as far as the weaker growth then also reflective of that exit portfolio I mentioned.
Don Kimble: We do provide a little bit more of a breakout on that on page 20 of the earnings press release. You can see that our incentives were down from $105 million in the fourth quarter to $70 million in the first quarter this year that this comparable amount in the first quarter of 2014 would have been $72 million. So it’s a decline in both the year-over-year and also linked quarter information.
Don Kimble: The $35 million change is probably outside what you would see from taking the investment banking backup from the fourth quarter -- from the first quarter of this year to fourth quarter of last year. But we should see some increase in incentives when those revenues do come through at a stronger pace.
Don Kimble: If you look at slide 16 of the deck, it does have to walk forward of that efficiency ratio and you can see based on that there is probably a range of that impact. We’ve talked about we would expect our efficiency ratio to be in the low 60s without the benefit of rates and in the high 50s with the benefit of rate. So we haven’t gotten more specific than that.
Don Kimble: As we talked about last quarter, we did set aside a portion of our judgmental reserve for the oil and gas portfolio and we did see the portfolio moving in line with our expectations and so we did not have any adjustment or increase to our overall allowance this past quarter for that migration.
Don Kimble: So our approach is a very focused relationship approach and we are very targeted and that we focused on certain sectors and specifically middle market companies within those sectors. As it would happen, as our businesses continue to evolve often we start a relationship with an advisory or transformative kind of transaction. But we do think there is huge value and we see it resonate with our clients to have an integrated corporate and investment bank where we can use our balance sheet or we can -- as principal or we can act as agent helping our clients access the markets and grow their business.
Don Kimble: We did have a few credits come through this quarter that we talked about for the future quarters that we see an effective tax rate in the 26% to 28% range for those future quarter. So there was a slight benefit this quarter.
Don Kimble: Great question. And as we submit our capital plans, the instructions are that we need to keep our capital actions consistent with our overall plan, which doesn’t necessarily allow for our frontend loading of those share buybacks. The other thing we do have is that when we issue shares for employee benefit-related plans and that we’re able to buy those back and those tend to happen in the first quarter of each calendar year. And that’s why you saw a higher level of share buybacks here in the first quarter of this year compared to what you’ve seen in the previous three quarters.
Don Kimble: We do have to see a much more normal rate environment which would be up to about 300 basis points from where it is today before we could start to get to that three-fifth margin. So it’s something that would be very difficult if not impossible for our balance sheet to achieve until we’ve start to see that rate environment change.
Don Kimble: One area that we’ve been focused on as it is making sure that where we have collateralize deposits that we encourage those to be full relationships for us to support that kind of deposit to be on our balance sheet. And so we’ve seen some of those balances leave and we would expect to see a several more leave between now and the end of year. But as we look at our deposit mix we have been very aggressive as far as managing rates and making sure that we are focused on supporting more of the relationship in total. And so we are trying to make sure that we match up our higher rates with our best overall customers.
Don Kimble: We did -- that [period] [ph] balances are up at the end of the first quarter compared to the average. And so we had a nice close to the end of the quarter, which positioned as well in the second quarter as well.
Don Kimble: As far as the year-over-year stability that we had some non-recurring type of revenues in the first quarter of last year, including the gain on the sale of the leverage lease transaction, which helped benefit the first quarter of last year. As you look at our long-term plans it’s focused on driving positive operating leverage. And so that starts with growing revenues and even with our full year guidance for 2015 we talk about showing year-over-year growth and net interest income even if rates are flat. And we experience that during the first quarter if you look at the year-over-year change in our net interest income its up $8 million despite the fact that rates are flat with the first quarter of last year. Other revenue initiatives would include the benefit of some of the investments we have been making. We’ve been adding to our frontline distribution capabilities for both the Corporate Bank and the Community Bank, and those aren’t all fully mature yet and so we will see additional benefits from those investments. We’ve been making investments in payments space and if you look at our cards and payments revenue it’s up 10% year-over-year, if that reflects the investments we’ve been making there and so our guidance for the full year of this year is mid single-digit growth in fee income. And so we believe that we can generate revenue growth and keep our expenses relatively flat. And the initiatives we are focused on on driving that expense level to be flat would include continued focused on reducing occupancy cost both through non-branch space where we’ve talked about reducing that by 15% between now and 2016. Earlier we mentioned that our branches are expect to go down by 2% to 3% per year as we make that infrastructure more efficient. And we are having on going efforts to take a look at our front and back office functions to see on an end-to-end basis like we make those efficient and that’s just could be part of the culture here and driving that continuous improvement. And so the combination of all those that revenue growth supporting -- supported by keeping the expenses flat from getting cost saves to -- save for the investments we are making give us confidence, so we can drive that efficiency ratio to that low 60% range even without the benefit rates.
Don Kimble: We really can’t say that because it didn’t in anyone industry or geography. We are not seeing any trend. It’s just -- we are operating with a lot of small numbers and any day you could have something that changes. And it’s just the way normal business environment is.
Don Kimble: Yes. Our outlook would assume that we basically continue to see funding costs remain relatively stable, but that show again a change in the mix overall as far as the balance sheet and see that the loan growth would exceed the deposit growth and allow us to come up with the more efficient balance sheet.
Don Kimble: Generally we would see -- this has been the new line baseline for us and not seeing significant changes one way or the other from that line item.
Don Kimble: I think, they are still -- Nancy, I think most of them are generating a fair amount of cash. Most of them have had really improved the operating efficiency of their business.
Don Kimble: And I think what they are waiting for is to really make that step change. And the step change would be to invest in the brand new plan to hire lot of people or to make an acquisition. Other than that they are really just generating enough cash that are -- frankly they don’t need to tap their lines.
Don Kimble: What we’re focused on right now within the retail space, I’ll let Dennis comment more on this, it’s really looking at sale per person per day. And by focusing on that, we could continue to drive up the loan balances and deposit performance at each of the branches. Dennis would add to that.
Bill Hartmann: This is Bill Hartmann, Steve. We’ve seen exactly what we expected to see in that portfolio. No surprises.
Bill Hartmann: Jason, this is Bill Hartmann. If we look back over the last several quarters, what we have seen is a very strong asset quality being pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter. So we think that we’ve actually kind of normalized at this level. And we have also indicated that because it’s -- the statistics are so low at this point any one or two smaller items could actually move the numbers around a little bit. And so we will expect to see some modest variation from quarter-to-quarter.
Bill Hartmann: Yeah. This is Bill Hartmann, Jeffrey. So we track the portfolio very closely and we are not seeing any trend that might be suggesting that there has been any change in the environment for credit. Again kind of reiterating what I said earlier, we’re at such a low level across our loan books that one or two names that might occur are going to change the -- are going to change some of those statistics modestly. But we are not seeing that that’s going to have a significant move in our credit losses at all.
