Don Kimble: Other than cash efficiency ratio and that’s why we use as our target, which would exclude the intangible, that’s correct.
Don Kimble: No, it is built into our guidance and we would expect the first quarter like expenses overall, will be the high point as far as our technology spend and we will continue to manage that appropriately going forward.
Don Kimble: I think you can see that in that in the time deposit line item, we’re seeing much more growth there than we are in other deposit products. And that’s essentially where the consumer and some commercial customers are going to get the increased rate, but we’re not seeing a lot of the core money market pricing and others change yet. And so we’re seeing that drift back into time deposits and we expect that to continue throughout the next year.
Don Kimble: And I would say that as we look at our outlook for expenses from the first quarter level that would imply that the second through fourth quarter should on average be down about $40 million. And so if we look at what we incurred in here in the first quarter, we had the higher benefit cost of about $30 million and also we had some one-time items that what I would mention as far as the accounting. Purchase accounting true-up which costs us about $4 million and also elevated operating losses which cost us about $3 million. And so those three combined are in that $38 million range. We would expect the benefit cost come down meaningfully here in the second quarter. We won’t recapture a 100% of that $30 million windfall but we do expect to see a meaningful adjustment down for that. We’d also expect those other items of purchase accounting true-up and the operating losses not to continue for that base. But we do expect to see some other things that would occur in the second quarter, which includes some of the merit increases come through and those will be offset by some of the savings that we’ll be expecting to achieve. And to your earlier question, we are also taking in consideration the increased compensation related to higher investment banking fees throughout the rest of this year as well. And so that is embedded in our guidance for this year and as a result, we would expect to see a different trajectory as far as expenses this year compared what we would have seen in previous years and more of that’s related to the timing of some these expense programs that we’ve talked about and making sure that we achieve those savings as part of our continues improvement to offset those increases.
Don Kimble: We would expect to see some seasonality in the first quarter of every year, mainly because of the benefit expenses. I would say that this first quarter, we had about $20 million of items that were elevated compared what our expectations would have been coming into the quarter. Benefit cost themselves were about $5 million higher, we had severance costs of $5 million and then we also have the other two items I mentioned, which was the true up of purchase accounting and also the higher operational losses, which we wouldn’t expect to continue going forward.
Don Kimble: I’ll ask Chris to provide some more color here as well. But you’re right. The growth was driven by a number of things, one is that we did have some pipelines and volumes that really got pushed out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter, and so we saw growth there. We also benefited this quarters significantly from pay downs being lower and that was about $1.3 billion lower pay-offs this quarter than what we had in the fourth quarter. And so that was a huge benefit to us as well. And the growth was across the board, and I think Chris will highlight some of the market, especially some of those new markets for us that contributed to it.
Don Kimble: As far as the deposit beta this quarter, you can look at our deposit rate went up by about 5 basis points this quarter compared to the 25 basis points increase in fed fund. So calculating just that way simplistically, it’s about 25%, on a cumulative basis we’re at 22%. We would expect that 25% to continue to increase throughout the rest of this year and probably getting into the 2019 time period for future increases would be more to our normalized beta, which we've historically talked about mid-50s beta. And so we would see a gradual increase from here to that point. And those are the assumptions are baked into our net interest income guidance for the outlook for this year.
Don Kimble: That's correct and so I would just say that it's roughly on average about $40 million decline from what the first quarter level was. And again a good portion of that really comes from the removal of some of these one time or seasonal items. And so essentially the increases and incentive compensation related to stronger performance and capital markets and some of the other investments we’d be making will be offset by the impact of the cost savings we talked about and timing of those.
Don Kimble: What we've included in here is the guidance we have for total loans. And so the midpoint of that I believe was $89 billion and the midpoint of the deposits was in the $1.04 billion range, so those would both be about $2 billion increase from where we were on average basis for the first quarter. And based on how we’re positioned to-date with our ending balances for loans being up $1 billion dollars from the average for the first quarter, I think we're off to a good start here in the second quarter.
Don Kimble: I would say that the pre-provision net revenue impact really was related to more of the timing and some of the elevated level of expenses this quarter that we expect to see come down throughout the rest of the year. And as far as the investments we’re making and the revenue synergies that more of those as we’ve talked about before are proportionate to the revenue. And so we still believe we’re on a path to achieve a run rate for those revenue synergies of $150 million a year by the end of this year and achieve $300 million target by the end of next year.
Don Kimble: It tend to be more deal specifics, so there really isn’t any trend or any specifics as far as industry seen any stress or pressure, it really is just one item at a time. So no big or unusual transactions and no industry concentrations there.
Don Kimble: You’re right on that point but keep in mind that a good portion of the revenue growth is coming from more of our fee-based businesses, and some of those are tied to the capital markets and there is a direct correlation between the expenses associated with supporting that and their actual revenues. And so revenue if revenue don't come through, we would see a corresponding reduction to the expenses. And we’ve always talked as well as that we’re very focused on continuous improvement. And we’ve talked about times will make investments, because we’re seeing the payback and have additional revenue growth opportunities for making those investments. At times revenues won't be there, and so we’ll pull back on the expenses. And you’ve seen a little bit of that here with this quarter and what we’re talking about, because the expense initiatives that were taken on for the rest of this year are probably elevated and toward the upper end of what our normal guidance range would be to make sure that we can manage to and live up to our commitments we made as far as our expense outlook.
Don Kimble: I would say when the tax law changed, we did make an investment in our people and we increased our minimum-wage to $15 an hour, and so that was meaningful to a lot of our employees and I feel that was appropriate step to take. And we also had a one-time contribution to the retirement funds for those individuals as well. And so that was both we thought very constructive. We’re very focused on continuing to drive the core and we want to focus on driving positive operating leverage for the current year and we’ll expect to do the same thing in ’19 and beyond in. And for us to do that, our investments will have to be made through benefits we have from cost savings and from future revenue growth. And so it won't be a direct result or connected to the tax reform that’s occurred.
Don Kimble: No, you're right. And the recently we added that this quarter is last quarter's call I had a question as whether or not that was taxable equivalent or not, and it was. And so on a consistent basis, we just want to make sure that I was clear for the investors to know that.
Don Kimble: We have said that the full amount is in the second quarter outlook, so we will have it achieved. And I would say that we were over half the way there in the first quarter, and then you would see that in some of the non-personnel related expenses, which are down $35 million on a linked quarter basis.
Don Kimble: Your right, first quarter of last year would have had some noise around First Niagara, so it might not have been quite as transparent as it is this year. If you look at just, for example the benefit costs, we’re up $10 million on an adjusted basis this quarter compared to a year ago quarter. $5 million of which was timing related and so that was more pronounced of this quarter than what we would have expected. And then beyond that as far as expenses as I highlighted earlier, we really had about $20 million worth of expenses, but just broke against this quarter and we wouldn’t expect that to continue or recur. But anything that to turned against us this quarter from an expense perspective and so that really made the overall seasonality and timing related issues even more pronounced this quarter than what it has been historically.
Don Kimble: We would expect ongoing seasonality as far as the benefit cost and some other day count related issues going forward that's correct.
Don Kimble: Matt, we typically don’t given guidance specifically on a quarterly basis. But I will say that the majority of that $30 million benefit increase we should see it come down. And so I would expect to see in the neighborhood of about $25 million decline for that line item. Two of the other line items that I talked about that we wouldn’t expect to continue at that level, it would be purchase true-up, which cost us about $4 million in the elevated operation losses which were about $3 million. And so those combined would imply about a $30 million reduction on a core basis to expenses, and I think that's a good walking around assumption for this point in time.
Don Kimble: Good question, and two of the initiatives that we've really kicked off and this year it has been more of the consumer lending platforms, both for residential real-estate related and also for non-residential real-estate, so there are two initiatives. Those really are the area of increase for this year. I would say that in future years, we’ll continue to have a component of our technology development to continue to reinvest in the core. And so we will see opportunities there to make those investments, and those will be again more consistent with the overall plan and efforts. This year, we also have some digital investments going on that we think that will be an ongoing part of our business model as well, because we believe those are critical for us continue to stay current and make sure that we're making the appropriate investments in the digital aspects for both our consumer and commercial customers.
Don Kimble: When we look at technology spend that we would tend to have captured in a couple different buckets. One is for personnel and contractors, which all will go through the personnel line item where we saw that elevated level. And that would be in the $120 million to $125 million range for this year. I would say our total technology spend is closer to $200 million, which would include some software and hardware investment as well. And that's fairly consistent with what we’ve had on a run rate. But keep in mind in some prior periods more of the efforts were focused on the integration and conversion for First Niagara. And so we’re seeing those efforts more aligned now to the platform, the digital and just ongoing core investments in the business.
Don Kimble: Realignment of those businesses, as we’ve gone through the integration with First Niagara, we identified some areas where we can make things more efficient and more effective. And so we have combined some areas and that’s -- a lot of gain some efficiencies from a business alignment. And then as far as the staffing models, we just have a number of areas where we’re performing outside what our normal models would be and we’re achieving those targeted levels through normal attrition of other efforts. And so it’s just making sure that we continue to adhere to those models and continue to deliver the synergies we would expect to see from the combination.
Don Kimble: And as far as the efficiency ratio for the overall Community Bank that we are seeing the improvements that we want to see that we are seeing the savings come through for the merger. The Community Bank was a disproportionate party that was impacted by some of these seasonal and/or unusual costs this quarter and that drove their efficiency ratio up. We would expect to continue to see some strong positive operating leverage from the Community Bank going forward and expect to see some of these seasonal items go away and show some meaningful progress going forward from that.
Don Kimble: You’re right. As far as the overall spend, I would say that we can remain very competitive with that. The other thing that we have going forward is our ability to partner with fintechs and other providers. And so while we might not be developing our own capabilities like some of the larger banks might, we believe we can get some of the same benefits. And we’ve talked about that in the payment space where we have a number of strategic partnerships where we can bring to market very competitive and very technically advanced types of products and capabilities to our customers without having to develop that ourselves. And so the $200 million is just consistent with how we look at as far as the spend and believe it’s appropriately positioned going forward.
Don Kimble: The order book has done very well. But again we focus on a FICO score of about 760, the delinquencies has been holding up very well and we’re fine with the performance of the that business. And as we highlighted, that’s been an area of benefit to us as far as taking that product across the legacy key footprint to the dealers that we already have relationships with. And so we’re seeing some synergies from that as well.
Don Kimble: Again, on that front, we do expect that those are moving in line with outlook that we expect to be at $150 million run rate by the end of this year and $300 million by the end of next year. Where we're seeing benefits already are on the commercial payments space where we continue to see a nice adoption rate going from the former First Niagara customers and some of the products and capabilities we have there. We’ve seen some strong growth as far as the capital markets related activities, especially on the commercial real estate customers or First Niagara. And we placed about $400 million of debt on that front, so that’s been a real win for us. We talked about indirect auto earlier with you Kevin as well, and so we’re seeing growth there. One thing that hasn’t shown as much on the bottom line so to speak that we’re seeing good activity is the residential mortgage. And if we look at the application volumes here for the first quarter, they’re up 41% from a year ago. And so we haven't seen volume come through as far as closed deals and that we are optimistic that we’re starting to see some pick up here in the second quarter and beyond.
Don Kimble: There really aren't any comment threads there at all, but what we're seeing in our small leverage portfolio that are relatively stable and it continues to perform well. It is more of a deal-by-deal basis that we're seeing some increases there, and it's very slight. And it's up from the fourth quarter but down from the first quarter of last year, and as the percentage of total loans at 61 basis points, which is still pretty low compared to the industry overall.
Don Kimble: As far as the overall margin, we do believe that they’ll be a lift there as far as the cash flows are for our investment portfolio. I think we highlighted that the new purchases were coming on at about a point higher than what the roll-off of the portfolio, and we’re seeing about a $1.2 billion plus of the cash flow each quarter now on the investment portfolio, same thing on the swap books. We had about $1.4 billion of maturities to the swap book and the roll off rate versus the new rate for those replacement swaps is about 160 basis points wider. And so we’re seeing lift there as well. And so we think those would both be additive. And so when we think that there could be some lift there, we would refer to the core margin as being relatively stable even if rates don't go up with maybe some slight bias for something with lift there, because offsetting that would be the continue drift to the portfolio on the deposit side more on the time deposits, and also seeing some of the impact as far as a continued reduction in purchase accounting accretion, which would decrease our margin by about a basis point a quarter. And then as far as the taxes, you're right but they’re really two components that drove that each in the $10 million range as far as the benefit this quarter, one was for the employees stock purchases and vesting that occurred; and that really is more heightened as far as the first quarter based on when some of the stock plans do vest; the other was higher tax credits. And the way that we would look at that is it did have a benefit to us this quarter, but that really essentially offset some of the timing issues we saw on the expense side. And so we feel pretty good about the quarter being at $0.38 and feel that both of those essentially offset each other and provide for a baseline for us going forward.
Don Kimble: I’ll take the first crack at this and hand it over to Chris to get more color on the competition. But I would say that pricing on the commercial front has been extremely competitive here over the last year plus. And we’re not seeing any change or acceleration of that competition, or any more pressure on the pricing after the tax reform than what we did before. And so I don't want to characterize this as there isn't some impact there, but I would say that it’s the continuation of what we’ve been seeing. Our outlook for the net interest income guidance for us does assume that we continue to see a very competitive marketplace as far as pricing for new loan volumes and re-pricing.
Chris Gorman: So if you just step back for a second, our business is one where we’re constantly out talking to our clients and things develop over time. So if you step back, we have more bankers, we have better dialogue, we have more clients, we continue to expand the clients that we have. So in any given quarter, you'll see movements like this. We had really strong performance across the board. We had strong performance in the Rocky Mountains, strong performance in the Pacific Northwest, we had strong performance in our Hudson Valley area. And we also had strong performance in some of these overlap markets that Don mentioned and those would be markets like Buffalo and some of our new markets like Pittsburg and Philadelphia. Also in our industry based businesses, we had pretty much across the board growth, so it was just a really good quarter for both on and off balance sheet growth.
Chris Gorman: Actually, our private banking business, which is the bulk of that, is actually on a really good trajectory. You probably saw we had $39 billion of AUM and we continue to gain a lot of traction there. That was somewhat offset by challenging comp periods for both our equity and our fixed income trading businesses.
Chris Gorman: In that business, both our fixed income and our equity business, we really are just facilitating liquidity for our clients. The equity platforms in general I think are under a lot of pressure in terms of margins. And we just didn’t have the quarter and fixed income that we've had previously.
Chris Gorman: So there is really two things, one is our book. Our leverage book has been flat for some period of time, so that's a book that is a small percentage of our total loan portfolio, and secondly it has a lot of velocity. With respect to leverage in general and what we're seeing in the marketplace, there is in fact rising levels of leverage in some transactions in some parts of our business and obviously that's something we watch very closely.
Chris Gorman: What I think you’re really seeing is a pretty typical seasonality that we experienced in that line. We always look at that line on a trailing 12 basis. And so if you look at, for example, in absolute terms this is a record first quarter for us. If we look at our backlogs now vis-à-vis a year ago, our backlogs are actually better than they were a year ago. So we feel pretty good about where the business is. There was one thing and we noted there were few of pay downs in the first quarter and when you have fewer pay downs, typically that can adversely impact the fee line and investment banking and that placement fees as well. But we feel really good about where the business is and particularly where it is vis-à-vis this time last year.
Chris Gorman: Don, one thing that I would add to that is in the real estate area, I think level of intensity has even increased to a greater degree than on the C& I front. And you see that really reflected in our business, because we have -- our approach to serving our clients has remained unchanged. But you can see that were getting significant growth in terms of commercial mortgage were up 21% on quarter-over-quarter basis. And so what we’re doing is we’re figuring out really the right place to take our clients and to fund their needs.
Chris Gorman: I would say real estate broadly and then specifically, we see it in multifamily probably as much as anything. Also industrial is an area where there has been significant price appreciation. Over the last year, there's been about an 11% appreciation in industrial space and then last quarter, there was mid single digit, so that scenario that's hot as well.
Beth Mooney: Good question Erika, and no it does not. But it certainly does augment and support how we have talked about our capital priorities.
Beth Mooney: As we look at it, we think we have the adequate resources to support both our business strategies and the investments that we need to enable those. And that would include people, product and capabilities as we’ve talked about in the past. So being smart in allocating and prioritizing our investments is always part of how you do this, but certainly a discipline that we believe we have and do believe we are well-positioned to compete.
Beth Mooney: And Kevin, I would add that on mortgage side part of what we talked about last year was ramping up our staffing as well as investments and making sure our platforms from a underwriting through servicing we’re ready to accommodate what we saw was probably the largest driver of our revenue synergy. And so I would say we entered 2018 staffed and ready, but that is something that will definitely build throughout the year, and is reported on our income statement in the way where we will be able to track it.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. And again, we thank you all for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
