Donald Kimble: Matt, we would expect to continue to drive the efficiency ratio down from here. As you highlighted, the most recent transactions are not helpful in that case, but we do believe that there are opportunities between the additional expenses savings that we have remaining of $50 million from First Niagara, which we expect to realize early in 2018. The additional revenue synergies that we'll be achieving from that acquisition and just the organic growth where we continue to drive positive operating leverage to help drive the efficiency ratio down in 2018.
Donald Kimble: I think as far as the future expectation, we expected that purchase accounting accretion will continue to wind down year after year and continue to get to the point five, four years from now. It would not be adding any benefit at all. I would say that the current quarter came in lower than our expectations as far as that $48 million number because the purchase accounting benefit from the prepayments came in lower than what we would have expected. And so that's the only difference from that perspective and just our outlook will continue to reflect that as our new start point.
Donald Kimble: What we had said in the script was the core without the PAA. That even with the PAA that still be in that same general ranges because when we say stable we say plus or minus a couple basis points and we would expect the purchase accounting to have that kind of or an offsetting impact.
Donald Kimble: In our updated guidance, we have assumed that the prepayments or paydown would be higher than typical. And that's why we're showing loan growth getting us to $87 billion to $87.5 billion for the fourth quarter. As far as our insights, we were a little surprised by the level of paydowns we saw in September, so I wish our crystal ball is a little clearer than what it is right now, but I would say that that came in higher than expectations and so we're - our updated guidance would reflect that we would see some continuation of some of those higher levels of paydowns.
Donald Kimble: Good comment. As far as our outlook, we're not backing out any of the impact from HelloWallet or the impact of Cain Brothers, so those were included in the numbers. So you're right, if you would add in a similar number for this quarter and the impact of Cain Brothers, we would be at the higher end of that guidance range. I would say that an outlook for the fourth quarter would assume that the core expense levels and Cain Brothers would probably be a little bit below the third quarter level, but when you add in Cain Brothers it would be higher than the third quarter level of 956.
Donald Kimble: I would say one is, as we've been counting on and continuing to show growth in our C&I of book. I would say that CRE and our construction portfolio did good show decline this quarter. We would not expect that that level of decline to continue that we would expect to be more of an ongoing stable look to that portfolio in the future. That we have seen some decline, especially in the construction portfolio and would expect to see that continue to trend down a little bit.
Donald Kimble: And we'll provide more clarity at the first quarter calls or 2018 outlook. But I would say generally that we would see the remaining $50 million realized in that first part of 2018. Also think about as our revenue synergies would be realized. We've said that that would be $300 million over the next two to three years. We'll also have expense added to tune of about $100 million to support that $300 million in growth. And so we would see that kind of proportionate throughout the next few years to grow to that level of additional revenue levels. I would I expect core expenses, absent those kind of trends and adjusted for these recent acquisitions would be relatively stable, what we've tried to do is continuing to drive the positive operating leverage by achieving cost savings to help offset some of the expense increases and allow those an investment to drive the revenue growth, which generates positive operating leverage.
Donald Kimble: I would say as far as our revenue synergies, it's a total of $300 million a year, net building proportionally throughout 2018 and 2019 and intend to 2020 a little bit. And we would expect the incremental expenses to be proportionate to that revenue realization. So we don't think there will be any further early build out of those expenses and so we would expect to see that net benefit continue to build throughout the next two to three year time period.
Donald Kimble: Yes, the $19 million included both the allowance and the reserve for unfunded loan commitments. The $22 million for the - newly acquired loans was a little bit higher this quarter. I don't know that I would signal that's a new pace for us as far as having provision exceed charge-offs by $20 million that we do expect to continue to build that allowance at about a 1 basis point per quarter. So you will see some increased provision to account for that.
Donald Kimble: I would think that you start to see that build in 2018. As Chris said, we've been building out that residential mortgage business and we'll start to see the benefits there. We're already - seeing some of the benefits start to show some sprouts as far as the payment business and the capital markets related activities. And so those will continue to build those annuities doing for us going forward and start to pickup in 2018.
Donald Kimble: Sure. And you're right. We talked about our long-term target for that CET1 to be in that 9% to 9.5% range. Past year CCAR submission reflected the impact of our acquisition which has some punitive impact to it as far as how the math works, and so our expectation is that we should - that highlight would be able to continue to step up that dividend and have share repurchases to help manage that capital levels down toward that 9% to 9.5% targeted range. And so we're optimistic that we can take those steps here in the next CCAR submission. To your point as far as the SIFI designation and what type of benefit that might have. Last year, we started to see a little bit of relaxing of some of the payout levels and before we had constraints as far as the payouts couldn't exceed a 100% of total earnings, and so we think that if that SIFI designation would change that could even loosen those restrictions even further. But our objective continues to have a strong level of capital and we believe in that 9% to 9.5% range that would position us very well respectively.
Donald Kimble: Gerard unfortunately what you're seeing in there really is some noise related to that purchase accounting true up that we had in the second quarter. And that was about $42 million most of which hit those categories that you talked about. And so if you would adjust for that, our commercial loan yields were up 15 basis points linked quarter, which reflects the impact of the increased LIBOR for the quarter. And so we're seeing on a core basis, it just makes it more difficult for you all to see it on a reported basis.
Donald Kimble: Sure. As far as the investment portfolio, we have about a $1.4 billion cash flow as a quarter coming off that portfolio. For the fourth quarter, we would expect to see about a 50 basis point pick up on that $1.4 billion compared to the run off of that portion of the portfolio and so that will be an add-in that, so we get back to the gains as far as a relatively stable core NIM for the quarter.
Donald Kimble: I would say that the paydowns that we saw throughout the quarter that put pressure on our loan portfolio didn't necessarily correspond to the same type of benefit we would've seen for some categories that had a higher purchase accounting discount recorded at the time of the acquisition. And so those higher credit discount portfolios didn't deteriorated as much this quarter as what they had in previous quarters. And so it was really more of a mix of those paydowns as opposed to the absolute level of paydowns to cause that balance come down at a slower pace.
Donald Kimble: Sure, as far as the investment bank, we tend to see about a 30% correlation between the revenues changes and the comp expense that related investment banking debt placement fees. And so that's been fairly consistent over the last couple of years. One of the drivers this quarter as far as total personal cost, this is a - do we see seasonal increases in our healthcare and medical costs and that also drives an increase on a linked quarter basis around $5 million or so.
Donald Kimble: Yes, as far as our guidance for outlook the one piece that we did change was the loans and so we do see those at a lower level for the fourth quarter than we previously expected and it came in a little light on the third quarter compared our expectations, and so that's the primary driver. As a result of that, we're seeing a little less net interest income, but we've still kept that in the overall guidance range that we established at the beginning of the year. We've also seeing purchasing accounting accretion come in a little lower than what we had previously expected and so we think that is - there is an area of challenge from that perspective. The opportunities we continue to see strong fee income growth and we think we're well positioned for the capital markets, space to be strong again in the fourth quarter and we think fee income is growing at a pace. That's an in line to better than where we had been position before. And I'd say as far as the expense guidance that the only adjustment we've made there really is reflect Cain Brothers that wasn't previously in our guidance and even with that we're still in the range that we could previously provide. So I don't know that has changed materially as well and so I think it's just the three pieces that really have moved a little bit.
Donald Kimble: I guess more of the latter that we do believe we want to see our dividend continue to step up and get into that payout range of 50% and then we will adjust the other capital actions, share buybacks to help manage that capital level down to that target range over time and so that's where we think there should be a nice step up for us in future CCAR periods to be able to reflect those.
Donald Kimble: The paydowns, you're right, probably had a disproportionate impact on the commercial real estate portion and construction. We would expect construction continue to wind down a little bit from the current levels and so we would expect that we also expect paydowns to continue to be an elevated level here in the fourth quarter. But longer-term, we do think that there's opportunity to show more stability and maybe down the road a little bit of growth there in the commercial real estate portion of the portfolio and that continue to see that line down.
Donald Kimble: I think as we step back and look at it, as you know we've always been strong in C&I. So we have a real business built around continuing to go out and as we look at it, it's really share capture because it's not as though we're holding any more of the credits that we're underwriting. So we really attribute that 2% linked quarter on annualized growth to really fortunate enough to be out there and be able to win in the marketplace.
Donald Kimble: One thing I'd like to add to that as well is that historically we rely more on the Corporate Bank as far as generating the C&I growth and I say over the last year and half to two years, we've seen the Community Bank portion of the commercial lending activity also be additive and that's been a real help for us and so we have the entire organization helping to drive that as opposed to just one portion of it.
Donald Kimble: First of all, it goes a lot longer than mind - but I would say just continue to assume that 10% decline per quarter to continue for the foreseeable future be a good estimate at this point in time.
Beth Mooney: Yes, and I appreciate the opportunity to be clear on point. As we look at Capital Management for 2018 and beyond, I think our priorities are very clear. First and foremost, our ability to use our capital to support our organic growth is our top priority. The ability to continue the dividend increases that have been outlined in our capital submission and was expected continue as we summit next year CCAR as we talked about migrating our dividend payout more - 50% range as a priority and then to continue to repurchase our share to be extent they are attractive for our shareholders and return of capital to our shareholders. From there strategically our priority would not be M&A. That is not a priority and yet on that front, we do not yet feel like we are fully complete realizing the value of First Niagara for our shareholders. So first and foremost, we believe and credibly important that we complete the job there and make sure that our shareholders realize the full benefit. And then to the extent, we have done investment, the people product in capability. Those are things that we continue to look to enhance our relationship strategy as well as our capabilities for our customers. Cain Brothers would be a recent example of that and within the second quarter HelloWallet and the purchasing our Merchant Services business would be examples of other areas where we feel like investment support our strategy and enhance our growth.
Beth Mooney: And Marty, I would add that if you look at 2016 the first half of the year that markets were depressed and not functioning well, so our levels of investment banking and debt placement fess were not consistent with the level of performance we would have expected. In the third quarter last year is the quarter where you really saw the markets open up and a lot of the pipeline flow through, so third quarter last year was actually a record year and reflects those pent-up demands coming out of the slow first half.
Beth Mooney: And John I would add that there is dialog that relates around physical policy particularly related to tax reform and I do think that there is some tendency at this point here to way to see what that in uncertainty translate into an - with the more constructive tax environment. I do think there is some level of demand that might come for.
Beth Mooney: And Steve I would just add to that also part of it if you think about it that we talked about last quarter and it continues into this quarter is that the First Niagara bankers in the new and overlap markets are starting to also contribute the first couple quarters or perhaps more focused on transitioning their relationship books and they are now also starting to see growth, which is gratifying.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. Have a great day.
Christopher Gorman: Hi, Saul. It's Chris Gorman. Good morning. It's really a few areas where we're principally focused and those areas are - and I'm going to come back to residential mortgage in a minute, it's residential mortgage payments that made a couple of comments about the trajectory of our repayments business where we have a pretty broad portfolio that we're doing a pretty good job penetrating. Next is private banking. If you look at the legacy First Niagara footprint, there is a lot of wealth in that footprint and our key private banking business can do a good job and we think of penetrating that. Next we've got a lot of activity in the commercial banking capital markets area. It's kind of fun for me as I'm out in the market calling with people, you really can't differentiate kind of the way we're going to market in the new areas in the legacy area. So I think we're making really a lot of progress there. And then lastly and importantly, I mentioned residential mortgage that's a business that First Niagara had that's a business that we - Key didn't have in that we're building and we think it's a significant opportunity. If we just get our fair share of the 3 million clients, we have that are taking out residential mortgages. We think that can be a pretty significant growth business and on that point we've added - if you look at our MLO count just in the last quarter, we've added 20% for that sales force. So that gives you maybe a little bit of the flavor of kind of where we're focused.
Christopher Gorman: Gerard, it's Chris. So as you think about - specifically since your question was about real estate, what you're seeing is sort of what you would expect at this point in the cycle, so I don't think the underwriting standards are changing dramatically. I will say though with the capital markets being as wide open as they are what you're seeing is that our customers have a lot more opportunity to look at taking 10-year no recourse, 10-year paper, and I'm thinking of Fannie, Freddie, FHA/HUD, the Life company's, CMBS market has been open. So clearly there are opportunities for our customers, but in terms of what people are putting on their balance sheet, we haven't seen a huge change.
Christopher Gorman: So in terms of the breakout, Gerard we've never provided a breakout by product with respect to that number. So that number that has a trailing 12 run rate of about $550 million, it's obviously - it's a big business for us. We've grown it each of the last several years. We anticipate continuing to grow it this year. As it relates specifically to some penetration into First Niagara, we have had some successes which really gives us frankly a lot of comfort. One of the areas of success is in commercial mortgage. So far we placed about $300 million of commercial mortgages things that were on our books that first and foremost serve the client better because it's a better deal for the clients. We make a fee; we de-risk our balance sheet, so that's one area. We've also had some wins in terms of things like straight up financial advisory type work which is pretty early to already have been engaged in complete those. So we feel pretty good about that trajectory.
Christopher Gorman: I would say that credit continues to be very strong there and no deterioration in that portfolio. Keep in mind that we focused on issuing super prime paper, so it's a 760 FICO score on average. So we're very pleased with the performance and we believe that we continue to be positioned well for that business.
Christopher Gorman: Marty, it's Chris. We don't specifically think that the hurricanes and some of the other disruptions had a material impact. A lot of these transactions have a pretty long lead time, and exactly when they happen is a whole to influence of things, but I don't think the weather per se had an impact on the timing of these deals. Having said that, we do feel good about where the pipeline is.
Christopher Gorman: John, its Chris Gorman. A couple things, as we look forward into the fourth quarter, the pipelines are strong and there's a few things really working in our advantage there. The first is that we have a leasing business that typically is a fourth quarter business. Second thing is just our business flows continue to be good. Even areas like real estate where we didn't grow loans, we're clearly growing the business. So we have really good for us, as it relates specifically the utilization, pretty flat. So if you go back a year, you go back a quarter right around that is the utilization has been flat. So that is potential upside if people feel the impetus to sort of go along on inventory, which heretofore we haven't seen.
Christopher Gorman: No, I think sentiment has remained sort of as it's been. I would describe it as cautiously optimistic. We're out talking to our clients all the time. But one of the interesting things that we've seen in places as diverse as say, Elkhart, Indiana and Boise, Idaho is all the sudden - it seems like unskilled labor is a little bit tight. It seems like the cost of building materials are starting to increase. So I would hold those out as sort of a little bit of a sort of green shoots as you think about people getting back to being a little bit more aggressive. But what we're seeing in general is sort of a continuation of what we've seen, which is that our clients are doing well, but they're cautiously optimistic.
Christopher Gorman: No, I would just say that as an enterprise, we have about $10 billion of exposure in places like hospital, seniors housing, skilled nursing. Cain is an organization that we have been keenly interested in for some time. So we're adding about 100 people, 25 senior bankers that have very, very good relationships that tie in really well with the business that we built. So the first test we always have when we're looking at any acquisition like this is can we integrate it into our core business and if you think about the offerings that we have in terms of debt payments, equity, we think Cain will be a great fit.
Christopher Gorman: Mike, its Chris. We agree that we think the model that we've built is first and foremost well suited to our clients to be able to access whatever the most advantageous capital was. And so to the extent that there are pockets of pretty the markets are wide open in their pockets of opportunity out there, we think we're well positioned to serve our clients and continue to grow our business. It might in any given quarter, not be on the loans, on our balance sheet line. But we can continue to grow our business.
Christopher Gorman: It's really broad-based, as Don mentioned in our Community Bank going to places, last week I was in Salt Lake, I was in Boise, we're getting really good growth across the board and a lot of that is C&I and that's the business of course that just last quarter had double-digit growth. So it's really broad-based.
