Don Kimble: Sure, and Scott as your highlight, we did have some seasonal trends in the deposits, especially the cost, some of the pressure on liquidity. And so, in the second quarter, our margin came down by three basis points from liquidity not any impact on net interest income, but that did have an impact on the overall margin. We also saw a reduction that wasn't expected as far as our purchase accounting accretion. Last quarter – first quarter, we're at $22 million, second quarter, we came in at $17 million, we would expect that to be relatively stable with maybe a slight decline from here, but not having the kind of pressure that we saw this past quarter. Going forward, we would expect margin on a reported basis to be relatively stable. And so, to your point, we should see some of that liquidity come back in over time. And that could help offset some of the pressure associated with the most recent our expected and 25 basis point rate decline. And so, we think that positions us to have more stability in that margin prospectively. 
Don Kimble: On that point, the events that resulted in the fraud actually took place here in the third quarter. And that's why the timing of the loss is recognized in the third quarter as opposed to the second quarter. 
Don Kimble: If we would get an additional rate decrease of additional 25 basis points, we think near term that would have a negative impact of about two to three basis points. And essentially what causes that is, is that our deposit pricing lags a little bit as far as the current market and so we would see a little bit of a near term negative impact from that. 
Don Kimble: Well, we're very pleased with the credit quality of the originations. We love the customer base that we're approaching with Laurel Road. And as far as just this product, I don't know that we're going to see tremendous growth from that, but we think there's a lot of additional opportunities for expanding the relationships with these customers, whether it's residential mortgage or savings products or other potential relationship building services that we can provide for that customer base. So, we do expect to see nice growth there, but maybe not at the same pace on the student loan consolidation product.
Don Kimble: Sure, that I think your math is right there, Steve. So, what I would offer up is that, first of all, we take a look at our investment banking, debt placement fees, and we compare what we reported in the second quarter of last year to the run rate for the second half of last year. It's an increase of $42 million. And we believe that our pipelines are strong and activity levels support, seeing that same type of continued growth from here. In addition to that $42 million increase we would see seasonal increases in a number of key categories, including COLI, which we believe adds about $20 million to the second half of the year compared to what we saw in the second quarter. And then we also have about $30 million of other growth. And I would say that growth is coming from areas we might not have seen as much in the past. But we talked about our mortgage production this quarter. And that's the first time we really see that come through. And we were originated over $1 billion in the second quarter, our application volumes, and our pipelines are even stronger going into the third quarter than they were the second quarter. And so, we think we're positioned there. We also think there's other categories where we're seeing a lot of growth. And so, if you would assume about $30 million for additional growth, the $20 million for seasonal increases and roughly the $40 million plus for the IBND revenues, we believe that we'll be at that 95 kind of million range that you're talking about to further needed to achieve that kind of growth for the second half. 
Don Kimble: Well, initially, we would and so for example, on our average rates paid on deposits, the first quarter after that rate decrease, we think that deposit rates will go down by about five basis points in that second quarter. That cumulative reduction would be about 10 basis points. And so that's how that two to three basis points initial hit will go away over time. 
Don Kimble: Great and in our comments, we did allude to that we've already achieved the $200 million, but we still have other efforts and steps and identified and we're executing against for further continuous improvement. And so, we are very committed to delivering that 54% to 56% range. And so, we believe that that will help provide some support for that. So, it's critical that we continue to manage that we're always going to be focused on further continuous improvement efforts to manage that efficiency ratio down and generate positive operating leverage. I think one thing else that's unique for us compared to many of our peers too is the steps we did take as far as managing our overall asset liability position. And as we noted in our comments that we've added a $15 billion worth of swaps and floors to help protect against that downward rate pressure and that did cost us some margin over the last few quarters, but we think that it was prudent for us to be able to manage to that level, especially given the current outlook that we see for interest rates. 
Don Kimble: Well, sure. And maybe I'll take up more of a comprehensive look at this issue, because I'm sure people have lots of questions about this. But as we did note in our Form 8-K that we are limited as what we can disclose given our current investigation and litigation that's in process. So just let me share a few things that we are able to say at this point. So earlier this month, we discovered fraudulent activity by a long standing business client. We believe that this was an isolated incident involving a single business relationship. We are pursuing all available sources of recovery and means of mitigating the potential loss, which could be as high as $90 million net of taxes. We're conducting a comprehensive assessment of all procedures and related controls and we've reported the incident to law enforcement. The potential loss will be recognized as a third quarter event. And importantly this is not a cyber event or a data breach and we do not believe this to impact our capital plans, which would include both dividends and share repurchases. We also do not believe that this will materially impact core expenses going forward and we remain on track to achieve our cash efficiency ratio target in the second half of this year. And due to the ongoing nature of the investigation and litigation we'll not be able to further comment at this point and we'll provide appropriate updates in public firing filings in the future.
Don Kimble: Yeah, Peter, we were very pleased with our production, especially on the consumer side this quarter. Our commercial has always been a core strength for us and we're seeing that momentum maintained, but that we've been talking for the last couple of years about what we're doing from a residential mortgage perspective and this was the first quarter I can really say that we're starting to achieve that and that $1 billion of production and 60% of that going on balance sheet will clearly help our long growth from that side. Laurel Road over $400 million for this quarter as far as originations and that's also another strength for us. And so, if we just continue to grow loans, like we did in the second quarter, and I think that our ending balance in our pipelines would suggest that we'd be growing average loans each quarter by about $1 billion, which will put us slightly above that $91 billion top end of our guidance range. And so, I think that you're on track there as far as what we're seeing for potential dynamics in that that category. 
Don Kimble: Yeah, we had a small gain in the quarter and interesting enough that we actually had some losses on residual value. The declines will actually go through provision expense in the current quarter and so the two of those, essentially net each other out, and that could be just a little high for the operating lease income.
Don Kimble: What we've said is we were there at the end of the quarter, I would say that a number of the expense programs really had a launch date of around June 30. And so, we still have upwards of about $20 million in run right going into the third quarter for future savings. 
Don Kimble: The biggest variable Matt for expenses beyond that really is the capital markets related revenue. And then as we've shown before, there is a direct connection between the incentive associated with that and the revenues. But we also highlighted that we have other efforts in slide as far as continuous improvement. So even though we've achieved our 200, we're not done yet. 
Don Kimble: Yeah, this quarter, we had reported the Laurel Road expenses of $22 million. And as we noted, there is some in that notable items as far as the deal related expenses. 
Don Kimble: The revenue contribution really so far has been in that loan growth and so we originated over $400 million. So, it will be building over time. And so that's – really didn't have a dramatic impact of the second quarter, but that will be building that annuity stream over time. 
Don Kimble: We've retained 100% of the Laurel Road originations. That 60% was for the residential real estate originations we had. Now, what we do have in the second quarter though is we have transferred about $250 million of the Laurel Road production into a held for sale and then we're in the process of working through a securitization transaction on those assets, just to make sure that we stay current on the markets and see potential equity avenues for us going forward. 
Don Kimble: Yeah, as we ended up the second quarter, we were talking about yields of around 5% that the long end of the curve has moved down by about 50 basis points. So, we're probably in the 450 to 460 range as far as current yields and so it's more that spread. Average life on those loans tend to be around for years and again very strong FICO scores and very low loss content based on the consumers that we're working with.
Don Kimble: No, a couple things on there, Marty. One is that the loan fees are down significantly. In this quarter we're expecting to see a slight recovery there and we actually saw loan fees come down. And so, compared to that peak period, our loan fees are costing us about three basis points on the margin. If you look at the net cost from our swaps in the second quarter, it was around eight or nine basis points that's down from 11 basis points in the first quarter, but there clearly has been a cost there and that's about five or six basis points of additional costs compared to that peak period that you would have talked about as well. And so those both have had a negative impact on margin and we're continuing to hopefully see the benefits from positioning for more of a neutral asset position prospectively. But there was a cost for us to initially establish that. On the loan fee front, what we're seeing there is that just refinance activity has been much slower. And especially in some of the syndicated loan products, we're seeing that across the board as far as being down year-over-year and we would expect to see that start to pick up again once we see the refinancing start to pick up again on that category. 
Don Kimble: I wish I could predict that accurately. I think one of the things that we've continued to be surprised is that as we position our asset liability in a way that we think is neutral, but the yield curve can take plenty changes and movement. If you look at the longer end of the curve, we're probably done 75 to 80 basis points over last 90 days, whereas the short end of the curve is now just coming down 25 basis points we expect later this month. But we think that we are better positioned than our peers, and we've been very deliberate in that approach and looking to make sure that we can maintain as much stability in that margin prospectively as we can. 
Don Kimble: I would say that there's a couple of quarters where that might be a little outside, but I would generally assume fairly consistent throughout the time period that there are some quarters where we have employee issuance for different compensation programs were, we're able to buy back more, but generally pretty consistent throughout the four quarters.
Don Kimble: Yeah, you're right in the first quarter, we had 105 basis points, so this last quarter it was 50 and it went – we're probably closer to the 20 to 30 basis point range today. So, we still have a fairly low yield on our investment portfolio. So there still is pick up there. But it's a less than today's markets than what we would have seen last quarter. 
Don Kimble: Yeah, when we started this – the end of the first quarter, we were seeing a yield of about 5% I would say. Today we're down closer to the 450 to 460 range, because the yield curve has moved down by that much. And so really, it's focused on that kind of spread. And so, compared to that category, I think it's fairly neutral. But compared to the overall loan yields, I think it should be out of the two going forward. 
Don Kimble: It was about $7 million of hit in the second quarter. It's about 5 million in the third quarter and about 2 million in the fourth quarter. So, there is some slight hiccup on an incremental basis each quarter. 
Don Kimble: As far as the rate coming down, the index parts move very quickly with the overall rate changes. And so, it's more of the administered rates that take some time to phase in. And so that's why we only see about five basis points of benefit in our deposit rates in the first quarter. And then would expect that to be up to 10 basis points in the second quarter. And so, it really is more managing through those administered grades.
Don Kimble: Yeah, it is excluded from the full year guidance. And we do believe that we going through as an expense as a fraud loss as opposed to through charge offs. 
Don Kimble: I would say that our expenses being at or slightly below was consistent with our revenue outlook. What would cause that expenses number to be higher is if the revenues coming stronger and the corresponding expenses associated with that would come through. And if for – going forward, if we would miss our revenue guidance, I think there's even further opportunity on the expense side to come down. 
Don Kimble: Yeah, on average, they're a little over two years, as far as the interest rate swaps, the floors would have an average life of about two and a half years. And we've entered into some longer data swaps here recently and going into the full year for some of the new ones, we've been putting in place to more match with some of the more recent balance sheet improvements that we've had, and making sure that we keep that consistent. So, it's something that we watch very closely and we try to be fairly conservative as far as how we manage that overall position.
Don Kimble: Yeah, Gerard, we're actually securitizing off some of the consolidation student loans. And this is something that Laurel Road had done before and we just want to make sure we kept those avenues open and so we're doing a small securitization transaction. And to your point as far as additional products, Laurel Road has already launched a mortgage product. We're continuing to refine some those capabilities they've offered and hopefully be in a position to offer that to our existing retail customers as well. And so, we'll start to see some traction there. And we're continuing to work on plans to further increase the types of products and services we can offer to that customer base. So, we're real excited about the digital capabilities that they bring and I think it has a bright future for us. 
