Donald R. Kimble: This is Don, and I'll go ahead and take the first crack at that. As far as the additional expense savings, we will continue to target areas of opportunity. We're going to be much more focused on driving positive operating leverage, which will drive us to the lower end of that near-term target of 60% to 65%. We think that's appropriate for now that we clearly will identify specific areas. But right now, we're not planning on having any named initiatives or named programs that would target a specific dollar amount.
Donald R. Kimble: That's an accurate description, Ken. Yes, the $13 million is incremental. It's not necessarily just specific to that transaction, but as a result of it. So you're right.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Ken, that's a great question. I think in this environment, we're not exactly sure what might happen as far as changes that could impact that. But right now, our guidance is based on our loan growth slightly exceeding our deposit growth. But there are a couple of things that could impact that. That if the economy slows, we could see less loan growth. We could also see greater inflows to Key. And one thing to keep in mind, too, that is part of our commercial real estate servicing business that while we have a very stable base of deposits there, there might be temporary flows that could result in increases to overall liquidity position, which could impact our net interest margin percentage, but not have a significant impact on the overall net interest income.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, this is customer driven and would allow, similar to what you said, as far as an early prepayment. But it's not necessarily a penalty that's triggered there. It's just the way that the revenues are recognized. And by the early termination, there are certain things that are accelerated as far as the recognition.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, as far as next year, you're right. We're providing guidance of 26% to 28%. That's about where we were on a GAAP basis through the second quarter that we said that this transaction had an impact of about 4 percentage points. And this was a primary adjustment that occurred. But the remaining adjustments occurred from essentially recognition of additional tax credits that were taken in the third quarter. So we do believe the core rate is 26% to 28%. And fourth quarter should be slightly higher than the third quarter, but in line with the full year expectation.
Donald R. Kimble: Last year's part of the CCAR process, the -- one of the stress scenarios did assume a rate increase to see what the impact would be on your bond portfolio from that. One of the benefits we have of being a CCAR bank, but not being a [indiscernible] is the ability to go ahead and opt in or out associated with the OCI impact to capital. And so even though it could have an impact on TCE, we have the flexibility up through the first quarter of '15 to make the determination as to whether or not we want to include or exclude that impact. And I think that provides us with a little bit more cushion than many of the larger banks might have to deal with.
Donald R. Kimble: We've not provided a lot of detail as far as the fee income impact from the commercial servicing deal. There are increased fees that we do receive, but part of the real benefit really is coming from the $1 billion in additional core deposits we're getting from that relationship. As far as the other income category, there really aren't any other significant large unusual items going through this quarter, but we did have some small incremental gains last quarter. But I would suggest that, that is more of an ongoing level at the current quarter amount.
Donald R. Kimble: Consistent with our guidance last quarter, that $680 million to $700 million does include onetime transition or severance type of costs. And so we had estimated that somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range. And so that would be included in that $680 million to $700 million.
Donald R. Kimble: No, I think that you hit on some of the challenges there. And I don't know that we want to speculate as to what kind of additional leverage can we get off the balance sheet. We do believe that our balance sheet can become more efficient than it is today. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is in the low 80% type of range and it's 82% or 83% and our target there is 90% to 100%. And so by making the balance sheet more efficient, it should drive a stronger margin for us. Combine that with the benefits from increased interest rates, we think that 1.25% type of ROA range should increase, reflecting the impact of interest rates and it'll allow us to get a stronger return on equity.
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don. And I would just like to add to that, that we are one step further as far as being able to define what we believe is the appropriate capital level with the release of the final rules. We think a more appropriate time period for us to get more specific as far as our operating range would be after this next year's CCAR process and making sure that we have a full appreciation for what to expect prospectively on the impact in the capital requirements. Unlike the large banks that you had referenced, it's not as clear to us as far as what kind of capital buffer would be required for an organization that's in the lower end of the CCAR buckets. And we want to make sure that we can fully assess the impact of the stress testing and base the capital requirements with the results from that next year.
Donald R. Kimble: It would be our expectation to disclose that at some point down the road. And I wouldn't suggest that being in January of next year, but I think it will be appropriate for us to establish a target there, I guess.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, as the price fluctuates here, you're going to see changes in the impact of stock options and other diluted shares. So that's really what's driving it. And beyond that, it's just the timing of the actual share repurchases and when they occurred.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, they really are spread in the number of categories including occupancy costs, professional fees and other. And much of it relates to the costs associated with the additional branch closures and also some contract renegotiations.
Donald R. Kimble: No, that's primarily the efficiency initiative charges. Not sure how much we would have associated with pension. Since we did trigger that recognition threshold, any lump sum distributions that would occur in the fourth quarter would also trigger an additional loss. But we think it would be much smaller than the year-to-date catch-up that we had for $25 million in the current quarter.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Steve, it's Chris Gorman here. We -- our pipelines look pretty good. As we look forward, both on the fee side and on the loan side and we compare kind of where we are year-over-year where we were this time last year, we feel good about it. And we think it's a direct result of being pretty focused about and disciplined about who we're targeting doing business with. So as you know, we're not necessarily focused necessarily in growing loans. What we're focused on is growing clients and expanding relationships. And as we look at the pipelines that have come out of that, we feel pretty good about it.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Bryan, what we've seen over the last couple of weeks has been fairly consistent. I think most of our clients have been very cautious. I think there's been a lot of uncertainty. We've seen a willingness, interestingly enough, to look at strategic alternatives, but not really a willingness to invest in people or property, plant and equipment. And I would say that is unchanged over the last couple of weeks. The only new data point I have for you recently, as I know a couple of our clients that wanted to roll over CP, 30-day CP, and this is specifically yesterday, they could have rolled 45, but they couldn't roll 30-day. But I am not seeing our clients really adjust yet to some of the uncertainty that's been generated in Washington.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Terry, it's Chris. Clearly, the growth that we've enjoyed has come specifically from our targeting of certain industries. And you look at things like real estate, our industrial business, our growing health care business, we've actually had a lot of lift in our consumer and our energy business. So it's really very focused in the areas that we're in. And that's where our pipelines are as well. Now as it relates to our coordination with the community bank, there similarly we are focusing where we're really strong in those industry groups. And so those trends we looked to continue as well.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So Tom, it's Chris Gorman. A couple of things. First of all, with respect to utilization, utilization picked up slightly quarter-over-quarter. But in general, there has not been any market change in utilization for some time x some activity that occurred late last year that was tax driven. So that's point one. With respect to what's going on in the real estate market, we feel like we have a pretty good eye on what's going on in real estate. We have generated -- we've actually generated fundings of about $30.5 billion this year and only about 13% actually did we put on our balance sheet. So our business model is such that we sort of see both the syndication market, we see what's going on in the equity market, the debt market, and of course, the commercial mortgage banking business. There is no question that, as it is across-the-board, competition has increased. And we've seen some compression of spreads both in the real estate business, and frankly, across all businesses. But for us and our approach where we're really focused on owners of real estate and we're focused on mid-cap REITs, we see plenty of opportunity as we look forward.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Marty, it's Chris. The only thing I would add to what Beth has mentioned is this is really a cultural change for us. And so while we haven't quantified it and there's certainly no name to the program, we will continue across all of our businesses to look for efficiencies, and my guess is we'll find some.
William R. Koehler: Steve, this is Bill. On the commercial side, we would say -- I would say something similar. We have seen continued moderate improvement in the consumer, which has helped us over the past few quarters as our consumer loan volumes continue to improve.
William R. Koehler: So Terry, this is Bill. We would see home equity slowing down a little bit into the fourth quarter. We have seen -- we're pleased that our home equity loan origination extended into the summer longer that it has in the past. And we think that is a good indication that, as I said earlier, the consumer is getting stronger. And we think that's good for the business and the economy long term, but the fourth quarter is always slower.
William R. Koehler: Gerard, this is Bill. We've had -- the comments that were made earlier by Chris about our clients being a little more cautious and watching the developments and watching -- looking for more visibility with respect to tax and health care policy, all those things contribute to an environment where our clients are less comfortable investing, especially in people. So we have seen that and I would say that has contributed to some of the slowing down in the sequential growth.
Beth E. Mooney: Steve, this is Beth Mooney. I will go ahead and give a couple thoughts in that regard. We have been definitely thinking about, and as we've talked about, balancing our ability to become more efficient and productive with our ability to invest and support revenue growth, which is incredibly important that we do both. So as we look into 2014, we see opportunities, as Don outlined, to continue to become more cost effective and work at additional efficiency. But we also look at opportunities to invest in additional client-facing people and relationship managers as we see success in our businesses, as we are growing CF&A loans. So we continue to think we can invest to acquire and deepen relationships. We've talked about technology as an enabler and making sure that we remain competitive within mobile and digital, supported by further branch rationalization and continuing to make sure our consumer segments are more efficient. We also see opportunity to look at potentially adding and expanding to our product capability such as credit cards and payments. And you've seen us do a number of things this year, both through the commercial real estate servicing as well as the exit of Victory, that shows that we're very much trying to keep within our business model of a relationship strategy that we believe is differentiated and pull both levers of investing and creating more productivity for revenue, as well as becoming a more efficient and cost-productive company.
Beth E. Mooney: Priorities to accomplish by the end of the year, I would tell you, is, I think, as we talked about, is the continuing efficiency and productivity both of our income statement, as well as our balance sheet. We've talked about the mix of assets and our opportunities within our cost of liabilities. We also think we could become more efficient within our operations. And we also want to make sure we invest in our businesses for growth and remain very disciplined in capital. We think that we've had a good opportunity this year to return capital to our shareholders, as well as at the margin have a few opportunities to utilize capital and enhance our capabilities and products.
Beth E. Mooney: And I would just add, Erika, too, that we have talked in the past that our portfolio is also intentionally very short, average duration of around 3.6 years. And so when you look at our mix of investments that are in that portfolio, we have what I would call less risk and less extension risk than many other portfolio.
Beth E. Mooney: And Gerard, I would just add that I think it's a little bit, in some ways, a tale of 2 cities, that if you look at it by segment in terms of the size of the company, I think the smaller businesses to midsized businesses, which would be typically in our Community Bank, have been more cautious than what we have seen in some of our targeted clients that's in the Corporate Bank.
Beth E. Mooney: Marty, this is Beth, as you asked for. And that would be reflective of trying to have a point of view on what 2014 CCAR guidance and rules and opportunities will be. We've been pleased this year that we were able to, at an analyst average, have an 80% payout as well as the opportunity to return the net after-tax gain of Victory. So you're right, we've had a good year in our ability to return capital to shareholders and that is one of our capital priorities. But I think it is too soon to have a view of what the 2014 CCAR will be. But it is incredibly important to us to continue to look at our dividend and share repurchase and return of capital to our shareholders.
Beth E. Mooney: And again, at this point in time, we have not gotten the 2014 CCAR guidance nor started working and formulating our response in terms of what will be the mix that we request for the return to our shareholders. So again, premature, but something obviously that we will look at as we submit our application in January.
Beth E. Mooney: As we've said, we did realize our $200 million targeted goal. And Don mentioned in his comments, many of those will be fully realized in our run rate in 2014. We do have some initial projects that we are working on and we've also introduced a very robust Lean Six Sigma process into our company to look at end-to-end processes, as well as client experience. So we look at those opportunities and middle office opportunities in terms of how certain transactions and processes are done, as well as we continue to look at, organizationally, how we do things in various areas of the banks that could possibly be done in more efficient ways, as well as continuing to say what in terms of both our staffing, our distribution and how we are aligned and organized can we do to be more effective and efficient.
Beth E. Mooney: We talk every earnings day to our broader employees after we do this call and that is very much a theme that the highest performing company, this is a way they do business culturally, what they do year in and year out. We think we've gotten a lot of discipline, we've gotten a lot of rigor, we've learned a lot in our ability to meet these objectives. We will continue to expect this of ourselves outside of a named program, but a way, to certainly support our plan for growth, as well as becoming more efficient and productive.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And we thank you all for taking time from your schedule today to participate in our call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson or Kelly Dillon at (216) 689-3133. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you.
