Chris Gorman: Yes. Thanks, Scott. Our prompt bet was that your first question would be expenses, but [indiscernible]. The way I would think about it is we've guided the loan balances down 1 to 3 in the fourth quarter. I think that's going to be the vast majority of any reduction in the balance sheet. We could still see cash come down a bit. And we are still doing some optimization efforts. They won't carry the same size that we would have seen in this quarter. So you'll see a leveling off of that. And that 10 billion I think is the right number to be focused on.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So the answer to the first part of your question, Erika, is we're currently through the third quarter, we've reduced 9 billion. So in the third quarter, we reduced 7 billion on a cumulative basis for the year. We've reduced 9 billion of RWAs. We are well on target to hit our 10 billion. As you try to kind of pivot from RWAs to the impact on NII, interestingly, there is a certain universe of those RWAs that we were able to get just different treatment on, namely the treatment that we qualify for in any event. Secondly, there was a lot of unused line fees in there that obviously those two categories don't have any impact on NII. As you look forward, the other reduction in RWAs would have a marginal impact on NII but a positive impact certainly on our returns, certainly on our margins. The other thing that taking out all these RWAs enables us to do is to focus on rightsizing our expense base as we take out these RWAs. So that's kind of how I think about it.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, first of all, as you know, the rules are still preliminary and they're probably likely to change. That said, we're certainly competent than under the proposed current rules, including the definitions and the associated timeframes, Erika, that we can hit them. And so what we need to do -- what I wanted to do is sort of when the events of March happened and then these rules came out in July, I wanted us to hit the reset button and reset our business and make the difficult decisions so we can get back to growing our business. As I've always said, the underlying business is in good shape. We're adding clients on the consumer side. We're adding clients on the commercial side. And what I want to do is right-size our balance sheet, get our loan to deposit where it needs to be, get our wholesale funding mix where it needs to be, and then free up our people to get back out in the marketplace and do what they do and that's grow our business. So that is the needle that we're currently threading.
Chris Gorman: The medium term, I feel really good about it, Peter. Over the near term, which I would consider the fourth quarter, both of the things you mentioned are a challenge. We will be up on a linked quarter basis as I look at our backlog. But the absolute -- as I mentioned in my comments, the absolute level of the increase remains to be seen. Obviously, the geopolitical issues are an issue. The other thing you think about over the last five or six trading days where the bond market has been, that obviously has an impact as well. So in the near term, I think there's probably additional headwinds. But over the medium term, I think I feel good about the business. Private equity firms are starting to transact, which is important. If you look at the amount of M&A that was completed this year in the 100 billion area, it's down about 50%. And over time, obviously, that comes back. So in the near term, I think we'll be up I don't know to what degree. In the intermediate term as you look at 2024 when there's clarity on where these rates settle in and some of these geopolitical concerns, I think there's going to be a lot of activity.
Chris Gorman: I'd be happy to address that. Let me start by just saying my views on our dividend are unchanged. As we've managed this business, we manage the business for the long term. Similarly, our Board tends to take the same approach on everything, including the dividend. And so when we gather in November, we'll review the dividend as we always do. In the context of a range of scenarios, you were just talking about geopolitical scenarios, et cetera, the macro conditions, but importantly, we're going to take into consideration as we always do the normalized earnings power of our company, and our capital priorities are unchanged. We want to support our relationships as our clients and prospects and secondly, the dividend. The other factors that I think are really important. First and foremost is credit quality, because there's nothing that denigrates capital more than credit losses. I feel really good about our credit quality. We'll also obviously be looking at the burned out of AOCI. That obviously is tied in. And then our ability to organically build capital. We've already talked about that a little bit through a reduction of RWAs and other actions we took. We’re able to grow our capital, our CET1 by 50 basis points this quarter. So that's kind of how I think about it. But I'll end where I start is that my views on the dividend haven't changed.
Chris Gorman: John, it's Chris. We will continue to work across the board of all of these things. We’re down from an FTE perspective in the last year, about 900 people, teammates. And so as we continue to focus on simplifying our business, streamlining our business being a smaller, simpler, more profitable company, a lot more to say on that as we wrap up the fourth quarter.
Chris Gorman: So we've never given numbers around the SNC book. Everyone obviously just got their SNC results. And I can tell you in all my time in this business, our results were the absolute best we've ever had. But we've never disclosed the numbers in terms of dollars or amounts.
Chris Gorman: No, we really -- it's just something that we haven't disclosed on in the past. But as I said, we just got our results back, John, and just very, very pleased with them.
Chris Gorman: So it's a great question. When I was answering Erika's question -- it's Chris. When I was answering Erika's question, we're not going to be leaning into RWA reduction in the manner that we have this year. But make no mistake, we will continue to go through every portfolio we have and rationalize our RWAs because that's the raw material for us to also be expanding our client base. So we're not done on the RWA side. The point I was trying to make is, at this point in the cycle, we're going to be doing both.
Chris Gorman: Yes, good question. So historically, Manan, we would have been kind of 2 billion on any given day. I think we went as high as 11 or 12 this year in the kind of 6, 7, 8 range in the quarter. I think we would migrate that down to 4 to 5 over time. But your view on as treasuries mature, holding those in cash or a shorter duration, treasury portfolio is the right way to think about it. 
Chris Gorman: So there's no -- it's Chris. There's no question. One of the things that we are so focused on and this gets back to the answer that I gave around criticized -- the increase in criticized loans, we are looking at any customers that are exposed to rate increases, however, they are so exposed. And so because we have the primary relationship, we know a lot about these customers. And to the extent we have visibility on that, yes, we are looking at that. And yes, it's factored into our numbers.
Chris Gorman: So we'll give -- as we mentioned, we're going to give guidance with respect, Steve, to 2024 when we report our fourth quarter numbers, but we do feel the urgency to continue to do more on expenses. And just to remind you, we took out 200 million of expenses in the first quarter, which is about 4%. And we are actively right now, as I mentioned, simplifying our business. We're shrinking RWAs. We will come out with more detail in the fourth quarter. But yes, we do feel a sense of urgency to rationalize the cost base, particularly because, as I said, we're going to be a smaller, simpler company.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. Thank you again and have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So to be clear, I think 3-ish area is, again, not out of the realm. I think to your point, Scott, you adjusted today the 80 basis points that we talked about on drag. It'd be a 2.81. Would have been 2.85 last quarter, kind of 3.19 before that. So I think it's going to be kind of continued asset mix over time and funding mix. And what you're seeing, if I just point to the third quarter, you saw kind of flattish deposits and that included a significant reduction in brokered, so more client deposits. But the other piece that I think is really important is that we did and we will continue to focus on reducing our reliance on wholesale funding. So you would have seen that come down on the order of like 4 billion in the quarter, and obviously that has more expense over time. Now your next question is probably once we get into long-term debt rules and we're issuing more wholesale debt, how does that impact that? I think we size that a little bit. We will factor that in. But again, I think when you start to put all these pieces together in a more normalized environment, something in the high 2s to 3s is not out of the realm of possibility.
Clark Khayat: Sure. So just to be clear, on that page, Ken, you'll see an incremental 6.7 billion of pay-fixed swaps. Those were put on to provide some AOCI protection to higher rates. And then the termination of the 7.5 billion of 2024 pay-fixed swaps that we've been obviously talking about now for a couple of quarters. Also done really to guard against higher rates or the prospect of higher rates or as we said kind of rates that remain higher than the forward curve, which is relatively flat down through '24, but has some cuts in the back end. So anything that's sort of there or higher we'll get some protection from both of those positions. I would think about in terms of reducing our kind of NII at risk to higher rates kind of by half to a staged 200 basis point rise, so kind of an extreme scenario, but we're kind of reducing that liability sensitivity there just to protect both capital and earnings.
Clark Khayat: So if I think about the NII fourth versus third, Ken, the swaps and treasuries maturing, which we've talked about and think about, like, if rates don't change, the swap terminations won't have a huge impact versus what we've already shared. It's really protection against rates going up. The payers will add a little bit of NII because we're picking up a little bit of incremental positive carry there. And then you'll see the benefit of a pull through in the quarter of lower wholesale borrowing.
Clark Khayat: And then all that incorporates I think this was, sorry, implicit or maybe explicit in your question, it all incorporates RWA reduction and the loan reduction specifically that we talked about.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So we're seeing about anywhere, just call it roughly $1 billion of cash flow per quarter, coming out of that book. We've used some of that sort of through the course of this year as cash and just short-term liquidity just given some of the things that have happened. You'll see us start to deploy that back into the portfolio in a variety of different ways, but really focused on bringing the duration of that overall portfolio down.
Clark Khayat: Yes, just maybe a couple of things. One, Gerard, I think among banks, and it'd be consistent with all the comments we've made about managing relationships, you'll see all of us kind of defending our best relationships on the credit side, but it's with additional business that comes with that to make those relationships hurdle to Chris' point about standalone credit. So, again, I think that banks are being rational broadly, but defending their best relationships as you would expect. If you think about the third party non-bank credit market, I would just -- I'd make maybe a retrospective comment and a prospective comment. Looking backward, I think there's been a lot of credit that's gone outside the bank market. The question I think which is sort of embedded in yours is, do some of those kind of, call it just for the sake of argument, non-bank or FinTech originated loans sit on bank balance sheets? That would be a question we should be asking broadly. We do not at Key have much if any of that business. The second piece would be around the prospective, which is some of the capital rules are obviously making the private credit funds engage in conversations about flow agreements and taking credit over time. That is yet to be written. But clearly, there's a lot of conversation and activity there.
Clark Khayat: Yes, it's probably a couple of versions. But if you think right now, we are asymmetrically at risk to higher rates. And so we are very contemplative of what happens when rates go up, because as the treasuries and swaps mature, there's still a time component, right? So you feel the cost immediately in the yield sort of pull through. We are contemplating things like a stagflation scenario, right, where it's -- the macro economy is a little softer and you have higher rates. I think often we assume weaker economy rates come down, there are obviously scenarios where that's not the case. So we're just trying to think through all the implications of that and the levers and sensitivities that we have to address that. I think the other piece over time and we've talked -- we used to talk more about this before 2023, which was rates come down quickly as these things are repricing and can we ensure that we're getting the right repricing characteristics when the treasuries and swaps mature? We've talked to that around the hedging we've done for '23. And obviously, we have other significant advantages right now if rates were to come down rapidly. So we're thinking about that broad range of conditions, Gerard, and we're trying to project our best view of it, but we're certainly making sure we're prepared for different trajectories.
Clark Khayat: So the nice thing on the way down from the commercial deposit book, which I know you know, Gerard, but it's sort of 55-ish billion was 33 billion pre-pandemic, so it's pretty meaningful for us. A lot of that's indexed, so it will move when rates move. Now, they're not all indexed at 100%. So you'd have to take that into account. But that stuff tends to move as the market moves. And I think that's a positive. What's always tougher to predict is the consumer book, which obviously was a little sticky going up and it generally is a little sticky coming down. And I think that'll be as much a function of micro market and micro competitive environment. So how are people thinking about those and other sources of funding? If rates do come down quickly, it does tend to make people, people being sort of the industry broadly, think about wholesale funding differently. So you might see more relief on deposits that would cause the consumer to follow faster, but the pace at which consumer rate has come down is always the question there.
Clark Khayat: Sure. So let me just hit the third quarter for a second, John, as I just want to clarify. So we came in a little bit high. As you mentioned, I would just point to kind of about 20 million of one-time costs in the quarter related to illegal reserve build, a Visa settlement that came in late in the quarter and then some elevated medical claims. I think net of those we were sort of consistent with the relatively stable guidance. The core in fourth quarter we think we'll be consistent there as well, again, relatively stable. Just to reiterate kind of pointing out a couple of very or a few very identifiable one-timers, namely FDIC assessment should it come through, some additional expense management related charges, and a pension charge. So relative or net of those, we feel like it'll be stable. The big move also in the quarter was around personnel. And that was primarily driven by the change in stock price. So that is a variable. But the work that we did earlier in the year, as Chris referenced, kind of the beginning of the year getting '23 flat and some of the work we're doing in anticipation of making '24 flat, aside from the charges we take, will provide a little bit of tailwind on expenses in the quarter. And we continue to push hard on real estate and things like third party contracts, which we historically have talked to, but we're moving more and more away from third parties and more focused on using our own folks to do the work we're doing. So we think we have that circle and there's obviously always surprises that can come through, but we feel pretty good about the core stability.
Clark Khayat: There will be, as Chris said, as you kind of shrink the balance sheet, you do have to shrink the expense space, and our largest cost is personnel. So there will of course be some personnel related to that. But we are starting to understand the trajectory of in-office now. And I think we're going to be even more aggressive than we have been about real estate positioning. And again getting those third party contracts, so I would view it as meaningful pieces of all three of those, but certainly people will be part of it. 
Clark Khayat: Yes, that's just -- Matt, that's us just very critically writing our portfolio. There'd be a few categories in there, as we look through it. Transportation would be one, healthcare would be another. There's some consumer product type businesses there. But we take a fair amount of pride in -- and Mark Midkiff is here in the room with us really going through with a fine tooth comb. I don't think there's any additional lost content there. But at this point in the cycle, and you start looking at anyone that has floating rate debt, I think you need to look at that pretty critically. So that's really the genesis of it going from 3.3% to 3.9%.
Clark Khayat: I got it. Well, so not to be picking word choices but I would say the core is actually without those positions, underlying business is reflected there. So I just -- that's an important I think quality of business point to make. But I think you're right on puts and takes. And obviously, if rates -- using the forward curve, if rates were to stay flat, we have seen already in kind of second quarter to third quarter trajectory, deposit pricing has slowed I think NII while running off still a bit, it is stabilizing. So you'll still see some drift in those deposit costs. I think the places where, and obviously we're continuing to shrink the loan book a little bit, so those create some headwinds. As we did say though we are moving aggressively to reduce wholesale funding costs as well. And those are obviously relative to deposit costs generally higher. So that will provide a little bit of relief against the trends that you're talking about. So I would focus more on what do we think the core business is doing from a performance standpoint, which we would view without those swaps and treasuries. We did say, at or near the bottom on NII. I feel good about that, again, assuming the forward curve. The one hesitation I have on that, honestly, Ebrahim, is first quarter, as you know has one fewer day, which has some impact, and always had seasonality in deposit balances. So if you go back a decade other than 2021, which was an anomaly for pandemic-related reasons, we've always been down kind of 1% to 3% on deposit balances in the first quarter. So those are the components we're working through and we'll have a cleaner view on '24 when we guide on the fourth quarter call.
Clark Khayat: Got it. I don't have that number in front of me. It's obviously up given where we're really sort of focused on the five year. So we have taken as we talked about some steps to at least mitigate that. But clearly when rates are moving at this magnitude, you can't cover all of it. So we continue to watch that closely. We managed TCE I think reasonably well in the quarter given some of those changes that you've talked about. But we're really focused on managing, assuming as Chris said to the contemplated new capital rules and timeframe making sure that we're in a position to get our capital the right level as things phase in and markets move and we'll take the steps that we need to take to be compliant with those rules.
