Don Kimble: Sure, Scott, the average life of that portfolio was about 2.5 years. So, it will take probably in total about 5 years before it fully runs off. So, we will see declines each year in those balances. And Chris can highlight a little bit more as far as the rationale and thoughts as far as the exit of those originations, and also why we're excited about the consumer loan origination capacity we can generate now, so.
Don Kimble: No. We were hearing earlier that several other banks were using the same type of assumptions or if not even more aggressive as far as the prepayment. But the SBA has opened. We've actually started to see some of the requests from customers go through and actually get funded here recently, too. So, it still is more of a trickle, but we're starting to see volumes and activity levels pick up, and that's what gives us the basis for our outlook.
Don Kimble: Yeah. We've been looking at all different kinds of uses of that and whether or not we can put it to better use than just sitting in cash. Our challenge right now is that we tend to keep a fairly conservative investment portfolio and really don't want to venture into credit risk in that area. And so, the returns on similar type of agency securities that we would invest in are right around the 100 basis points. And so, we'll continue to assess that to see if we lean into that a little bit more. I would say that we, on a trial basis, started to do – buy some longer dated assets and put some forward starting swaps against that that will convert that asset to a variable rate, say, five years down the road, which is better aligned with our overall strategy and risk profile. And so, we'll consider doing things like that. But near term, I think we will continue to see elevated levels of liquidity, including cash and treasury bills just because we feel that that's more prudent for us to do in this environment.
Don Kimble: You know, we'll provide more specifics on 2021 in January. I would say that as far as some of the moving parts that you're right, that our swap portfolio will continue to mature over time. I would say that as we highlight on Slide 20 that there are a number of fixed rate type of asset classes, including the swaps, the loan portfolio, and also the investment portfolio. And I would say that as we look at how we're positioned compared to others, we think that we're right in line with peers as far as that relative mix – as far as fixed rate assets. As we look at going forward, we think that our margin will probably bottom out something fairly close to where we're at today with over time having a redeployment of some of that liquidity into other loan categories, whether it's consumer or at some point in time seeing some commercial loan growth back up again. And so, the pressure from these rates and the impact on the maturity and the rollover of those fixed rate asset classes would be offset by the utilization of some of those liquidity sources. And so, that would include in that outlook some reinvestment of or, excuse me, prepayment of those PPP loans.
Don Kimble: Gerard, this is Don, and as far as the share repurchases, we feel very good about where our capital position is today. I would say to your points that we would expect that the capital ratios to continue to increase as long as we're not buying back shares. And so, we highlighted that we're up 40 basis points as far as the consideration for when we would be back in the buy shares that we'd want to have a little bit better clarity as far as the clear direction on the economy and where that's heading and making sure that we continue to have the capital to support our customers, support our organic growth and continue to support the dividend. And so, those would be priorities for us above just the share buyback. One other potential consideration is that with the impact of the CECL accounting change and how it impacts our capital ratios, there's about a 30 basis point or so impact that we'll see over time there as well, but we do feel very good about where we're at from a capital perspective. I do believe that it will increase, and if available and things allow and permit, we could consider adjustments that would allow us to probably more proactively manage that overall share count with either a large share repurchase program or market purchases like we've done in the past.
Don Kimble: I would say that this assumes that we have no replacement of the slots going forward. So this is just a run off of the existing book. And so, depending upon where the yield curve moves and how that would reposition, we could see some differences there. And then, also it would assume that we're taking no other actions on balance sheet to minimize or mitigate some of that impact.
Don Kimble: Sure can. Generally our loan portfolio has an average life of about three years and so to just use that as a proxy for, kind of a roll-off that we would have on the portfolio and re-pricing. If you take a look at our C&I and most of our commercial portfolios, they tend to be LIBOR based. I'd say that the spreads on new originations are fairly consistent overall with what the back book would have and not seeing a lot of change in that overall re-pricing for that portfolio.  We have seen a little bit more acceptance of [some floors] that have been placed on the products, and so, that will be helpful for us going forward. But that book has a general rule. It doesn't have a lot of re-pricing or risk from that perspective. If you look at some of the fixed rate portfolios, residential mortgage, it's a fairly new portfolio for us. We are seeing growth there that I think that the current yield on that portfolio on balance sheet is around a [350 or so] as far as residential. Current production is closer to a 3% kind of overall yield for that portfolio. So, a little bit below current average rate, but not significantly different. As far as some of the other consumer categories, whether it's a home equity or Laurel Road student loans or some of the other categories, we're looking at probably about a 80 basis point or so gap between what the existing portfolio is compared to what the legacy book is on that side. For the investment portfolio that – for the core portfolio, excluding the treasury bills that we've been adding as far as some of the excess liquidity position, we're seeing a roll-off of those yields around the 240 and a replacement yield of around a 1%, so about 140 basis points of shift there. Keep in mind too, that, as we highlighted on the deposit side, we're expecting to see our average interest bearing cost of deposits decreased by 6 basis points to 9 basis points in the fourth quarter and we should see some additional opportunities for benefit there going forward as well, and so, probably at a slower pace, but still helping to offset or minimize some of the exposure there.
Don Kimble: We've talked before about how the CECL works, and really there's three drivers to it. One is what's the economic outlook. And so, I would hesitate to try to speculate or guess as to what that will be as of December 31, given the environment that we're in and given how election is right around the corner as well. But that will clearly impact the overall reserve levels. And if I look at between the second quarter and the third quarter assumption sets, what we saw as far as that economic outlook was probably a better near-term performance was actually realized in the September summary than what we would have assumed in the June summary. But longer-term, the recovery rate was a little slower. So, unemployment levels remained a little bit higher in our September 30 [and GDP] level, our recovery was a little slower than what we would have assumed. And so, generally maybe a little bit slight negative as far as the overall impact there. And so, first is economic outlook. Second would be migration of the portfolio that – as we just talked about that our loss models that are used for CECL will assume that the portfolio goes through a specific migration based on the economic outlook. And so, if you perform better or worse in that migration, you would see a need to either increase or decrease the reserves. And then, the third would be the new loan production. And as we highlighted last quarter on the call, normally, for a loan production that would imply a provision expense of $80 million to $100 million a quarter versus the $160 million that we had this quarter. And so, that's elevated compared to what we normally would have expected as far as just matching the loan production. This quarter, what we did do was to actually supplement what our quantitative models would have produced. And so, we added about $100 million between model overlays and also our qualitative assessment to the reserve to bump up the reserves just to make sure that we weren't recognizing too quickly the benefit of that migration and given the economic uncertainty that we're still facing right now. And so, we think that was a prudent thing for us to do and we would have seen a lower level of provision if we had not had done that this quarter.
Don Kimble: Sure, as far as the building reserve, I say it's fairly modest and what we wanted to do was to make sure that we weren't taking credit too early, as far as the better than expected migration and also uncertainty on the overall economic outlook. And so, we felt that was appropriate to do. Last quarter, we were being challenged as to whether or not our reserves were adequate. And we still are a little low compared to peers as far as the reserves. And so that also influenced our assessment as to whether or not we want to show reserve declines this quarter. And so we decided to go in and layer on top of that some additional model overlays, and also qualitative reserves. And so, if you look at our total allowance for credit losses, Mike, it's at 1.88%. And if our average loan life is roughly three years, that would imply charge offs around 60 basis points for some time, and I would say that as we take a look at what our projections would have, we would probably see some continuing [indiscernible] increases through the middle of next year, and that would probably be the peak and then start to trail off again.
Don Kimble: I would say that it would be elevated a little bit from the 49 basis points, and we're talking about 55 to 65 next quarter. Do they go up a little bit from there, yes, but their probably not doubling from here.
Don Kimble: Mark, do you have thoughts on that, as far as, I would say generally that we're seeing a higher percentage in those industries, but I don't know that there is any one section.
Don Kimble: I would say both the revenues and expenses remain elevated, compared to the normal levels, but down slightly from what we have seen in the third quarter. And so, there's a number of different things would drive both the revenue and expenses. And we were seeing some of the activity levels for those areas declined slightly in our outlook.
Don Kimble: Well keep in mind that as we look at our loan portfolio 70% plus is variable. That's different than many of our peers, and so if you look at the swap book that we have, it really is to shift the actual net adjusted position to be more in-line with peers as far as that overall [6 percentage]. I would say, as far as the math, I think we're right around 27 basis points of our margin this quarter, relates to the benefit from interest rate swaps, and so the math probably isn't too far off.  I'd have to go back and recalculate all those numbers to make sure that we're [indiscernible] things there, but that is, if you just look at that one light item would be correct. But keep in mind that we were also seeing a corresponding reduction in our net interest income coming from those commercial loans that are LIBOR based that we use these to hedge that impact. And so, it's difficult to say just looking at that one-line item, what's the impact, but you have to look at the overall balance sheet and the move is on not only the asset side, but the liability side to see that the true impact is going forward.
Chris Gorman: So, Scott, you know, we've talked a lot about relationships, we've talked a lot about targeted scale, and frankly the indirect book was from a quality perspective, it's just fine. From a return perspective, obviously, you can't generate the kind of relationship returns that we would expect because it's a single product. Conversely, as you look at our consumer business, you know, as you well know, two years ago we really didn't have a mortgage business. This year, we’ll originate more than 8 billion. Two years ago, we didn't have a Laurel Road business. This year will generate more than 2 billion, and we have big plans, obviously to continue to grow both of those. So, the premise of your question, do we think we can outrun it in our consumer business? We do, and we think we can do it on a relationship basis, and really use our capital to support our clients or for other things, whether it's stock buybacks or whatever that we think are better use of capital.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. We think the pandemic certainly accelerated some trends that were already there. Just to give you some texture, you know, when we bought First Niagara, we had 1,600 branches. Today, we have 1,077. We've invested heavily in digital. Our digital take up – you know, more than 60% of our customers are now digitally active. And so, we actually think there is a significant opportunity to take a look at the fleet, and we're in the final throwes of planning that, and you – we’ll have more to say on that in January. But in addition to some other things that are fundamental changes, we do think there'll be a change in kind of how we look at the density of our branches. And as you know, we're in some fast-growing areas where we have relatively thin branch footprints and we think we can replicate that and get the mix right of digital and physical in other parts of our franchise.
Chris Gorman: I do. I do. And, you know, continuous improvement, Erika, is part of our culture. Each year, we've taken out sort of 3% to 5% and used that as raw material to invest and we will continue to do that. I think there's some fundamental changes in the way banking is done and I am confident in both the trajectory of our earning streams and also our ability to manage our expenses. You know, we do have kind of a unique situation this quarter and that half of the year-over-year increase is attributable to prepaid cards. I'm not saying that that's completely non-recurring, but I will say that we've invested a bunch of time, energy, people and technology to tamp that down. So, the answer to your question is yes.
Chris Gorman: So, Matt, the real timing is we've now successfully, from a standing start, built the Laurel Road platform and our [mortgage] platform. When we acquired First Niagara in 2016, we really didn't have an engine for consumer loans and it was a good bridge. It being, indirect auto was a good bridge, but we've always stayed pretty true to the notion that we're a relationship bank and we're focused on targeted scale where we can be relevant. And as we look at that portfolio, in conjunction with the returns, it just didn't achieve what we wanted it to do vis-à-vis investing our capital elsewhere. Now, in terms of anything changing in the market, this isn't what drove the decision, but as you know, the automobile market right now is very hot. Our analysts’ thinks that sales at retail next year will be up like 9.5%. The value of used vehicles right now, because of shutdowns due to COVID-19 are up 15% or 20%. That's not what drove the decision, but that is a fundamental macro driver that's out there.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So this is something that we're frankly very excited about. We're building a national digital bank and it's going to be focused on healthcare professionals. And so, we've already obviously built the loan consolidation business, that's all digital. Then in many cases, within six months, something like 50% of those customers that refinance their doctor and dental school loans, buy a home. We've now built a complete digital mortgage application. And where we can take it from there is, on a national basis, to be really focused, Matt, around doctors and dentists in terms of opening accounts, et cetera. And that will open up then the opportunity for us, in the case of dentists most, because they're mostly independent business people as opposed to doctors who are part of large groups. That will give us an avenue to do a lot with them. So, we see Laurel Road as a platform that we've grown a lot. It's been – it's achieved everything we hoped it would and we think there's a lot to do on top of it. And then, one other area where we could potentially focus is expand beyond doctors and dentists, but within healthcare. Healthcare, as you know, is – you know, 18% of the GDP [go into 20, kind of 4 trillion go or 6 trillion go into 8 trillion]. So, that's how we're thinking about it.
Chris Gorman: No. What I would add, it's been a 10-year journey. After the financial crisis, we sat down and evaluated where we lost money, how we lost money, and it – basically it was principally in real estate. It was project-level real estate. It was where we didn't have a deep relationship. In some cases, it was business that was indirect business, third-party business. And we went about the business of de-risking our portfolio and we have been disciplined enough that we have foregone revenues such that we could position ourselves so we have the capital and the ability to support our clients and targeted prospects in an environment like this. The other thing I would just remind everyone of is, of the capital we raised for our customers, Gerard. You know, only 18% of it goes onto our balance sheet, and so, that too is something that I think is unique for us and that we can serve our clients without necessarily putting it on our balance sheet, but it's – you're exactly right, it's been a long journey.
Chris Gorman: Yes, Ken. It’s Chris. Good morning. So there's no question that as we look at our C&I book, the utilization is below where we would have thought it would be right now. It's frankly below the beginning of the COVID-19 crisis. I think there's a few things that can serve as a driver to loan growth on the C&I side. One is an inventory rebuild, and as the economy ramps up – I mean, to state the obvious, as the economy ramps down, these companies throw off a lot of cash; as it ramps up, they consume cash. I think that could give us an opportunity as well. The other thing that is going on, you know, M&A discussions, you know, in the beginning of the second quarter were non-existent. As we look at what are the discussions we're having with our customers day-in and day-out, I think people are really starting – you won't see it in the fourth quarter, but people are really starting to think strategically. Just this week, I met with three clients and they are in areas that you would think that might still be hunkered down and they are really starting to think strategically. So, I think the levers on the C&I book will be transactional, but even before transactional, you know, I'd like to see obviously, some greater utilization. I think those are a couple opportunities.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So as we look forward, I would describe the pipelines as solid. The real variable was our M&A business, which is a strong business, which basically, you know, was non-existent, as I mentioned, kind of in the second quarter. Our backlogs now, Ken, in M&A are equal to what they were going into the crisis, and obviously, a lot of deals went away. So, I find that to be encouraging. As I look at our fees, you know, this quarter, we were about at $146 million. I believe we’ll be up in the fourth quarter. I don't think it'll be at the record, Ken. We've had $200 million quarters before. I don't think we'll be at $200 million, but we'll certainly be somewhere between $146 million and $200 million. The pipelines are solid. The real estate commercial mortgage business is, obviously, in this rate environment, continues to be pretty strong.
Chris Gorman: So, as you know, we've been successful in acquiring niche businesses and I think you can expect us to continue to look at those. I'm really proud of the fact that we've been able to acquire, you know, born digital companies and successfully integrate those investment banking boutiques and integrate those. In terms of whole bank acquisitions, that's not really a focus of ours, Mike. We think we have everything we need to be successful. And we think the right strategy is to execute our strategy to create value for the shareholders.
Chris Gorman: No. Obviously, the mix has changed a bit there's – people aren't traveling, people aren't going to restaurants, but in the third quarter it actually the spend eclipsed that of the third quarter of last year.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you operator. Again, we thank all of you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations Team 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Thank you.
Mark Midkiff: Yes. That [indiscernible] done better than what we would have forecasted on the migration. And the drivers really are the same things you're seeing in the focus areas in the disclosure. So, the consumer business is – so consumer discretionary, consumer services, you know, the oil and gas business, some transportation, so it's really those are the drivers that we see.
Mark Midkiff: Yeah, I'd say the same, and they do continue to come down. And we – also what rolls off of and exits we're seeing really high current rates, you know, sort of 96%, 97% or higher. So, seeing good performance.
Mark Midkiff: One that kind of stands out and the referral rates are, you know, it's been in the kind of 15% range has been very, very low.
