John Pancari: I know you mentioned that you saw a step-up in deposit rates late in the fourth quarter. I wonder if you could give us a little more detail on what products and the magnitude that you saw maybe your -- how you see that falling through. And then, related to that, you also said that higher-than-expected pressure on deposit cost as well, not just a step up, but a greater-than-expected amount of pressure. And just trying to get a feel around what areas surprised you. And why do you think given the outlook around deposit pressures and rates, what was what attributed to the surprise there? Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. Chris, that helps. And then I know you mentioned the need for investment and you're focusing on ratcheting up investments in certain areas. So I want to see if you can give us additional color on what changed there in terms of areas that you're investing in that necessitated the greater pullback in costs elsewhere? Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay, Chris. That helps clarify that. I appreciate it. And that's it for me and best of luck to you, Don.
Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Don. A little bit more just to get your question, John, a little more pressure on the commercial side than the consumer side, which would not be unexpected, we did see, as Don mentioned, a rotation out of noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing. And we saw the ending balance of noninterest-bearing around 29% and that's a little bit of seasonality, and we've seen that come back. That's a ratio kind of high-20s that we would expect through the year, and that's a little bit better than where we've been historically, which we could -- would have been sort of mid-20s. In terms of products and rates, as Don said, CDs coming through, we'd expect the betas for the year to be mid to high 20s, as Don said in his prepared remarks. And again, a little bit more movement to CDs than money markets than we expected, but we've factored that in, and again, that sort of stable, high-20s noninterest-bearing ratio for the year.
Clark Khayat: Yes. The other point I would add is just that it's less for us about new deposit acquisition. We're always going to acquire deposits from new clients and new relationships. But a lot of what we're looking at this year is managing clients from product to product and that just allow us a little bit more flexibility on pricing.
Clark Khayat: Yes. Steve, it's Clark. So, it's -- the mid to high question is sort of mid to high, 27-ish, 28 area for the year on the beta and then the noninterest-bearing percentage is 29% roughly high-20s for the year.
Clark Khayat: Sure. Just to try to address your question directly, Scott. I think really, the majority of the value is going to come in '24. If you think about what's coming off in swaps and treasuries in '23 that number is about $7 billion to $7.5 billion. It's more like $15 billion and $24 billion. So think about that kind of two-thirds, one-third almost ratio. I'd say, of the number we've shared, which is, again, just to remind you, kind of taking all $29 billion of swaps and $9 billion of treasuries and spot pricing them, again, I think you'd see about a third of that benefit in the '23 exit run rate. So, the beginnings of some steepness in that NIM and then more of that pulling through in '24 as you'd see again, the majority of that maybe two-thirds or three quarters of that value starting to come through by the end of '24.
Clark Khayat: Sure. Ken, it's Clark. So, I'll pick that up. Again, for us, what we saw in the fourth quarter and what we're looking at in '23 is much less about new to Key deposits where those kind of new business rates are much higher and necessarily have to be higher to bring them in versus motion in the book of noninterest-bearing, interest-bearing or from different accounts to different account where we can manage that transition a little more comfortably. And given that what we're avoiding, we think, in large part, is the significant marginal cost of funds that the new price or new offer dollar requires in repricing the larger book.
Chris Gorman: John, it's Chris. It's interesting. Customer behavior is really hard to model. We wouldn't have expected that the cumulative beta for the first three quarters would have ever been as low as 9%. And as we got to the end of the year, it really accelerated. A lot of it was on the commercial side. A lot of it were excess deposits in places like our private banking area. So, it's been interesting. This has been the steepest rate of increases in the Fed's history. And I think some of the conventional curves are sort of out the window.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So, it's really a continuation of the investment, John, that we've been making. And the point I was making there was we're not going to cease to invest as we take out costs. And when we were at Investor Day a year ago, we talked about growing our consumers by 20% by 2025 focusing really on our growth markets, and we're having a lot of success with our younger customers, and we're going to continue to focus both products and marketing in that regard. Also, we talked about hiring bankers. We talked about -- we think we have these unique platforms that are under leveraged, and we talked about increasing our banker population by 25% by 2025. Admittedly, last year, we tapered off in the back half of the year. The market was obviously overheated. And also, frankly, we saw the downturn coming in the economy. We think will be -- it will be a very good environment to recruit and successfully bring people onto the platform going forward. And then lastly, it was Laurel Road and the commitment we made around Laurel Road, where we've continued to invest is that we were going to grow our members from 50,000 to 250,000. This year, we successfully grew by 30% and we've made a lot of investments expanding to nurses having a full product line there, buying GradFin, being a leader in public service loan forgiveness and we're also going to get into the income-based forgiveness gain as well. So, those are the three areas. And so, it wasn't really new investments so much. It's a continuation of the investments we've made in critical areas of the business including around things like continuing to migrate to the cloud and investing in digital.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, Ebrahim, thanks for the question. So you started at the right place where we focus. We focus any place where there's leverage. And obviously, if you think about leverage finance, which, by the way, for us is only about 2.5% of our entire loan book, and it's focused in our seven industry verticals, and it has a pretty high turnover. But you're exactly right, where there's leverage and you go into a mild recession and you have declining EBITDA, you have to watch that very closely. We feel good about that portfolio. Nothing has bubbled up to the surface. But as you can imagine, we're modeling it very, very regularly. The next area that you mentioned, which I think is really appropriate is real estate. And real estate is an area that we look at closely. What we've done with our real estate business is we've completely rebuilt it around a business that not -- we not only put real estate loans on our books, but we also distribute a lot of paper. So, it's a little bit of a different business than a lot of our competitors have, Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies, the CMBS market, et cetera. So, we distribute a lot of risk. We're also focused on -- very specifically on certain asset classes. And the certain asset classes that we're focused on, first and foremost, multifamily in its broadest sense but within multifamily on affordable housing. We're watching those closely. So far the rent uptakes are good. Rent -- the rents are still holding firm. So we feel really good about that portfolio. The portfolio that we look at very closely and fortunately we have very little of it. There's actually two portfolios. The first is B and C class office space in central business districts. Right now, we're down to $250 million, but we're watching that very closely because those buildings are multi-tenant buildings. And the reality is whether it's Key cutting expenses and getting rid of occupancy costs or any other business, I think that's a real risk going forward. So, we're watching that closely. The other area where we only have about $1 billion of exposure is in retail. And retail is an area where we keep a close eye. So, that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And as you can imagine, we are continually modeling this portfolio as we look at the delta between where they're borrowing and where their debt rolls over.
Chris Gorman: There hasn't been -- there really hasn't been a lot of movement yet. I think people are still just like in the M&A environment, I think people are in price discovery. Obviously, if you take my example of B and C class office, there's a lot of people that have impaired equity, but I think people are going to have to, frankly, endure some more pain before there's a meeting of the minds on kind of how to restructure, how to bring in fresh equity, et cetera.
Chris Gorman: Ebrahim, the only thing I would add, I agree with everything that Don and Clark said, the thing that I will share with you though, this is sort of uncharted territory. And while we're really pleased with the trajectory of our deposit betas, we're not going to win the deposit beta battle and lose the -- win the beta battle and lose the deposit war because it's very important that we serve our clients and we keep them here at Key.
Chris Gorman: Gerard, we're not assuming that there's going to be any meaningful stock repurchases. As we look at our balance sheet and supporting our clients and we look at our second priority, which is paying our dividend, I just don't see us out there repurchasing a lot of shares based on our current modeling.
Chris Gorman: So, the answer is, Mike, it depends. And when I say it depends, it depends on kind of what the customer strata is. So 50% of our loans are to investment-grade customers. And the adjustments there are immediate. There's a bunch of different inputs, whether people are hedging, putting a swap on, there's multiple people looking at it, et cetera. Where there's a disconnect, and I don't really think the disconnect goes away is in those kind of quality middle-market companies that one bank or one fund can finance. And I don't think we've seen -- not I don't think, we haven't seen the adjustment there that you would expect.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So I think -- look, I think, ultimately, things get repriced and it takes time, whether you're talking about bank debt going into the middle market or you're talking about people doing major strategic acquisitions. My experience is it takes literally over a year for people to kind of readjust their expectations. And so, we're obviously easily six months into this. But I think the first half in capital markets is going to be challenging because people still remember what the business or the financing was worth, say, six or eight or nine months ago. But eventually -- and by the way anyone that's a buyer is acutely aware of how things have been repriced. But those will converge. And I think it's going to be -- I think it will be challenging in the first half of the year, Mike, and I think this big pent-up backlog will start to kind of -- as people go through price discovery, will start to clear out in the second part of -- second half of the year.
Chris Gorman: Peter, the other thing that I would add to that, as you think about the puts and takes on the balance sheet is that in the fourth quarter, for example, we put 24% of the capital that we raised, which was $33 billion on our balance sheet. Historically, that number has been 18%. So, with the dislocation in all the capital markets, we're able to structure things in a manner that we want and put them on our balance sheet. As these capital markets work their way out that won't -- it will basically start deviating back to kind of 18-type percent as opposed to 24%. So that's just a little bit of a different wrinkle that I think is pretty -- as I said, short term over the next half a year or so.
Chris Gorman: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for participating in our conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. And I just want to thank everybody for your interest in Key. And on that note, we will hang up. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Well, sure. As far as how we're managing it right now, our assumption set is basically that we would just continue at this point in time to replace roll-off of swaps that we have that we're continuing to evaluate that. I think the challenge that we all have is just with this inverted yield curve is when do you pull the trigger to start to lock in some of that rollover risk and outlook. And so, right now, we've not embedded any of that into our base assumptions, but it's something that we'll continue to have as optionality to take care of that in the future.
Don Kimble: Steve, this is Don. And as far as the outlook, the period-end balances sometimes can be a little misleading. So, if you just look -- take a look at the fourth quarter average for total loans at $117.5 billion, our midpoint of our guidance range is in the $120 million range, and all of that really is coming from commercial. And so with this change in our economic outlook that also influenced or determine what our allowance was, we've also pulled back on some of the loan growth outlook. You also see, Steve, that our consumer loan balances are flat throughout next year. And what our expectation is there is that we'll continue to have residential mortgage originations that we'll continue to see some of the home equity balances trade down and relatively flat on other consumer categories. And so it is very modest incremental growth from here, but we think it's appropriate given the backdrop of the economic outlook we have.
Don Kimble: One of the biggest things that Chris talked about were the larger moves were this GDP coming down and also the home price index. And so what you would have seen is the residential real estate backed credits having a larger increase than some of the others. You also factor in the position that our delinquency levels in our criticized and classified levels are still very benign. And I think that's why you're not seeing some of those other higher risk categories showing increased reserves because we're not seeing the migration of those portfolios at this point in time.
Don Kimble: Gerard, as far as the funding, what we've seen is that the loan growth throughout the second half of the year especially exceeded deposit growth. And so we were using FHLB and some other issuances to help address the funding needs. I would say that our loan growth outlook and our deposit outlook wouldn't suggest the continuation at the same pace as far as building that other funding sources. And so we wouldn't expect to see that same type of growth rate going forward. But near term, we're fine with that. But I would say, traditionally, we would look at a loan-to-deposit ratio in the 90% to 95% range and we're still well below that. And so, we've got plenty of capacity to continue to leverage that funding source as needed.
Don Kimble: Yes. I'd say the biggest impact there is the movement in the two-year end of the curve. And what we saw was the longer end rates moved a lot more significantly than two-year point.
Don Kimble: The only other thing I would add, Ken, is that right now, we're at 19% cumulative. I think most of our peers are close to 30%. And so by them going to 40%, it's the same thing as us going to high-20s. So the incremental change from this point forward is probably fairly consistent. It's just that we're at a better starting point than peers.
Don Kimble: As far as a cumulative, probably not because you'd only got a 50 basis-point increase going forward as far as rates in 2023, but we can go back and reverse engineer the math, but I think it still lines up.
Don Kimble: Yes. Matt, as far as the $1.1 billion, it's really a two to three year into the curve, and that's where we would be looking to extend those swaps when we're in a position to do that. And so it is in that portion of the yield curve. Beyond that we also have a little over $1 billion a quarter and roll over our bond portfolio. And we tend to look at somewhere around the five-year end of the curve there. We tend to do more CMO structures and shorter pass-through like 15-year type pass-through assets as far as our normal investment strategy there.
Don Kimble: Sure. The largest decline for us will be in the deposit service charges category. We mentioned that this quarter was the first full quarter of the implementation of NSF/OD fee. There's about another $70 million impact in '23 compared to '22 for that. And our outlook right now also would suggest that we think that our corporate services income will be down year-over-year just because we've had such a strong program this year as far as derivatives, interest rate swaps and what have you for customers. And we think that with less rate volatility, we'll see less opportunity there for that category. That's the blended impact as to how we get to that down 1% to 3%.
Don Kimble: We – typically we target between 90% and 95%. It's been a long time since we've been up at that level, but that's where we think our balance sheet is still very efficient and access to the capital markets for that national funding source is available and supports that. The second part of the question was -- I apologize, Peter, remind me.
Don Kimble: I apologize. What we've talked about a lot is that we've got that $9 billion of short-term treasuries that start to mature later in '23 and throughout '24. That can be a very good source of liquidity for us. And we're really indifferent whether that replaces funding or whether we roll that over into new securities. But if you look at the rest of the portfolio, it's about $40 billion and we think that's a good core size. We can let run off there, fund some of the liquidity needs on a short-term basis, but that's longer term, we think that that's probably a good relative size for the portfolio given our overall liquidity management position.
Ken Usdin: Okay, cool. And then, so just -- I guess, the comparison question that I think continues to come up is just that many peers are talking mid-30s, even low-40s in some of the calls that we've heard so far. So can you just kind of go one step deeper into the type of pricing assumptions and I guess within products and businesses that just gives you that much better relative confidence to peers? Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Yes. That makes sense. It does seem like though to get to that point, your incremental interest-bearing deposit costs have to be -- the betas have to be lower than the 33% in the fourth quarter to square to that.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Just one quick one. Laurel Road origination outlook, can you give us your updated thoughts there? Thanks guys.
