Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning. And welcome to KeyCorp's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me for the call is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, our newly appointed President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement and forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of our call. I'm now moving to Slide 3. And before I review our quarterly results, I want to comment on our leadership transition that we announced last month. In keeping with our thorough and robust succession planning process developed by our Board of Directors, I announced my upcoming retirement effective May 1st of next year and Chris Gorman was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. Chris will succeed me as Chairman and CEO next May. And I will have opportunities to speak with you over the next several quarters. But I just want to say that my time at Key has represented some of my most rewarding years of my 40 years in banking. I’m proud at what this team has accomplished as we have transformed this company, our culture, our strategy and our performance. And importantly, I will remain fully engaged over the next seven months and I’m committed to working with Chris for a seamless leadership transition. I look forward to Key’s continued success under Chris with our diverse and talented leadership team and I have a very confidence in our future success. Now moving on to the results we reported this morning. My remarks will adjust for our previously reported fraud loss and notable items in prior periods. So let me start with a few headlines. Earnings per share grew 7% from the year ago period and 9% from the second quarter. We reached the top end of our targeted cash efficiency ratio range of 54% to 56% with a reported 56% which is our lowest level in over a decade. We delivered another quarter of positive operating leverage, driven by both revenue growth and a 3% sequential quarter decline in expenses. And we saw solid balance sheet growth and strong fee income with a record third quarter for investment banking and debt placement fees. On the revenue side, we saw good momentum across our company. We grew both loans and deposits 4% from the prior year, driven by activity in both our commercial and consumer businesses. We generated another quarter of strong broad based growth in commercial and industrial loans and saw higher consumer loan balances driven by Laurel Road and strength in our consumer mortgage lending. Non-interest income was up 7% from the year ago period benefiting from strong investment banking and debt placement fees, as well as growth in corporate services and consumer mortgage income. As I said, non-interest expense was down 3% from the year ago period and reflects the successful execution of our cost initiatives, as well as our ongoing commitment to continuous improvement. And I would remind you that our expense levels relative to the prior year include the addition of our Laurel Road acquisition earlier this year. Importantly, although we are focused on bringing expenses down, we continue to invest a portion of our cost savings back into the business to drive future growth. And we continue to manage the company with a long-term perspective by taking action to position us to perform through the business cycle. This includes maintaining our disciplined credit writing - underwriting and our risk profile. We also continue to manage capital, consistent with our stated capital priorities including returning a significant portion of our earnings back to our shareholders. In the third quarter, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 9% to $18.50 per share and continue to repurchase shares. Before I turn the call over to Don, let me just say that this was a good quarter for Key and clearly demonstrates the strength and resiliency of our business model. We saw topline growth in loans, deposits, and fees and paired this with strong expense control. This drove our cash efficiency ratio to 56%, hitting our targeted range this quarter. Clearly there are some headwinds with lower interest rates and a sign of a slowing economy, and although our clients have turned more cautious, we continue to see good engagement and solid pipelines. Our business model and the interest rate hedging also positions us well as we move through the different business cycles and rate environments. And expense management also remains a priority as we continue to identify opportunities to further improve efficiency. We remain committed to reaching our long-term targets, maintaining our moderate risk profile and ultimately delivering results for our shareholders. With that, I will close and turn the call over to Don.
Beth Mooney: Good morning Mike I’ll start with - as you know Chris has been with our company since the last 1990s. He’s plan our Corporate Bank and very successfully developed that strategy on our behalf to include the what I call a distinctive corporate investment banking capability was the head of our merger and the last couple of years, he’s been our President - Vice Chairman and President of Banking. We also have at Key what I think it's a great and talented and very diverse team with good momentum. As of May 1 next year, I’ve been with the company 14 years and I will have been our CEO for 9 years. So I think there is value in knowing when it's an appropriate time to work on an orderly succession. And as we said in our comments, I will be our Chairman and CEO till May 1, at which time I will retire. And no, I will not have ongoing responsibilities at Key, I will fully retire, and at that time Chris will become our Chairman and CEO. And as I've said, I'm excited and fully confident in the team in the future under Chri’s leadership. And I too have chapters to write and things to do and I think this is an example of what a well orchestrated and appropriate succession looks like.
Beth Mooney: So, Marty I’d be delighted to. As I said, I think there is a lot of value and thinking as much about when and how is the right time to build succession and step down from a role like CEO and Chairman, as there is in the energy you put into it when you first get the opportunity. And I believe that with nine years in Chair, as our CEO, as of May 1st, if you recall I've been a two-term President. And I will be 65 years old next year and I believe that remaining our Chairman and CEO till May 1st is the appropriate thing to do. Chris and I, as he has indicated and I've said earlier are very much working on a seamless transition and we've obviously worked together for many, many years. The team is solid, mature, well seasoned. The company has a lot of good momentum and this is the appropriate time for the company, the appropriate time for me and there’s always chapters to write. And I look forward to the things that I can do civically in my continued professional commitments as well as having a little more time for family, friends and travel. And after May 1st, again from a thorough discussions with our board as we went through this succession process planning, believe the appropriate thing to do is that Chris will become our Chairman and CEO and that was done with much consideration with our board about what is the right leadership structure for Key, and yes, I will fully retire as of May 1st.
Beth Mooney: Well, Marty I appreciate that. As I had said in my opening remarks, this has been a absolute privilege of my career. And I appreciate your comments that I think the ultimate test as you leave it better than perhaps you found it.
Beth Mooney: You’re absolutely right as far as going forward the new volume coming on the books will clearly have a higher reserve than we did historically under the over incurred loss method. And we’ll provide more clarity on that as we get into the first quarter outlook at the end of our fourth quarter call. I don't know I'd - can hold a $20 million placeholder yet but that will provide some more color. But you're absolutely right. The initial provision required for a new loan origination is higher under CECL for consumers than it is under the incurred loss method.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. And if you have any follow up questions you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks and thank you again for your time this morning,
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the third quarter what you're seeing in the reported tax rate is the impact of the fraud loss, and so that really is reported on an incremental basis. So if you would adjust for that our effective tax rate was a little north of 16%. We would expect the same type of range for the fourth quarter which reflects the benefit of credits that are available to us and also the impact of the updated outlook for pretax earnings as well.
Don Kimble: Yes. Long term we clearly want to operate within that range. We think that's appropriate given our business mix that we have here at Key. And it’s something that we feel is an indication of us being able to manage our overall cost structure efficiently and effectively. As far as, next year we’re still expecting to manage for the full year in that range. Now you could see quarters we’re like the first quarter of each year tends to be a little bit higher than through the rest of the year. But that would be our objective as well going forward.
Don Kimble: Yeah. Sure. We would probably define it as stronger than a 20% beta because that rate decline doesn't occur till late in October, and so the average throughout the quarter would suggest something probably in the 30% beta. Longer term we would to see that in the 40% to 45% range as far as reaction to rates. You’re absolutely right; we are seeing competitive pressures, especially consumer side that is resulting in some of those deposits rates being a little stickier than what we would've expected initially. We still think there’s plenty of opportunity for us to manage that down and to be in that 40% to 45% beta to allow us to have more stability in the margin prospectively.
Don Kimble: Yeah. Sure. We’ll provide additional disclosure in our Q. But what we have talked about is that for commercial loans, we really don't see an increase from the incurred loss method to CECL. And on the economic outlook you could actually see a slight decline in commercial. Now offsetting that on the consumer side that we would expect the CECL reserve to probably be about three times the level that we’re seeing on the incurred loss method. And that really reflects more of a life of loan type of loss expectation as opposed to today. You probably have about a year and a half or so of charge-offs included in the consumer categories. And so luckily for us our reserves are only about 15% consumer and about 85% commercial. So the relative impact us should be fairly modest compared to some of the early indications we’ve seen from some of the other companies.
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as the change in the NPLs and the inflows, we did have three commercial credits that moved into non-performing status this quarter. They were criticized loans before and the status was changed from accruing to non-accruing. And those three loans totaled $100 million, and so that was isolated those individual credits. As we’ve said before you can have episodic type of issues or things that pop up that we believe are temporary. In connection with our nonperforming loans we also - as we mentioned transferred a pool of assets, which included some commercial and some residential real estate to held for sale, which on the process of sale we expect to close quickly and bring that level down. As far as the charge-offs, they came in at 31 basis point this quarter, I think they were 28 or 29 basis points last quarter. I think you will see some variability in that range but I think in the low 30 basis point range is probably a good outlook going forward and reflects a very stable and a very stable and a very strong credit quality overall. As far as criticized and classified, I’d say they're relatively stable and maybe even down a little bit linked quarter. But very, very stable as far as the overall credit quality from that perspective.
Don Kimble: Yeah. We’re always going to have a continuous improvement mindset. And what we would typically target would be to keep expenses relatively stable and allow us with that to make investments back in the business to grow the top line. We’re very focused on driving positive operating leverage and we continue to expect to deliver that this year and we'll expect to do that again next year as well. And so these continues improvement opportunities allow us to manage our expenses more efficiently, more effectively and it includes ongoing efforts like workflow redesign, branch consolidations and other things like that that we just think are part of our ongoing business model and it’s going to be critical for us to continue those efforts to make sure that we have the capacity to reinvest back in the business.
Don Kimble: We’ll provide more guidance in January as far as the tax rate outlook. I think that there's a number of factors that influence that one is the level of credits that are available to us that we continue to be a active participant. Some of the alternative energy sources which allows us to realize some tax credits associated with that. And so part of our outlook will be determined based on what we see as the market for those credits, but also the impact of the overall pre-tax earnings going forward. And so we'll provide more outlook there. But I’d say that you’ll probably see some increase compared to the current year because of some of the noise that are in this year's numbers.
Don Kimble: Sure. And I think you've already hit on one of the surprise. I think that our expenses did come in lower than what The street was expecting for us this quarter and it really serves the foundation for us going forward. And so we would expect to, as I said be in a position so we can continue to manage that expense level to be relatively stable and continue to grow revenues. And so that's the critical part for us. And I think as we do that, we should be able to continue to manage that efficiency ratio into the range for us over time here.
Don Kimble: Sure. We did add $2.4 billion of primarily floors this past quarter. And so as you highlighted that we’ve seen a lot of investments made there since the third quarter of last year. We’ve got about $3 billion worth of floors starting swaps that most of which will kick in here for us in the fourth quarter. And just to put that in perspective, we're going to have a received fixed-rate of upper 2% to 90 range as opposed to. Today it would be a much lower resulting, a starting point for that received fixed-rate. As far as the floors, it really provides this protection within a plus or minus 100 basis points range as far as the current flows. And so we did see some benefit in the third quarter from those floors and it's more provided as far as a additional protection for us in case rates do go down further than what we would expect. And so we’re using that more as a protection as opposed to a revenue source for us.
Don Kimble: We would like to continue to increase our derivatives offset some of the interest rate risk that we still have in the portfolio. So I think that when we've talked about $2.4 billion of new floors this quarter, we would expect to see that kind of similar pace going forward combination of floors and swaps. And the determination as to whether we would do the swaps or floors would be based on how does the forward curve compare with our internal assessment as to where rates are going. And so we think it's important to continue to position us to be even more interest rates neutral and we'll continue down that path.
Don Kimble: I would say that our efforts continue to be focused on a culture around continuous improvement, and so, we believe that there're ongoing opportunities for us to right size some of the workflows we have to throughout the organization. And as we've talked before in the past, we would expect to continue to see our branch count come down, and we've said it's 2% to 3%. And each one of those could have some impact on staffing, but the staffing numbers themselves aren't as critical to us as the efficiencies we gain. And we think there's other ways that we can leverage third-party vendors and leverage some of the technology spend that we make that will help drive some of those efficiencies that won't be as FTE dependent as was what we've experienced over the last year
Don Kimble: That’s our expectation at this point time. I'd say that, what the slide would basically say as, we're neutral to the forward curve, and so if there are variances to that for curve, it could have an impact on near term rates. But that's our whole objective, as far as managing to more of an interest rate neutral position as to have as much stability as we can in that net interest margin and help drive the revenue growth from there.
Don Kimble: I think, there were some situations this quarter that were unique, that on the consumer front we continue to see rates go up in July and even in the August, the consumer side and some of that was from promos that were in place and other things like that. I would say, going forward, we wouldn’t expect to see the same type of delay. We were a little surprised to be honest, though, that we thought that the markets would move down quicker than what they did and they didn't. But as I mentioned, for example, in the promos, we’ve got about $2 billion each quarter of money market deposits that are at a promo rate that will roll off. And so, that will also help accelerate some of the deposit betas on the retail side that we wouldn’t have available to us on a quote.
Don Kimble: So, as we look forward, as I mentioned, I think Mike, for a bank our size to try to be all things to all people is not the strategy, the strategy for us has always been to figure out who we can be relevant to and make the appropriate investments, whether it’s people, processes, technologies. And if you think about the investments we've made, things like HelloWallet, which is digital wellness, things like Laurel Road, things like Bolster, which is in the commercial side. We think with proper focus, we have all the capabilities that we need and bandwidth that we need to make investment continue to grow the business.
Don Kimble: Very well. I’ll try to hit all those topics and if I've missed some, please help provide some more guidance.
Don Kimble: That’s great. And on the consumer front, as we were going through rates moving up, consumer portfolio lagged and lagged significantly, and the deposit betas, they were extremely low. And so it may have been false hope or expectations on my part to see a faster reduction as far as the initial reaction on some of the consumer rates. But we do think they will come down over time and we will see the market to move down. And I think we're seeing that this quarter with a lot of the banks showing pressure as far as deposit rates and very few having deposit betas on the way down that probably would've been expected or anticipated. So we believe we will see that come true. As we mentioned before, at the end of September, we were seeing some of the rates come down and seeing some of the actions put in place. It probably just curdled a little slower than what we would’ve expected. On the commercial side, the commercial deposits as a general have more deposits that are indexed to the changes in interest rates. So for us, that tends to be more indexed to Fed funds as opposed to LIBOR. And this quarter, LIBOR impacted the loans and it was a much bigger decline than what the Fed funds rate declines occurred and therefore impacted our cost of funds, and so as those things stabilized, we should see even further reductions on the commercial side. One of the things we try to manage all as it they were flushed with the liquidity right now. We’ve had an internal target of having an LCR ratio somewhere around 110%. This last quarter, we need up north of 145%, and so we have a lot of excess liquidity, and we would hope to try to manage that and manage some of the rates down more in a leading position that would allow us to recapture some of that deposit beta that we missed out here in the third quarter.
Don Kimble: We feel good about the actions we're taking, and we feel good about achieving that in the fourth quarter. Correct.
Don Kimble: What we talked about as far as the acquisition was about a $20 million per quarter run rate as far as expenses. And the current expense levels are just a little bit less than that because of some of the efficiencies we’ve already been able to achieve with the integration there. We haven’t disclosed revenues per se, but I would say we're off to a very strong start. That third quarter, we had over $400 million of originations and - excuse me, in the second quarter, we had over $400 million and third quarter, we had over $500 million of originations. And to put that into perspective, we just talked about $1.2 billion would be in our target for a full year's worth of originations. And so in those first two quarters we had over $900 million and so we're off to a very good start there, very pleased with the credit quality of the originations. FICO scores north of 770 and a strong income and very focused on advanced degree medical profession. And so we’re very excited about that and look forward to be a strong growth engine for us. One of other pieces we talked about for Laurel Road though too is it that some of the tools and capabilities and the ability to understand how to digitally originate new business and relationships is something that we're really just now starting to lever throughout the entire Key franchise. And we think that will be a huge benefit for us that we haven't even started to realize yet at this point.
Don Kimble: Marty as far as the $123 million, it was a fraud loss, and as we noted briefly that the fraud loss came through because of the fraud resulted in a net overdraft position of several of the operating accounts from this entity. And as a result of those being considered overdraft the reporting requirements would say that that should be treated as a charge-off, and so we really consider this to be a true fraud loss and not reflective of a lending relationship. There were no loans outstanding to that entity that resulted in this fraud.
Don Kimble: Well, essentially the difference between the cash efficiency and the GAAP is the impact of intangible amortization. And so, going for the intangible amortization should continue to decline and so that gap should narrow.
Don Kimble: We will see a clear benefit from the hedging occur in the fourth quarter. Our outlook is for a stable net interest margin and so we would expect that to occur that - I think, that a good portion of that is from the deposit repricing and the benefit of the hedging, but we'll also see a little bit of benefit in that. Our look says that we'll have low single-digit growth in loans and relatively stable deposits. And so, we should see that liquidity level in the fourth quarter come down just a little bit, which will also provide some reinforcement there as well.
Don Kimble: Scott, we didn’t have any security gains during the quarter. We did have a gain from the sale of some - an investment in a partnership we participated in, but I'm - I apologize, I don’t know where you're picking up the $15 million in security gains with all that.
Don Kimble: Good. We’ll go through that, I apologize. But that probably includes the gain there along with the gain on the securitization transaction we had from the sale of some of the Laurel Road loans but we'll follow up with you on that as well.
Don Kimble: I would say that the $650 million is core and our guidance would be based or included to that, there from the reference for the $650 million, so we expect to see growth from there going forward.
Chris Gorman: John. Its Chris. Good morning. Our loan growth this quarter was as a result of our continued focus and strength of our commercial businesses. What is differentiated now for Key vis-à-vis the past are the new engines that we have on the consumer side and as you’ve heard Don talk about the growth we have in mortgage and also now we have Laurel Road. So those will be opportunities for us to kick-in loan growth as we go forward. We anticipate on the commercial side, utilization being relatively flat. We have seen - as both Beth and Don mentioned our customers are cautious. But having said that, we’re still out there talking to our customers, serving our customers, the pipelines remains strong, but I think clearly there are some challenges out there.
Chris Gorman: So, Steve, its Chris. Our fourth quarter pipeline is, I would characterize as strong. So sometimes there is a correlation as you look at what's held for sale and what's not. That depends a lot on mix. As we look at our pipeline, I would characterize our pipeline is strong going into the fourth quarter from investment banking and debt placement fees.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, you're right Gerard. We've been very pleased with Laurel Road. First thing we wanted to do is sort of run the place that they had, which was really a complete digital approach to the refinancing of loans principally for doctors and dentists. And as you saw in this quarter we originated about $0.5 billion in loans. The next phase of that is going to be our ability to similarly provide mortgage. So as you can imagine we have in a digital format all the information we need for sort of Phase II which is to provide a digital mortgage to those customers, and further we can leverage Gerard that technology and that approach across all of Key. And then lastly what it would give us the opportunity to do at some point would be create an infinite a strategy around a targeted segment which is obviously consistent with how we go to market.
Chris Gorman: Mike, the only thing I would add to that is, it's obviously an honor and a privilege to lead what I think is just a great team. I think we have a really, really good and defined strategy that we laid out at Investor day, last October. The whole notion of targeted scale, how a company of our size can be really effective, when we target who we want to be relevant to and how we want to be relevant? As it relates to the transition, Beth and I work very, very closely together. And I am confident it will be an absolutely seamless transition. And as we go forward, while we have our strategy in place, the reality is our industry is changing and changing quickly. And I think we as a team, that can stay out ahead of it and position us for continued success.
