Donald R. Kimble: Our plan anticipated starting the share buybacks here in this quarter. So, it would be shortly after the transaction work was closed on August 1.
Donald R. Kimble: The plan would have anticipated a relatively stable level of share buybacks each quarter for the rest of the year.
Donald R. Kimble: Good. You're absolutely right. Throughout the third quarter, we would be using some of that excess liquidity to take care of the acquisition of First Niagara and also provide for the impact of the divestiture. Purchase accounting adjustments will be determined throughout this next quarter; so that will impact the consolidated margin. But, we would expect to see our liquidity levels return to more of a normal level, which would be previous quarter as far as the overall impact. And so, we should see a benefit from that prospectively.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. As far as the cost savings, we had shared an original target of $400 million and we've been talking about since that deal was announced that we are expecting and setting an internal target in excess of that $400 million. And over the last several months, we've gained even greater confidence in our ability to achieve that internal target. And so, we are very focused on driving to that level; and again, have greater confidence to be able to achieve that. We're also even more excited about the revenue synergies; and as we've met with some of the bankers from the First Niagara system and see their excitement about a number of the product capabilities and offerings that we would be able to provide; again gives us additional confidence in our ability to achieve that kind of $300 million incremental revenues from revenue synergies. And as we've said before, that won't be immediate, it will take some time to build that out, but we have greater confidence in our ability to achieve that as well.
Donald R. Kimble: Really, the biggest variable there is our investment banking debt placement fees. And if we look at our current pipeline, we're seeing some strength there that we haven't had in the first two quarters and gives us greater confidence, we'll be able to grow that beyond the first half of this year and get some growth compared to the prior-year as well.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as our commercial loan growth, it was again led by our corporate bank, but we also had some strong growth in our community bank as far as the commercial lending as well. And so, we're seeing both parts of the franchise contribute. We're not seeing it over-weighted in any industry, and we're not seeing it over-weighted by any geography. So, it's been fairly consistent throughout the overall market. Our guidance is for mid-single-digit loan growth overall and it being – continue to be led by commercial. And so, we would expect to see ongoing strength in the commercial category.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, the biggest impact there is really some growth we've seen in some of our consumer retail CD growth rates. And so, you're seeing that go from what was a portfolio that was shrinking to a portfolio that's been growing. We do believe that having a strong retail core funded bank is important for us, but we'll continue to reassess programs going forward in that area.
Donald R. Kimble: Yeah, Matt, as far as the net interest income and margin, there's a couple of factors that impacted it outside the liquidity. So, as we've talked before, seven basis points is related to the increased liquidity level, which really didn't drive any net interest income from it. And so, that was purely a balance sheet component. The rest of it, about five basis points. Typically in the second quarter, we would see an increase in loan fees; and this quarter, we actually saw it decline. And so, that swing from what our original expectations would have been to what we actually realized, cost us about three basis points or about $5 million in the quarter compared to what we would have expected going into the quarter. And then beyond that, we had two other components that impacted it. One was the full quarter impact of the non-accrual loans related to the oil and gas, and then the third piece really was the reinvestment in our investment portfolio, that the securities that we were buying had an average yield of about 1.9% compared to say 20 basis points or 30 basis points higher than that. That would have been our expectation, and that probably cost us an additional basis point during the quarter. And so, those are the primary factors. As far as the growth going forward, well, we're not counting on recouping the loan fees that we didn't realize in the current quarter. We would expect to see some normal trends as far as seasonal activity and continued strong loan growth that we had been able to produce so far this year.
Donald R. Kimble: Yeah, I would suggest that we'll see some cost saves occur post the conversion, which we talked about being in the fourth quarter, but the majority of those cost saves would be phased in throughout 2017, so that in the second half of the year, we'd have the majority of those cost saves in place and should be at a full run rate by the end of the year.
Donald R. Kimble: No, I would agree, Beth. And the only thing I would add is that part of the difference between our external target of $400 million and our internal target, a large portion of that is related to this third-party vendor cost that Beth had talked about. And believe that should be a true savings for us.
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, as far as the $30 million of amortization, we're assuming it is on an accelerated basis and that's the first five month impact from that only, and so it will be incremental expense. And to your point that will be a drag on the initial earnings compared to what we would expect after the benefit of the realization of the cost saves. And so, that was one piece that we wanted to make sure we made clear.
Donald R. Kimble: Again, on that item, you're right. The majority of the increase really related to that. We had a $7 million or $8 million increase in other expense associated with what I would consider to be grossing up the revenue and expenses associated with certain partnerships we have in Lightec (30:44) investments that was highly unusual. And we would expect a normal recurring level to be in the $1 million to $2 million a quarter, as opposed to $7 million to $8 million. And so, that did inflate that expense category and is why we're showing a significant increase there.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, we do have that risk. Our outlook right now would suggest that there is an exposure for that maybe in the fourth quarter, as opposed to the third quarter right now. But, one of the other benefits we expect is that when we can merge the two pension plans from First Niagara and from Key that would minimize that risk prospectively. And so, we never want to say one and done, but hopefully this would be a period where we might have an expense and see that not recur in the future periods.
Donald R. Kimble: Nothing underneath the surface. You're right that we did see some migration out of the reserve for unfunded loans into the allowance. And those two kind of worked hand-in-hand as far as loans would fund up that were previously commitments. You might see a transfer from the unfunded loan commitment over to the overall allowance. And I would also say that our judgmental portion of the reserve also increased this quarter; and so, we feel very comfortable with the level of reserve we have and do believe that prospectively the provision will slightly exceed the net charge-offs to make sure we continue to provide for loan growth.
Donald R. Kimble: That's correct. We had talked before about a one-time charge of $550 million for merger-related costs. And we do believe that a significant portion of those will be in the second half of this year.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the $400 million, the largest piece that we did disclose was about 40% of that was related to third-party vendors, or $160 million. What we'd also talked about was that we expected to see significant opportunities from branch consolidations, and as we announced here earlier this month that we expected to consolidate approximately 70 branches of First Niagara and a little over 30 branches of Key. And so that is about 25% incremental consolidation related to that, and so that will also drive a significant portion. But beyond that, we really haven't provided a lot of color as far as how much is personnel related. I would say that with our discussions here, an announcement as far as the New York staffing plans that I don't know that's changed what our initial plans have been significantly. Again that we're looking for a lot of opportunity from those third-party vendor saves. And it's just an issue as to where the work is being performed as opposed to whether or not it's changed the overall plan.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, what we had talked about is our internal target is higher than the $400 million, and a big portion of that increase is related to the third-party vendor as opposed to other categories.
Donald R. Kimble: Margin should benefit from lower liquidity levels. Now at the same time, we're going to be adding First Niagara on top of our balance sheet and margin impact. There will be some noise that we'll have to walk you through next quarter as to how they all combine and what the impact is, but we should see a benefit to margin, not a huge change from net interest income, but a benefit to margin as those liquidity levels return to more normal levels.
Donald R. Kimble: Yeah. One, the loans held-for-sale also were impacted by the fact that it was a lower level of loans held-for-sale during the quarter than what we had in the previous quarter; and so that was a bigger driver. The trading account dropped by about $1 million as far as the net interest income, and that really wasn't a huge driver to the overall net interest income, but there was a different mix of those assets than in this first quarter than what we have in the second quarter. But the biggest driver there, Marty, really, is if you look at the next line below that which is our short-term investments, and it's up to $5.6 billion and that's primarily our account at the Fed, and that's up by $2.1 billion from the previous quarter and up by $2.3 billion over the previous year. And that $2 billion-plus equated to a seven basis point reduction in our margin, and so it's just the ballooning up of the balance sheet related to that.
Donald R. Kimble: A couple of things there. You're right that we did raise some debt, and that will help with the funding of the First Niagara acquisition. That was anticipated as part of the cost of First Niagara, and so we did expect that to be incurred and are positioned for that. And then we're also glad to start our share buyback program again, and that will be helpful to our earnings per share and to continue to support our shareholders from that perspective.
Donald R. Kimble: Yeah, that – for both those ratios, it's the incremental benefit from the First Niagara transaction compared to Key on a standalone basis. And so, it would be compared to where our projections would show us on a standalone basis versus where we would be with First Niagara. Now what we had talked about before was that if rates did not improve, Key on a standalone basis for the efficiency ratio would drive down to the low 60%s. And with the impact of First Niagara, it would be in the high 50%s. And so that again is without interest rates, if interest rates did come through, it would again have additional benefit beyond that.
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't disclosed what our targeted levels are there. So, our ROTCE is right now on that 9% level. And so, we would hope to continue to build that prospectively and showing an incremental benefit from the First Niagara transaction of that 200 basis point range that we talked about.
Donald R. Kimble: Let us go ahead and reflect on that and see what kind of additional detail we can provide. I think we did provide more detail as it relates to the efficiency ratio, but part of that return on tangible common equity too will be impacted by some of the mark-to-market on the balance sheet and other purchase accounting adjustments. And we want to make sure we can clarify what component relates to each of those pieces. Let us do that for you, Mike, and then we'll get back to you.
Donald R. Kimble: A big chunk of that really was coming from some of our escrow deposits that we have with our commercial servicing business and also some other escrow-related deposits we'd have for other commercial clients. Some of that is seasonal related, as you would see some of the real estate taxes and other things that would be build up throughout the first half of the year and paid down. And so, we would expect to see some of those go down. But we also had several situations where there'd be prepayments in the commercial mortgage servicing area that had cash idle for weeks at a time and that resulted in some over – or outsized increases in those deposit balances. As far as our commercial customers, we're still seeing and hearing from them that they continue to be fairly cautious. And so, we believe they continue to park liquidity with the expectation that they will be using that at some point in time, but really not in a mode to significantly change their overall position as far as investment. So, we are seeing a little bit of additional build there as well.
Donald R. Kimble: What we had talked before – at the time of the acquisition is that First Niagara has about $3.5 billion worth of credit-oriented securities in a different asset classes. And First Niagara has not been required to maintain the LCR compliance. And so, in order to make sure that they are LCR compliant, as part of Key, our plans are to shift out that $3.5 billion of credit-oriented securities and have their investment portfolio look more like legacy Key. And so, that process would take place throughout the third quarter. And we believe that we'd be in good position at that point in time. As far as Key, that we have been continuing to reassess our overall strategy as far as the duration of the portfolio, given these low rates and the timing of certain purchases. But the composition and nature of that portfolio really hasn't changed over the last couple of quarters.
Donald R. Kimble: The only change we really have there is that the second quarter's fee income reflected a lower level of capital markets related to revenue than what we would have expected coming into the quarter. And as a result of that and the year-to-date results, we've adjusted the outlook to reflect that. That if you look at the second half of this year's outlook for Key, we would say that it's very consistent with what we initially assumed and this is more just to reflect the impact of the actual results today.
Donald R. Kimble: I would say where we saw some weakness compared to normal expected periods would be merger and acquisition advisory revenues and also IPO levels were weaker, especially earlier in the second quarter, and so we did see some reductions in that space compared to what our expectations would have had coming into the quarter.
Donald R. Kimble: That's correct. It was in the other income category. And so, we did see other income impacted for that $7 million or $8 million and other expense impacted by the same dollar amount.
John Pancari: Just wondering, if I can get some color on the C&I growth in the quarter came in particularly solid and wanted to see where you're seeing the bulk of the growth. Is it larger corporate versus mid-market? And then also what your outlook is there? Should it stay at this relatively robust level? Thanks.
John Pancari: And related to that, any areas that are getting overheated or that you're intentionally backing away from, just given the competitive pressures? We're hearing a lot about CRE at some of your competitors. Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. Then one last question if I could. Your deposit pricing, it seems to have edged up a little bit over the past couple of quarters. Just wanted to get how you're thinking about that. Is there anything else that's influencing it and could it continue? Thanks.
Beth Elaine Mooney: Yeah, Scott. This is Beth. And I will tell you that it is consistent with the way we have been planning for both our internal targets as well as you've heard us discuss our confidence about being able to meet the cost synergies. Some piece of how we have structured bringing these two companies together is around the notion that we can leverage what is an attractive well-skilled low cost work force in Buffalo and in Western New York. So, we are looking at – we indicated in-sourcing some functions or work that is done elsewhere, not necessarily just within First Niagara, but within broader KeyCorp. And that that work could be moved to Buffalo and utilized, as I said, that attractive low cost talent base. We've also looked at some of our operations network within Key, and we'll consolidate those into Western New York and bring down costs or jobs elsewhere within Key. And then the biggest driver over time for the job number is what we talked about was the fact that they have residential mortgage from originations through servicing as well as the indirect auto business, both of which – one was a business we were trying to stand up within Key, and one that is new to Key. And that we will build on those businesses within Western New York as we scaled them across our broader franchise, which we expect will create opportunities for many folks in Western New York as we support that. And the corresponding revenue that we would expect to gain as we introduce that to the broader Key franchise. And then there will be some leveraging on the call center capabilities. So, as we look at it, again, it is a portfolio of businesses between Key and First Niagara and there were some opportunities to really leverage Western New York, but consistent with how we thought of our expense synergies, we get there in a very, very solid path through the ability to look at in-sourcing growth. And as we look at the mix of the $400 million, and Don will have some thoughts to add on this as well. Big, big driver of that is vendor savings. There is the outsourced technology environment at First Niagara is a huge driver of the $400 million. And then as we look at additional outsourcing to bring that work back in, we really are being able to get a huge piece of that path through exiting third-party relationships.
Beth Elaine Mooney: And consistent with our guidance all year, we have been positioning the company, the balance sheet, our plans for our third quarter close. And so right after (41:40) CCAR results, shortly thereafter was our approval from the Federal Reserve. So, yes, a lot of these were conscious choices about timing to be positioned for First Niagara.
Beth Elaine Mooney: Yes, Mike. The other thing I would tell you in a lower and slower environment, which is I think is the consensus of the macro environment that we find ourselves in, I do think it's an attractive proposition to be able to extract cost synergies and then the confidence for a million new clients, the resulting revenue opportunities. I believe that it is a – value proposition of the merger is solid and it creates a lever in an environment where headwinds and levers are hard to come by.
Beth Elaine Mooney: Thank you operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks. And again, thank you.
