Don Kimble: Yes. We're showing a 2.97% for the current quarter without purchase accounting, that's up 2 basis points from the last quarter. It really reflects about 3 basis points from the March beta impact as far as the rate increase, offset by about a basis point lower from loan fees. And so going forward, we would expect to see some lift again in the third quarter from the June rate increase, that we would continue to expect to see a lower impact from purchase accounting accretion in future quarters.
Don Kimble: I think that there's a couple of things that impacted us this quarter. One was the impact of the rate increase, but also we saw a mix shift in the current quarter. And so our outlook wouldn't imply the same type of mix shift going forward, but we would expect to see some of the same impact I talked about before as far as the June rate increase, and then also the purchase accounting adjustment.
Don Kimble: And as far as Beth's comments, I would just repeat that we've been very pleased with the financial results we've been able to achieve with First Niagara, that we're showing strong improvement in the categories that we knew that were important for us to achieve. We knew at the time of the announcement that the tangible book value dilution and payback period would be a challenge. I would say that we are seeing a quicker payback than what we originally had expected, and that's coming from the strength of the actual results and the performance we've seen to date. If you look at the tangible book value dilution that we have incurred to date, I would say over the next 3-plus years is when we go back to the point that we were at before the acquisition. And so I think that we're well positioned to have a much quicker payback period than what we initially thought.
Don Kimble: The three-plus years I talked about was just getting back to tangible book value before the time of the announcement. So what we've talked about before was the [parallel]. And so we are looking at a three-year time period to get back to where we were from a tangible book value per share.
Don Kimble: I calculated 3.16% because it was 14 basis points on the purchase accounting true-up for finalization.
Don Kimble: Erika, this is Don. And as far as our CET1, that we are at 9.5% after the acquisition, and we feel very comfortable with that level of capital. We do believe that we have to have something north of 9% to continue to meet the stress test associated with CCAR. And so while it could be higher over a short window, we think that to maintain our capital ratios would imply something maybe about an 80% payout ratio. And that's something that we'll have to tweak positively or negatively based on what we see for organic growth and other capital needs.
Don Kimble: Where we've been pleased is essentially with our retail deposit growth and our core commercial deposit growth. Where we've seen some outflows is more in the non-transaction oriented deposits. And so for example, this past quarter, we saw a decline of about $1.2 billion in our collateralized deposits, which really don't provide any liquidity for us, and had an impact on the overall rates that we have for our deposit mix. I'd say in some of the individual categories, you're going to see a little bit more shift in some of the commercial categories, which are driving up some of the overall rates in some of the deposit categories. But generally, we, again, have been pleased with the retail and core commercial transaction accounts.
Don Kimble: Really, if you take a look at our guidance update, it's up pretax about $100 million. And that incremental earnings is taxed at a marginal rate of over 37%. And so that will have the effect of increasing our average tax rate by over 50 basis points. And so that really is the reason for the shift up in the tax rate.
Don Kimble: It is very much the latter. And actually, we've seen credit quality trends improve in commercial real estate. And so that hasn't been an issue. Chris had mentioned earlier that a couple of years ago, we started to exit certain markets. And those markets continue to do very well. And so maybe we put the brakes on a little too fast as far as being conservative there, but we want to make sure that we're cautious and using the capital appropriately as far as putting it to work with our customers.
Don Kimble: Great. And our model for the last several years has been one of continuous improvement and allowing us to generate cost savings to help fund the investments we want to make back in the business. And we believe that still is available to us prospectively. And a number of the cost-saving efforts that we had teed up before the acquisition of First Niagara were delayed because we wanted to focus most of the resources on the integration of First Niagara. And so we do believe there are some things that we can do to help achieve further cost saves. And that's going to be important for us in the long haul, especially since we're not seeing a GDP growth provide us any tailwinds as far as the growth in our bottom line.
Don Kimble: As far as the overall portfolio, I mentioned before that the collateralized deposits were down [indiscernible]. And that gave us some flexibility as far as managing our overall investment portfolio. It's a free liquidity at that point in time, and so that's something we'll continue to reassess. I would say that, that overall investment portfolio size is more reflective of the balance sheet management and liquidity constraints for the company as opposed to any other purpose. And then as far as the new purchases, they're coming on at about a 40 basis point kind of spread compared to the roll-off position. It's 30 to 40 basis points overall. So.
Don Kimble: We'll continue to look at it over time because preferred is still an important part of that Tier 1 capital component. I would say as far as our stress-test results, we still believe that there's room for improvement there, that we don't believe that the Fed scenarios give us appropriate credit for some of the cost savings that we've already been able to achieve and discounting out some of the merger-related charges. We also know that there's some data elements that we didn't have in some of our earliest filings that probably resulted in higher loss projections under their models as well. And so we think over time that those both will improve for us as well.
Don Kimble: I think that we were pleased, referring to the ask that we made, and don't think that we would've changed that if we would have known what their black box results would've been. So we think it's an appropriate position in the company at this point.
Don Kimble: Yes, the expectation would be generally relatively stable, which reflects the benefit of the June rate increase, but also the impact of lower purchase accounting and some of the other mix shifts that you talked about. I think, also, it's important to note that our guidance for the full year shows an increase of almost $100 million as far as the net interest income. And that's reflective of the balance sheet growth that we're expecting and also the strength of the margin going forward.
Don Kimble: $14 million this quarter, and that's what we see going forward. So I know it was noisy in the first quarter, but it's now down to a stable level going forward.
Don Kimble: Our charge-off outlook would be fairly consistent with what we experienced in the first half of the year. You can always see a blip here or there. But generally, we would expect it to be fairly consistent; but as we highlighted before our credit quality metrics in the second quarter all improved, with nonperforming being down 12%. Criticized and classified has also improved. So I think we're pretty well positioned going into the second half of the year.
Don Kimble: What we've talked about before was if you look at the direct exposure to retailers, plus the direct exposure to a regional mall combined, it's around $1 billion. And so it's a fairly small portion of the overall portfolio.
Don Kimble: That'd be less than $20 million for the second half of the year between tangible amortization and operating expenses.
Don Kimble: One, as far as building back the reserve, normally, we would expect the allowance to increase. But it was flat this quarter, mainly because of the improved credit quality that we experienced throughout the portfolio. We talked about -- before about a 12% reduction in nonperforming, and criticized and classified being better. And so that really resulted in us having a flat allowance. As far as CECL, we're still early stages as far as doing the modeling for that. But generally, we'd expect the allowance to be higher under CECL than you would under previous GAAP. But I think the impact might differ between different loan types and categories. And so it's still too early to see, but we'll start to probably show some increases in the reserves prospectively between now and 2021, when we have to implement CECL.
Don Kimble: The accretion all goes through margin. And so what you'll see overtime is building back some of the reserves to offset some of that. But you will see that flow-through through margin prospectively. So like when we talked about the $58 million for the current quarter, you would see that step down to $53 million, and then $48 million would be our outlook for the next couple of quarters. I would also expect you to look at about a 20% kind of reduction per year prospectively from there.
Beth Mooney: We've always said that we would invest in people, products and capabilities. And I think this quarter was the reposition of our merchant servicing and the purchase of HelloWallet because that's very consistent with our strategy and our actions over the last couple of years. We've also said that, obviously, we felt First Niagara was a compelling opportunity and a unique fit for Key. And at the time, many banks talk about acquisition for scale, acquisition to reach a certain size. We have never talked about our strategy or our playbook in those terms. We've always said we have a full complement of what we need to serve our customers. But as we looked at First Niagara, we did believe it was a compelling fit. And as we sit here today, I do believe it was a good use of capital and has indeed created real value for our shareholders. So we are not yet done realizing the value. While we have realized the $400 million, we do have additional expense synergies. We're working on the client and revenue synergies. I don't believe we need further acquisition to meet our long-term goals. But I've also learned to never say never. But I believe that our strategies are sound, our focus is clear and that we're creating real value for our shareholders.
Beth Mooney: So John, I'm going to start conceptually. Strategically, Key is well positioned. We've got a strategy that I think is compelling and a trajectory in our core businesses that is now complemented and augmented by First Niagara. We -- and we are not yet done realizing the value of First Niagara and realizing the value for our shareholders. So I want to be clear that we are not a company who is seeking acquisition as part of our strategy. So if I led you to another place, I did not mean to. And as it relates to value creation, there are a range of things that we looked at, at First Niagara, not the least of which we really did believe Key was uniquely institutioned to unlock the value prospectively. And I think you see it in our returns on tangible common equity, and our efficiency ratio as well as expense saves at some 45% of the acquired cost base. I'm going to let Don augment where we are in the earn-back on tangible books and how he would describe that. But I want to close, John, with I did not mean to lead you to anywhere that was unintended.
Beth Mooney: And John, one last comment was, and in terms of stock price appreciation, our stock is up 7 -- some 70% versus the index, bank index for that period, the same period of time up 46%. So the forward value and the value realization, we do believe that was a good use of capital for our shareholders.
Beth Mooney: Thanks, Erika. Well, as we've talked about it, we have said that one of the things that we think is important, as the CCAR guidelines have been clarified, is the ability to lean into the dividend payout. We believe we hear that from our owners that the level of dividend payout is an important consideration in their investment thesis. So we have talked about a 40% to 50% targeted dividend payout over time. You saw us this year, in the construct of our Capital Plan, for a 2-tiered increase on our dividend payout through the second quarter of 2018. So that is an important part of how we approach CCAR. And then as we balance in any given year what the Capital Plan will look like in terms of return of capital to shareholders, we look at a number of things that, yes, it is indeed true that this is the first year where soft limits around 100% payout were not applicable, and we would always look at what we would do over and above dividends carefully in terms of what we think is the best use of our capital, both in terms of investing in the business as well as returning to shareholders.
Beth Mooney: As we look at our portfolio and our mix of businesses, we continue to believe the credit environment is benign. We don't see any emerging issues or concerns in any of our portfolios. And realistically, I think the only kinds of changes to the kind of averages you've seen on net charge-offs would be, as we've talked about, as you bump along the bottom, for lack of a better term, would be some -- if anything, was idiosyncratic, but nothing that suggests a trend or a shift.
Beth Mooney: Yes. Saul, in my comments, and we realize we had some overlapping with another call, we said very early days in terms of what's in current results. But lots of confidence about the pipeline, the fit and the value of the revenue synergies going forward.
Beth Mooney: Well, Marty, I think it is a function of implementation of the strategy. You're right. We were beneficial to get a step-change in the level of our return on tangible common equity with the merger. And now from here, it is the improved operating performance, continued strong capital management. And we see a path and a plan to move through that 13% to 15% guidance in the next couple of years.
Beth Mooney: Thanks. I do think the white paper is an important kind of stake in the ground. If you look at nine years post crisis, we certainly have a stronger and more resilient banking sector. We've got high levels of capital and liquidity. So I do think the opportunity to review regulations that align with risk complexity simplification are all important. But I think specifically, as you look at liquidity and capital, there are some opportunities there in terms of what qualifies for LCR requirements. And then I think specifically, some of the capital requirements that would be attributed to mortgage and small business lending would be an opportunity for Key as well as the industry. So we'll see what emerges, but I am encouraged that -- on the list of things that are under review, and I think as I said, at this point, the industry is certainly resilient and well capitalized. And there are some probably opportunities there that would be beneficial.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks. And again, thank you.
Chris Gorman: So a couple of things, as it relates to our CRE business, we still are seeing a lot of flows. If you look at our commercial mortgage banking business, we're up significantly year-over-year, and the pipelines are up. So there's a lot of flow within our real estate business. But as Don mentioned and Beth mentioned, there's a bit of a mix shift, that which goes on the balance sheet and that which we place elsewhere. So good flows in real estate, but the reality is there are market opportunities for our clients as these debt markets are wide open, and we're taking advantage of those for the benefit of our clients. With respect to risk management in real estate, we've talked before about keeping the portion of which is construction to a pretty low percentage, in this instance about 13%, and that's by strategy. And the other thing we've talked about, gee, for a couple of years on this call, is there are certain categories in certain locations, multifamily, gateway, gateway cities, for example, where we've been, from a risk profile, for some time sort of moderating our exposure there. With respect to your question on utilization, our utilization is really up a de minimis amount on a linked-quarter basis, about 0.5%. It doesn't necessarily show up particularly in CapEx as we think about our clients. Our clients remain optimistic. The discussions we're having with our clients remain very, very strategic and focused, but we are not seeing a whole lot of capital expenditures at this point.
Chris Gorman: We have enjoyed deposit growth across the entire, what we call, the new markets. And so we continue to be ahead in terms of what we thought of in terms of what we had modeled in terms of deposit growth. And we also, Peter, continue to be in better shape than we were -- than we had modeled in terms of attrition. And interestingly, on the attrition side, 70% of the attrition, which isn't as great as we would have modeled, are people that were a single-product or a single-service customer. So we feel good about the trajectory.
Chris Gorman: Peter, it's a good indicator of the velocity and the activity that we have going on, on our platform. Having said that, we -- there's a lot of churn in that number. So some of those would span quarters, others wouldn't span quarters. So it's not necessarily a number that you can extrapolate perfectly. I will tell you this. We feel good about our business kind of across the board. Our investment banking and debt placement fees will be another record year this year. The actual -- how it lays out from a quarter-to-quarter perspective will be a little smoother this year than last year. Recall last year in the first -- particularly in the second quarter, actually, the markets were challenging. So you had some volatility. But all in all, we feel good about where the business is. But looking at that number specifically, you can't necessarily extrapolate it into the third quarter.
Chris Gorman: Saul, we feel really good about the $300 million goal. You will recall, when you talked about it being in the numbers, all the modeling that we did around the acquisition, specifically the $300 million of revenue, incremental revenue, were not in any of the numbers and the guidance we had given anyone going back to the acquisition. Getting back to the $300 million, we feel good about it. As you think about things like residential mortgage, payments, indirect auto, commercial mortgage banking, private banking, which is interesting because First Niagara really was not in the private banking business. And our private banking business right now has a lot of momentum. And so we think that's another area. Some of these sales, as you know, have a long tail. Some of them are relatively short. We've had some success that's already closed, for example, in commercial mortgage. But getting back to your question, we feel good about the $300 million in revenue synergies.
Chris Gorman: Well, again, we always think that this is a business where you ought to look at it on a trailing-12 basis. We feel really good about the business. As I mentioned earlier, this -- 2017 will be another record year. It'll be another year where we grow it. The other thing I mentioned is this year, on a quarter-to-quarter basis through the four quarters, it will be a little smoother than it was last year. The pipelines -- as we look forward, the pipelines are strong. So we feel good about the business. We feel good about the constructive conversations we're having with our clients. And as always, I would be remiss if I didn't say it's all market-dependent, but we feel pretty good about it.
Chris Gorman: So a couple of things. Before I get to First Niagara, clearly, we, Gerard, pay very close attention to where we stand from a market share perspective. And I can tell you, in our capital markets businesses, we are gaining share. And we use an outside service, the same folks that we've used for a long time. And so it is share gain in addition to the markets obviously being open and available. With respect to First Niagara, it's very early days. It would not equate to 0.5%. But what's interesting is we're having a lot of discussions with legacy First Niagara clients. So that's in the future. But in terms of actually having revenue in our investment banking and debt placement fee numbers, not yet a big number. As I mentioned earlier, we did use our commercial mortgage business to place about $200 million with Fannie and Freddie.
Chris Gorman: It's a mix. And particularly, we feel like our model, Gerard, is really capable of really growing relationships with people that need both the balance sheet, need all the treasury services that we provide and need the strategic advice. So we feel like our model, focused on the middle market, is at a competitive advantage to some other models that are more peaky models.
