Jeffrey Weeden: I think in terms of our overall balance sheet what we’re looking at probably something in that $90 billion range, so not materially different from where we are today, and I’m looking at it kind of X the securitized assets. We have a little bit more in there with the securitization trust that came on, $90 billion to $95 billion. So not materially different from where we are today, and it’s going to be driven by the funding side until we see loan demand start to come back.
Jeffrey Weeden: I think what you’re going to see is the balances are going to come down over time as we’ve talked about. The rate will come down slightly during that time period, but once you’re coming down you’re coming down $2 billion. We came down $2.4 billion. That is coming out at that rate that you’re looking at and it’s going into much lower cost of funds for the organization. So there are buckets out there. There’s a bigger bucket in the third quarter; there’s second quarter, third quarter has a bigger bucket and there are longer terms. But the biggest buckets are going to come in the second and third quarter and the fourth quarter of this year, then it starts to taper off and it becomes longer term in nature. But you’ll see that overall rate will be relatively sticky just because the higher rate CD’s as they mature are going into other deposit categories.
Jeffrey Weeden: I think for the time being, stay in that $750 million to $800 million range is probably the appropriate range we’ll be in as we continue to implement the Keyvolution items. Again, it’s going to not be fully implements until we get into 2012. We’re still working on a number of initiatives. 
Jeffrey Weeden: I think what we said, we are going to be core funded so I you look at it from the 90% to 100% loan to deposit ratio, I think that looking out into the future we will have a higher investment portfolio for the organization, so I think that’s just a structural change that’s taken place as a result of as we look at the new liquidity requirements that may be coming down the pike at us.Gerard Cassidy – RBC Capital Markets: In terms of the loan portfolio, it’s obviously declined materially over the last 18 months, particularly in the commercial lending side – the corporate lending, not commercial real estate. What do you see once normalization comes back to KeyCorp? Where do you see the growth coming from on the loan side since I’m assuming commercial real estate and construction lending will not be the focus of growth after we get through, back to normalization.
Jeffrey Weeden: I think in terms of how we would look at it, you’re right. The commercial real estate book is going to continue to trend down and we have our exit portfolio’s that are identified that we’re reporting on too. Those will continue to come down. I think the growth and the initiatives we’re looking at are going to be on the commercial side. There’s not going to be a lot on the consumer side. So it is going to come from the commercial side and the segments that Chris has targeted as well as the segments that Beth have targeted. So Chris you want to -
Jeffrey Weeden: The duration is around 3.1 years today, and certainly if we’ve modeled it out to rate up 100, up 200, up 300 and so it does extend the duration on out. It would add basically going out to what you had talked about, up to about 150 basis points level, would add probably another year to the duration of the portfolio. At some point in time, because these are primarily seamable packs, they do max out on the duration, but it does extend the duration on out with the pricing rates.
Jeffrey Weeden: The goal is to get those non strategic assets out of the bank, so I think that is our goal, and I think if you look at those particular assets, some of which are longer term in duration, so if you look at the Marine book, and there are some in the leasing book which will be the leverage lease that the [Lilo Silo’s] those are longer duration assets. Those will be there for some time. I think in the first quarter we came down approximately $600 million. I would expect that we would be somewhere in the range of half a billion dollars going forward at this particular point in time so we factor that in $2 billion over the course of this year. If the economy improves, better liquidity within the Marine book, people want to buy new boats etc. that can also accelerate the amortization on that particular book. 
Jeffrey Weeden: Some of the items that we still have that are hitting the fee income related areas are reserves that are still going through, so in the first quarter we had approximately $24 million of building reserves in our customer derivative book. $21 million of that was in the National Bank and you can see that in the description for the National Bank results of operations. Part of the growth that we get in the fee income line items is just the lack of more negative marks. Negative marks went down substantially here in the first quarter because a lot of what we had in the funds management group within the real estate capital area, those particular investments have been written down substantially at this particular point in time, so there’s just less to go though. But we still have other areas that are pressured, and I think, perhaps Chris can comment on this, but I think it’s just activities that we would expect to see from the capital markets area or customer activities.
Jeffrey Weeden: The portfolio is basically half the portfolio are in funds and half are direct investments. The total portfolio is approximately $1 billion. So if you look at it, you’ve got about $.5 billion in direct investments and half in fund investments. The fund investments would be another venture type related activities. I think we look at it, the direct investments are in a wide variety of various different companies and I think the prospects or the outlook for that is as the economy continues to improve, and as the market conditions continue to improve, and as we heard today there are more IPO’s in the second half of the quarter in that time period, was said on Bloomberg this morning. So if we see those particular type of activities show improvement, I think it bodes very well for additional liquidity in that and the prospects of future profitability from that particular book.
Jeffrey Weeden: I think as we look at it, if rates end up moving on up as you’ve outlined the 5%, it should be a much stronger overall economy which also bode well for then improved loan demand and pricing. So we look at that in totality as being not a negative but actually a positive for us. We are asset sensitive. We’ve had a number of AL swaps that have matured. We’ve got more that will mature, that receive fixed pay variable. So those are things that just continue to make us more asset sensitive as we look out into the future. Again, we stayed on our bond portfolio to Fanny, Freddie and Jennie in the CMO area, so we stay with high quality. We try to target as Joe was talking about at two and a half to three year duration, is what we’re quoting on, and yes those will all extend out if the rates go up dramatically. They will go on out to four to four and a half years. I think they cap out at up another 300 basis points at around five years in total. So we take all of that into account. We model it on out. We do not believe that we are in fact making that ‘trade off’ that you’re talking about. And yet, all of us in financial services have to look at how we’re going to deploy liquidity that we have at this particular point in time without doing anything ridiculous.
Beth Mooney: I would just that it’s no surprise there has been a significant de-leveraging of our client base. Traditional borrowers and companies and middle sized corporations that will have borrowing needs as the economy to expand, but as part of this economic cycle we’ve seen de-leveraging, a building up of liquidity and cash and are borrowing in our compliant base. So as the economy improves and as those cash reserves get drawn down, I would see, although none of us now when to call that inflection point, as our economy expands I think borrowing will expand within our existing client base because we’ve had pretty significant pay downs. And then we obviously will work with Chris and our market to continue to acquire and expand our client relationships. 
Beth Mooney: Part of what we are doing is strategically investing in our franchise in markets where we have low share but we see them as attractive demographic markets with high growth potential, and we are looking to mainly our franchise, Colorado, Seattle, Portland where through the addition of branches to our network, we can get a broader market share, broader branch share, increase our density, and it really is a vehicle to augment our presence in those markets and largely to help acquire new relationships, new deposits and new attractive clients to the Community Bank. Part of the synergy also is the Community Banking model and the ultimate success of not just the new retail clients, it’s what we’re able to do to service business in the area, expand our private client offerings as well as meet the needs of our middle market clients. So it has a broader market impact in addition to increasing our retail share.
Beth Mooney: I would say that other than service charges which I think there a behavioral change within the consumer base, many of our fee income categories are showing double digit year over year growth which show a return of key investment services for example, which is our platform based annuity sales product, is up 20% year over year. We’re seeing ATM debit start to recover. Obviously our investment management fees, our trust fees, so we see trends where the business has bottomed, stabilized and is starting to grow from where we were a year ago.Kenneth Usdin – Bank of America: As you let some of these non core deposits and long term debt roll off and with having the loan book shrinkage, and you mentioned that you probably will have a bigger securities portfolio versus history, how are you positioning the securities portfolio now especially with rates eventually on the rise in terms of just preparing for the eventual rise and also just compositionally as far as what you’re investing in.
Henry Meyer: First of all, the bonuses are not going to be that material of an impact on the company so I think as we look at it, part of it, what we announced last fall, part is paid in the form of stock right now, so the increase of the differential may be small additional amounts, but it will be based on the performance of the company, so it’s not one of those things that’s fixed in nature. I think the other areas that we continue to look at, just like we outlined on Slide 13, is how do we make more of our cost variablized within the company. So we’re really looking at those particular initiatives. I think some of the other things we’re looking at is, we have fewer people today, so there are other costs that we’re very focused on. We’re making investments in the Community Bank and the branch network that we have there, corporate space is being reduced. So there are specific goals over the next three years to bring down corporate space fairly significantly. Those are other initiatives that are taking place. Also deploying technology more efficiently and effectively, so how do we leverage technology within the organization. I guess an example I would point to there is what we were able to do with Teller 21 in the organization, bringing down a lot of our courier costs and improving our service quality to our customers. So those are things that we are continuing to focus on. Environmental costs, I think you can look at what our costs are associated with, other real estate expense is still elevated within the organization. Typically it used to run say in the $5 million range on other real estate in any given quarter. That’s been as high as $50 million and this last quarter it was $32 million. So those particular costs will be out there. Professional fees, collection related costs, etc. so we’ll continue to look at all those particular areas.
Henry Meyer: We haven’t given a specific time period on the timing here. I think as we look at some of those goals, credit is still going to be a very significant component of that and so with an improving economy, credit will improve over time. It’s not a quick cycle type of an expense item that the corporations have, the banking institutions have. So that’s going to take a period of time. The expense initiatives that we continue to work on here, we’ll have implemented by 2012. That will help us in that regard to it’s not something that you should factor in for 2011. It’s beyond that time period before I think we get to that particular level.
Henry Meyer: Again, we thank all of you for taking the time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow up questions, you can direct them to our investor relations team, Vern Patterson and Christa Sikora at 216.689-4221. That concludes our remarks and again, thank you all.
