Chris Gorman: So Steve, it's Chris. As we look at this line, we always look at it kind of on a trailing 12 basis. I don't think we're going back to $160 million. In the last decade, we've grown this, as I mentioned, at a compound annual growth rate of 11%. We continue to add bankers. We continue to further penetrate these niches that we're in. It's a unique business, 7 industry verticals serving the middle market. It is the deal business.  But having said that, we feel really good about the long-term trajectory of the business. I'll give you 1 statistic you might find interesting. This year, we added 5% in terms of incremental bankers and the call activity is up 20%. So I think we're in the right sectors. I think we continue to invest in the business, and I think it's a unique business. I don't think it's going back to $160 million. I do think, over time, it will continue to be a double-digit grower.
Chris Gorman: I don't know if I would consider it as a baseline. I mean we always look at it on a trailing 12 basis. But I do think we can continue to grow it, Steve. As you know, you guys are in the deal business, too. You can't sort of annualize 1 quarter, but I do think you can look at long-term trends, and we'll continue to grow it.
Chris Gorman: We -- Steve, we're always out there talking to people, particularly in the nonbank space. We have a pretty good track record of buying entrepreneurial businesses and integrating them. Obviously, this year, we bought AQN, which is an analytics firm. We have a long history of investing in and partnering with fintech companies. So we'll continue to be very, very active around sort of niche businesses, whether it's investment banking, boutiques. And then we're always out there. Our job is to always be out there in the marketplace and see what there is out there that could create a lot of value. And so, we're out there, but particularly focused on these niche businesses.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. First of all, operating leverage is very important to us. We're really proud of the fact that we have operating -- positive operating leverage on a year-to-date basis. We will have positive operating leverage for the year 2021. We have not yet pulled together our plans for 2022. We will share that guidance with everybody in our January call. But I can tell you, positive operating leverage is a very important part of how we run the business. It's a huge area of focus when we have all of our business leaders in, we're investing heavily in these businesses, but we have to be able to get the growth for the investment. And to date, obviously, we're getting that, but we'll continue to focus on positive operating leverage. You mentioned inflationary pressures. I don't think there's any question that there's inflationary pressures in the financial services industry. And within our customer base, we clearly are seeing those. And those will be a challenge, I think, for everyone in the economy.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Let me start, and then Don, I'm sure you'll have some comments on this as well. We are pleased with the trajectory of our loan growth, Scott. You mentioned on the consumer side, our 2 growth engines. Those will both continue. So we feel good about those. As it relates specifically to the commercial side, we've seen a lot of activity around energy, around affordable housing. We're significant players in healthcare and technology. All of those sectors have been active, and the pipelines look strong. As it relates to pricing and structure, we are not giving on structure at all. And I would say there's been sort of a continued erosion of pricing. Think about sort of from pre-pandemic to current sort of a BBB credit and erosion of maybe 25 basis points, that would be kind of a good benchmark.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So Bill, thanks for your question. So just as you step back and you look at our mortgage business broadly, right now, about 20% of our volume is to doctors. So it's not an inconsequential piece across all of Key. Additionally, our purchase volume right now is about 50%. We're up 60% year-over-year. I think the [MDA] would say those are relatively flat. So I would expect that we'll continue to grow fairly aggressively on the purchase side as it relates to Laurel Road. And obviously, as interest rates go up, the refinance piece of it will obviously be impacted by that.
Chris Gorman: Yes. So Bill, there's no question, you're correct there. I mean we are a relationship bank. And specifically, we believe in targeted scale. And if you think about that being really focused on who you do business with and being a relationship bank, clearly, the indirect auto business just is not a relationship business. And so we made the decision to exit the business and then the transaction that we completed just recently with the accelerated share repurchase, just made a whole lot of sense for us because it freed up capital, had a great IRR and frankly, enabled us to eliminate the tail risk at a time when the value of used automobiles was quite high. So that was kind of the strategic logic between exiting the business and executing the transaction we did recently.
Chris Gorman: Matt, just to give you some numbers from the first quarter of 2020, our merchant business, up 49%; purchase cards up 39%; retail payments in general are up 28%. So to Don's point, there's a lot of velocity.
Chris Gorman: Peter, we still believe that 9 to 9.5 is the right number as we think about our business. There's obviously a lot of variables. Could we be in the lower portion of 9 to 9.5? Depending on the scenario we could, but we do not intend to lower the target of 9 to 9.5 of CET1.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Eric. Thanks for your question. So our relationship with fintech partners has really been both important and helpful for us. As a bank, we were in early. And I think it's really helped us successfully execute our targeted scale strategy. Frankly, it's helped us kind of with our client service strategy, our sales strategy. It's also clearly contributed to our thinking as we developed our technology road map. We are clearly tied into the entire fintech ecosystem. And our unique strategy is both known and understood by the fintech community, which is helpful. Going to your question of how many relationships we have, I would say, today, we have probably 10 client-facing relationships we literally have dozens of infrastructure relationships with fintechs because we're sort of known in the whole ecosystem, we see a lot, maybe 15 or 20 opportunities every single month that we kind of sort through. Kind of if you step back and take a look and think about kind of from a strategic perspective, our targeted scale strategy, it just makes us a great partner because we have such distinct client groups. And obviously, as you're developing software, that's really helpful. What we have done at Key is in Laurel Road as we've built this national digital affinity bank, which is a relationship approach to digital banking. What fintechs really are best at is really solving 1 pain point and doing it extremely well. So it's been a good relationship probably for -- I can certainly say for us, and I'm sure it's been a good relationship for the fintechs as well.
Chris Gorman: It starts with the client out. We are a relationship-driven bank. And so we have these distinct client groups that we're pursuing. And to the extent we can partner, invest with a fintech that can make us more impactful in the market serving that specific client set. We will enter into some partnership. We'll invest in them. To the extent it doesn't help us compete and win in the marketplace and solve a specific pain point for our targeted customers, we take a pass. Now as I mentioned, that's on the client-facing stuff. In the infrastructure space, we have dozens and dozens. And obviously, the criteria there is it cheaper and faster to buy it versus build it.
Chris Gorman: So let me take a pass at that, Gerard. The answer is, we don't know. We've got really good clarity. Obviously, as we look into the fourth quarter, we gave guidance of 20 basis points. Interestingly enough, our results this quarter, while we report 11 basis points, it's really closer to 2 when you take out the $22 million that relates to indirect auto. I think we are in -- I can speak for Key. I think the derisking that we've gone about for the last 10 years is going to serve us extremely well. We won't stay at a level this low. But I actually think, as we look into 2022, you're still going to see us below our targeted range of 40 basis point to 60 basis points.
Chris Gorman: I think, Gerard, 1 of the first things you'll see is in the small business sector, the inability to pass through what are some pretty significant price and wage increases. And I think that will be the beginning of a bit of a pressure on the commercial side, particularly with smaller customers that have less pricing power.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So Gerard, we've never broken out each of the different components, our investment banking fees. I can tell you that our M&A business was extremely strong. And you can imagine the equity business was very strong, given that we have a focus on technology. So those were a couple just bright spots broadly. As it relates to our mix of what's distributed and what we put on our balance sheet, it's actually been very consistent over a long period of time. We've always basically held of the credits that we take on. We've always held about 20% on our balance sheet. So we really haven't dialed that up at all. We've been just maintaining our moderate risk profile and taking advantage of what are some pretty attractive markets out there.
Chris Gorman: John, thanks for your question. We will be addressing our view on 2022 in January. But what's interesting about our model is there's a lot of variables. And depending on what the market conditions are, you could see us -- going back to the previous question, you could see us maybe putting more on our balance sheet if some of the markets went in, they're right now functioning very, very well, went into dislocation. But we'll have a specific view for you when we report in January.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So broadly, our spend is about $800 million a year. Of that, about $200 million is spent on development. Of the $200 million, about half of it is client facing. The other half is core. One of the great things is we've been updating our technology over a long period of time, and we actually have to spend a little less in that category, which frees up more dollars for some of the development on the front end. The other thing that we also have been doing is we've been buying a lot of niche businesses that have actually brought a lot of technology to us. Obviously, Laurel Road would be an example of that, AQN would be an example of that. And that's really tech investment that is outside of what we would think about in terms of our tech budget.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks, and we appreciate everybody's time. Thank you. Goodbye.
Don Kimble: Sure, can. The total loan fees realized this quarter were $45 million. That was down from $50 million last quarter. The average balance for our PPP loans was $4.2 billion, and the ending was at $3.1 billion.
Don Kimble: It's a great question. And that's something we challenge all the time that you might see from the materials that this quarter, we had some activity in our bond portfolio with purchases of traditional core investments of about $3.7 billion compared to runoff of $2.1 billion that we saw from the cash flows off the existing portfolio. In addition to that, we bought some short-term treasuries of about $4 billion and also the auto securitization transaction ended up increasing our overall bond portfolio by $2.8 billion as well. And so we ended the quarter at about $49 billion of total investments, which is up from the average of $43 billion. What I would say is that we've seen a nice tick up in rates that the purchases we made in the third quarter had an average yield of 135. Those same types of investments at the start of the fourth quarter in the 150 to 160 range. So that would probably give us some opportunity to lean a little heavier into portfolio purchases in the fourth quarter and beyond, and we'll continue to assess that. We're sitting right now on $25 billion of excess liquidity compared with cash positions and short-term treasuries, and we do plan to put that to work over time. And probably see a clip of something in that $4 billion to $5 billion range near term instead of the $3.7 billion that we purchased in the third quarter and maybe moving that up as we get more and more comfortable with where rates are positioned for the long term.
Don Kimble: Of those hedges, $22 billion really are true asset liability hedges. The remainder are both debt hedges and also some very specific security hedges for the maturities for the next 12 months, for all 2022. That's a $4.6 billion number as far as the maturity of those swaps. And so -- and just to put that in perspective, the average received fixed rate for those $22 billion in swaps is 1.2%, and the current go-to rate for us would be about 1.1%. So we're seeing markets start to -- rates start to pick up and close that gap that we have as far as that rollover risk.
Don Kimble: I would agree, Chris. And as far as the commercial loans linked quarter absent PPP, we're seeing those balances up over $1.5 billion. I would say of that, about $0.5 billion is coming from increased utilization rates that we saw up about 50 basis points. We saw a little bit of growth in our commercial real estate portfolio, and that really is aided by our focus on affordable housing and some other areas there that have been paying dividends for us. Then the core commercial portfolio itself grew by about $0.5 billion. And I'd say that a good chunk of that is coming from customer growth. And we're seeing the benefit of the additional calling efforts that Chris mentioned and the addition of more bankers on the street to help us drive that growth.
Don Kimble: It really doesn't have a huge impact on it at all. If you look at the reserve levels we had there, they were a little bit less than the average for the overall loan book, but generally in line. So not much of a change there. The 1 thing we continue to watch is that our credit metrics continue to improve and exceed our expectations as far as the relative performance there. And so that's been the main driver as far as some of the adjustments we've seen down as far as our overall reserve levels.
Don Kimble: I would say that historically, we've seen that operating margin held in fairly well for that business, even though we're investing in it. As we see variances from quarter to quarter, we typically see an increase in incentive compensation to about 30% of the change in revenues. And while it's not a strict formula, it tends to work out to be about that range. And I would say as far as the efficiency ratio for this business, it's a little higher than what the core would be overall, but isn't too dilutive to the entire company.
Don Kimble: And also keep in mind, our target customer for the Laurel Road business. It really is those doctors that are coming off the residency and locating to their permanent assignment. And so step 1 typically is to consolidate their student loans and step 2 would be to buy a house and establish more of a permanent residence. And so even though if rates are going up, we would expect to see some strong purchase volume coming from that targeted customer base as well.
Don Kimble: Sounds good. The whole thought to the size of the swap book is really to get the end target as far as our asset sensitivity that we have been biasing our position to be much more asset sensitive than we typically would. We're now in our -- we talk about a 6% asset-sensitive position in our slide deck, and that's higher where it would be traditionally. But also available to us going forward in the next year is the redeployment of liquidity. So some of that will be taking out the cash position, which is a variable rate asset, low earnings variable rate asset, but still variable rate and replacing it with long-dated investment securities, and we typically have about a 4-year average life or for those securities. And so we'll have to take that in consideration as to whether or not we just do more of that or we do additional replacements of the swaps. Right now, we've not been replacing any of the swap maturities and we'll continue to reassess that going forward. So that's just generally how we would manage the overall asset sensitivity position of the company. As far as the benefit from the swaps in the third quarter, we had about $76 million of net interest income coming from the swaps. We could see that come down slightly over the next couple of quarters. And then the question will be going forward is what happens with rates. And as the short-term rates move up, you would see that number come down, but we would have seen an offsetting impact from the rates on the commercial loans going up, benefiting from those higher rates. And so that's again, just a summary of where we're positioned today and what impacts there might be going forward.
Don Kimble: I would say that, that would probably take us up as far as asset sensitivity, but I don't have the exact rate there. And 1 of the things we'll be monitoring is just what our outlook would be for rates overall and what's the other changes in the balance sheet. So since those swaps are fairly short in duration, it wouldn't have a huge impact in overall asset sensitivity, but just something prospectively that we'd have to evaluate.
Don Kimble: The total, which will include the interest on the individual loans was $56 million, including the $45 million in fees last quarter, that was $69 million, including $50 million of fees. And so, that’s just the relative change from quarter-to-quarter.
Don Kimble: One, if we look at the individual balances of our retail customers, we're seeing balances maintained, if not growing across the Board, even though the smallest customers as far as average deposit balances. And so we're not seeing a lot of change there that I would say that, to your point, some seasonality, some activity level, we're seeing activity levels pick up, and that's driving service charges up. And more importantly for us is we're seeing household and customer growth. And we've had record growth for the first 9 months of this year that exceeds what we had previously originated as far as net new households in a full year. And so we're seeing strong growth there, which also does translate to increased fee activity for us as well.
Don Kimble: Yes. As far as the trust fee income that the biggest driver there really was commercial brokerage activity, and that was down linked quarter and year-over-year. If you look at the core private banking revenues, those were up for each of those periods, and retail investment sales are down slightly linked quarter because of seasonality but up year-over-year. And so those are the main drivers there. And then -- I'm sorry, Matt, your last question, I forget what that was. I apologize.
Don Kimble: I really don't have any money market waivers there at all. We don't manage any money market funds, and so that really doesn't trip our revenues there.
Don Kimble: Sure, could. But as far as the average loan growth that we've talked about up low single digits, up 1% to 3%, excluding the impact of the indirect auto. If we added on the impact of the PPP forgiveness and loan balance expectations there, that would add another $1.8 billion to the overall loan growth. So almost 2%, so that would take it from a low single digit to a mid-single-digit kind of growth expectation on a linked quarter basis. And so something similar to what we reported essentially this quarter.  As far as the NII outlook, I would say that there's 2 things that are impacting NII outlook for the fourth quarter, you hit on one, which is PPP. And we would expect probably in the neighborhood of a $10 million or so type of decline in PPP revenues. The other is the indirect auto loan sale that as a result of the sale, our net interest income will be down, but our fee income will be up. We essentially received 75 basis points for servicing those loans. And so you will see a decline in NII of about $10 million and an increase of fee income in the range of $5 million to help offset that. And those are kind of the moving parts and pieces.
Don Kimble: Gerard, I would agree with Chris' comments there. A couple of things to think about. One is as far as our overall credit quality position, for many of the metrics today, we're actually better than what we were pre-pandemic. So if you look at nonperforming loans, nonperforming assets, the delinquency stats for consumer and commercial loans are all better than where they were pre-pandemic. Our criticized and classified are a little higher than what they were before the pandemic, but coming down dramatically. And we've seen incremental improvements this quarter that are outpacing what we've seen before that. And so that would suggest that things are going to be good for some time. But at the same time, I would think that you're probably going to see the consumers start to turn a little sooner. They've been the beneficiary of so much stimulus. And if that starts to slow and go away like we would expect it to, you would start to see some of that start to return to more normal levels over time as well. And then the commercial customer, while it's still flushed with liquidity, but we just aren't seeing the early signs of that there's going to be some challenges down the road. And so I think that we're going to be in a period for some time where we're going to see charge-offs below the low end of guidance ranges across the industry.
Don Kimble: Our total salary expense each year is about $1.3 billion. And I would say that those 2 components probably have cost us somewhere in the range of about $15 million to $20 million a year. So it's a little over 1% cost as far as the impact there overall. But it's something we'll continue to evaluate. And as Chris highlighted, we're seeing that in the entry-level type of positions. And we're also starting to see some of that in other more specialty areas as well. And so we'll have to assess as we go into next year, what kind of targets we'll have as far as salary expense overall.
