Jeffrey Weeden: Okay, Craig, this is Jeff Weeden. The decline or the 20 basis point decline that we experienced in the C&I loan yields in the first quarter, there's a couple of important points to make. One, swaps contributed about 8 basis points of that decline so the swaps rolled off. That cost us about 8 basis points. But when we had also went out and looked at the impact, we have a large degree of our loan portfolio that's variable rate and that's priced off of 1-month LIBOR, as well as 3-month LIBOR. So if you look at the average rate on LIBOR between the first quarter and the second quarter, 1-month LIBOR was down about 6 basis points, and 3-month LIBOR was down about 4.5 to 5 basis points. So that also contributed probably about 3 to 4 basis points in that particular area. And then we did see, just as new spreads coming on are a little bit tighter. So that also had an impact. So the balance was really a tightening of the spreads. But there's a lot of it that's explained by swaps and then just the change in LIBOR.
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes, Craig, this is Jeff again. What we have specifically in the third, there's about $2.4 billion that will roll off in the third quarter. It's going to be about a 1.46% deal. I think you have to look at -- there's a lot of that of course that will be in there that will be 7-day, 30-day, et cetera, that just the normal runoff that continues to happen each and every quarter. The bigger runoffs really happen in 2012 when we get into the higher costing, some really of the more higher cost CDs out in the second and the third quarter. And the third quarter has got the largest lock. So there's about $1 billion in the third quarter of 2012 with an average rate of around 5%.
Jeffrey Weeden: Yes, I think in terms of the -- I'll comment on the FDIC insurance first. It appears to be sustainable simply because we've de-risked the overall company. So the company has changed significantly I think in the last 3 years, so we have a lot more Tier 1 capital at this particular point in time. The quality of our investment portfolio is extremely high. So there's a great deal of liquidity in the overall wholesale funding needs or the loan-to-deposit ratio has improved dramatically. So we'll see obviously going forward on FDIC insurance will be significantly below where it has been for the prior quarters. And we would expect something similar to what we experienced in the second quarter of this year. Overall, expense management and expense controls, we haven't given any specific targets there. It's really part and parcel to our culture for the organization to continue to manage expenses tightly and look for revenue opportunities. We know that it's a challenging environment, and it's just part of the culture of the organization.
Jeffrey Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden again. I think in terms of achieving the longer-term goal of above 3.5%, we're going to have to see the overall rate environment increase. So we certainly need an increase in short-term rates, as well as going out to probably the 3 to 5 years on the yield curve which, as we all know, has been very much depressed here of recent. And the prospects of that I would say of going up are not real high in the near term. In terms of overall pressure on the margin, I think just what we talked about, we're talking about a little bit of pressure on some of the loan yields. And so as asset yields come down a little bit, we're repricing deposits, which is why we provided the additional clarity I think around the CD book. But the fundamental item there is that as yields come down on assets and we're asset-sensitive position that we're in right now, it's going to continue to pressure the overall net interest margin, as well as how much liquidity we have. So liquidity has been extremely strong. Deposits are continuing to be plentiful in the system overall. And so that -- it just has a natural depressing impact on the net interest margin, not necessarily net interest income.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, we don't provide specific guidance with respect to reserve release because it is something that we go through mathematically each and every quarter. We did provide the direction. Our expectations would be for lower levels of nonperforming assets, as well as lower levels of net charge-offs. And I think as we continue to see the economy improve and you see the charge-off level really approaching that 1% level here in the second quarter, that the trend on reserves is going to continue to come down.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, that's a difficult question to answer. I think in terms of what we had commented on even 6 months ago was that having the reserve over a cycle, it could come down to 1.5% to 2%. I really can't give you any more specifics than that because it does depend upon the quality and the size of the overall portfolio.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think there's -- last quarter, we commented on a range of $300 million to $340 million as being plausible outcomes for the pre-provision net revenue. I think you have to look at individual expense line items. We have the gains in other real estate. Other real estate balances are pretty low at this particular point in time. So we're not looking for a significant expense in there. But on a more normal level of expense would be somewhere around $5 million for that particular item. And then I think in terms of the reserve for unfunded commitments, that continues to track down. But commitments are also starting to build again. So we're having some success in clients actually taking out new commitments, which we believe is a very healthy sign. And so the trend in that may not be down for an extended time period. So those are kind of offsetting items. And then I think the net interest margin itself will remain under some pressure here, just as generally as rates have been fairly low.
Jeffrey Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. I think what we were -- what you saw in the current quarter was that there were some reserves that were allocated around in some of the business units where we saw some risk. But I don't think it was more than just the net charge-offs. So in that particular book, it was just a replenishment of the net charge-offs. I think as Chuck talked about, some of those particular books have not seen the improvement, overall improvement, but they did not have the amount of degradation earlier. And so charge-offs and provision have just kind of normalized and matched themselves in that particular book for the second quarter.
Jeffrey Weeden: I'll comment on the -- some of the other books that we've had. The runoff portfolio, we do expect to go down about $250 million to $325 million, but that's kind of like normal amortization that we're going to see from that. I think Chris Gorman can comment on the CRE book, and both Chris and Bill Taylor can talk about kind of what they're seeing in the other portfolios.
Jeffrey Weeden: Total loan balances is what we're talking about because we are saying that the growth that we are seeing overall, both in our commercial, C&I book as well, is the fact that we've come down fairly rapidly because of the liquidity in the marketplace on CRE gives us this greater confidence that we're not going to see as much decline, and that's what was in our comments, as much decline in the third quarter in CRE and may in fact see a build in that particular book. With the strong pipelines that we have overall, we actually expect to see growth in the book in the fourth quarter. But we're not forecasting in a specific amount or anything, but it appears that we've reset inflection point and we've started to see growth overall in the portfolio.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think -- this is Jeff Weeden. Our stated objective is from 1% to 1.25%. Right now, it's been a little bit higher than that or the upper end of the range of that for the last several quarters. That's driven by the fact that we've had overall credit improvement. We've had some benefit associated with that. I think in terms of really getting the pre-provision profitability of the organization going longer-term, we're going to have to see generally an increase in interest rates and then overall growth in the lending activities and other activities of our clients. So as our clients continue to gain more confidence and business activity improves, I think that's where we'll continue to see -- that's when we'll see some of the overall growth. But until that point in time, we're talking about the range on pre-provision profitability of really being between $300 million and $340 million.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think with respect to buybacks, I think Beth has commented on this before. But whatever we do has to go through the board. Board has to go through their analysis of it. And then in today's environment, it has to go through a regulatory review process. So I think in terms of our comments on that, we spoke specifically about the fact that the next time that we go out -- in for the overall annual review, that the regulators will conduct again of at least the 19 banks, if not more than that. That will be part and parcel to our overall plans for coming time periods. But anything that you do along those particular lines does require the non-objection of your regulators.
Jeffrey Weeden: I'll comment just briefly on it because I specifically looked at what we are seeing. Beth commented about new and renewed commitments. And her comments there earlier I believe was like $9.3 billion to $9.6 billion. I don't have the exact number here to put my finger on it. But I did look specifically at the overall trend in commitments. And what we saw in the trend in commitments, we saw it in the first quarter. We saw that the -- going in the third month of the quarter was the strongest. And we continue to see strength build in the second quarter for approved new commitments. So if I were to look at each of the months, April, May through June, we saw building of approved commitments that got recorded.
Jeffrey Weeden: This is Jeff Weeden. The overall trend will probably remain fairly stable. We typically have seasonal tracking of just when you have additional vacations. So you end up with having some seasonal temporary help that comes on in the summer months. But we are continuing to add people in select areas where we can drive revenue, so we're making those particular investments. And of course we've been also adding additional branches to our network, which will come with additional staffing. But we still have other initiatives that we're executing on within Keyvolution. And as we continue to execute on those, those will also have some of a dampening impact on the overall change in the FTE counts for the organization.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, I think -- Gerard, this is Jeff. I think over time you'll see that migration towards the net charge-off level. But I think also you have to look at the overall quality of the portfolio, too, so that will have a change in it. It may match charge-offs or it may be greater than charge-offs in some time periods, too, depending upon the overall direction of the credit and the size of the overall portfolio. But that will probably be a good proxy once we get to whatever normal is.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, we review it on a regular basis, probably for change, though. It's more on the annual process when we go and update our long-term plan. So as we go through that with the board, we start the process even this week and go through it through the next 2 meetings with the board as we get ready to get into 2012 and set the targets basically for '12, '13 and '14.
Christopher Gorman: Craig, its Chris Gorman. I think the pressure continues. I think that as we look at both structure and pricing, I would assume it would kind of go down another 5 basis points as people are looking for assets. The interesting thing that we see is we see it from both sides. We have a very big syndication business that we originate paper for our clients and distribute. So we see it on that side of it. And we also have a very big commercial loan mortgage business. So we feel like we have a pretty good insight to where the market is. And clearly, structure is getting more aggressive as is pricing.
Christopher Gorman: Sure, Jeff. Erika, I'll start with the real estate book because that's the biggest piece. And we had a runoff of about 10% quarter-over-quarter, which was about $900 million, which is in keeping with what we anticipated. Jeff mentioned in his comments that we expect that portfolio to stabilize in Q3 and have growth in Q4. That's still our view. We had pretty good visibility as to what was going out of there. That's the biggest number. The second portfolio would be our national leasing business. That portfolio has in fact been stable over the past year, and we feel very good about where that portfolio is going. We have a big exposure to technology, to software and to medical equipment, and that typically is a late year capital cycle. So we feel good about that business. And then lastly, our institutional and capital markets business enjoyed a 10% growth quarter-over-quarter, which was $400 million. We feel very good about where we are in that business going forward. We have a very large syndication pipeline which gives us very clear visibility for continued growth in that portfolio. So from the Corporate Banking perspective, we think we in fact have reached that inflection point and are focused on getting growth in the back half of the year.
Christopher Gorman: And the reason we always start by talking about real estate is it really obfuscates a lot that's going on in the rest of the bank because the numbers are so significant.
Christopher Gorman: Steve, there's a few things going on there. One is that we have very opportunistically delevered a lot of our clients, gone to the equity markets, gone to the commercial loan mortgage market. So that process has really kind of run through. The second thing that's happened is we have now successfully transitioned that book. When we started, we had about 60% of that book that was in construction. Today, that rests at 16%. And then at the same time, in keeping with what Beth was talking about, working very closely with the Community Bank, we really targeted these owners of real estate. And we're getting a lot of traction. We have a lot of traction in the REIT business already. I think we lead 17% of all the publicly-traded REITs in a financing perspective. But we're also now getting a lot of traction with these owners of real estate. So not only are the exits diminishing, but we're getting a build in the pipeline.
Christopher Gorman: Matt, it's Chris. I'm not sure that there's much more activity out there. I think we're winning in the marketplace. We were just doing in analysis, I think at the end of the year, we think we'll -- 8% of our client base will be new. So I don't know if it's that we're being more effective in our targeted calling or that there is a whole lot more opportunity from a whole market perspective out there.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Ken, this is Beth Mooney. Clearly, you're right. We are in the era of generating new capital, and we have said that disciplined capital management will be one of our priorities. In 2011, when we submitted our plan to our regulators under the capital submission, our priority at that time was the repayment of TARP in a shareholder-friendly manner, as well as the increase of our dividend to $0.03. Going forward, as we look at how we manage our capital both for a return to shareholders, as well as supporting our business, increasing our dividend is important over time. Share repurchase relative to our book value is clearly attractive. And then it's important that we support our organic growth, as well as we've said in the past, we would look at potential opportunities to enhance our geographic footprint, but that we would be disciplined and that we would make sure that it created franchise in shareholder value. But those would be the primary goals of any capital management policy at this time.
Beth Mooney: We would not comment obviously on any market trends, but we certainly, as you have seen, there has not been a lot of market activity yet this year.
Beth Mooney: Erika, that's a good question, because as we sit here today, we are in the process of finalizing our strategic plans for the coming year. And I would tell you, we feel even more confident about our business plan and where the company is positioned to compete in the marketplace. We feel like we have built something very distinctive with our relationship-based, locally-delivered Community Bank, our unique expertise capabilities and range of products and services in our Corporate Bank. So both sides of the bank we believe are distinctive and well-positioned to compete. And the segment that we've been talking is that we feel like has really, really added to the robustness of our business model is the collaboration that we built and the cross-business opportunities between the Community Bank and the Corporate Bank. Each are seeing opportunities and revenue and client growth that they would not have without the other. So that alignment of our corporate Community Bank around our targeted verticals in our market is serving us well. We believe that it's less than an ideal operating environment, but we're gaining traction. And we see that we are winning with our clients, which to us validates the notion that we need to execute this strategy, stay focused, start showing organic growth and couple that with our capital management. I did, as you said I've been very busy over the last couple of months. But I did meet with many of our institutional shareholders, and I've heard and understood that their expectations are for profitable growth, continuing, strengthening of our risk profile and for disciplined capital management. And we feel like we are positioned to deliver those with the strategies and the markets we serve.
Beth Mooney: Erika, it's not a different plan. I think it's our ongoing annual process that we have where we constantly look at our strategies and validate them. So we go to various investor conferences and outline our priorities, our strategies, how we believe we're competitive and distinct. We will continue the dialogue. And if there are changes or nuances, we will always highlight those. But I think as we have taken our stake in the ground about executing on our business plan, focusing in on organic growth and disciplined capital management for our roadmap to how we're going to maximize shareholder value, we are very focused on continuing on that path.
Beth Mooney: Steven, yes, I would -- I'll be glad to elaborate on that. First, in terms of our network, we have looked at the distribution of our markets, and all are contributing and accretive to Key. But clearly, with some of the economics in the retail and consumer segment, we are still very focused on our cost structure from, I think I mentioned in the call, our cost infrastructure under our consumer payments, how we utilize various lower cost channels to make sure that we're adding to our convenience. And on the branch front, while we continue to invest and build branches in some of our priority markets in Seattle, Portland and Denver, we also have, if you look at our branch growth in any given quarter, we're using this as an opportunity to consolidate, close and reposition some of our fleet. So it is not a growth net 40, it is a growth 40. So we are constantly looking at how we can strengthen, become more cost-effective and be well-positioned to compete in our market. But we do have a continuing eye in these economic headwinds, as well as revenue headwinds specifically in that segment for trying to make sure we're optimizing our cost over time.
Beth Mooney: I think we always look at all options to say what is the best mix for Key in this market, given our attributes. So I would tell you that we have a very robust process as we look at our market density.
Beth Mooney: Mike, I'll be glad to take that question. One thing I have said at a variety of our investor conferences that I participated in over the most recent months is much of our strategy has been developed over the last 1 to 2 years within the management team here. And part of the reason that I believe the board was comfortable in an internal succession candidate is I was an architect of many of those pieces of our strategy. So I feel fundamentally very solid about our Community Bank focused to local delivery, relationship-based and service-based approach to our markets and feel like we have really validated that business model, and it's got a lot of traction. Under Chris Gorman's leadership, the Corporate Bank has gotten very focused about its targeted vertical, how to make sure that we had the right business mix and leasing commercial real estate. I think you heard him talk about a number of those areas, as well as our distinctive capabilities in our capital markets group. The real, real winner we believe for us and we think we're in early innings will be how we are truly aligning our Corporate and Community Bank, serving a continuum of our customers with capabilities that we think are: a, distinctive for a regional bank; and that b, we don't see other competitors really trying to deliver into the middle market, which we're defining as companies from, say, $25 million in revenues to just around $1 billion. So we have lots of success where we're getting cross-referrals, bringing our whole team to targeted clients. And we see ourselves not just landing lending and treasury management, but really being poised to offer debt in capital market capabilities. We have a number of wins across the bank and feel like that's distinctive. And we feel like we have adequate levers in our branch network to address some of the revenue headwinds that are specifically hitting the consumer segment and retail segments of our businesses. So if we look at our strategy, we like where we are. And our mantra is we need to stay the course, execute this business plan, talk about our results and our strengths and weaknesses with clarity and transparency and prove that this can organically grow our franchise and create value.
Beth Mooney: If you would have seen in the proxy, as well as our announcement at around the April timeframe, Henry will stay on as a year in a consulting basis. He is not an officer of the company. It is largely around what I would call, Henry has a Rolodex that is second to none, and as I stay, very, very focused on executing our business plans to making sure we really gain the momentum and traction that we believe is on the horizon, asked him to stay with me on community, civic and some industry groups where I can leverage his knowledge, expertise in Rolodex, and I can make sure that we are head down on our business plans.
Beth Mooney: Terry, this is Beth. How about I will clarify that? If you look at the focus of our de novo build, where we, as you said, our Western markets, we are not at that 10% threshold of branch share. That is where we have concentrated our new growth opportunities in terms of de novos. But I think we've always said in the past that our geographic distribution creates opportunities if there was ever consolidation opportunities within our industry because of the diversity of our markets, as well as our market share in many different places. Opportunistically, you would look at whether something enhanced your franchise value or enhanced -- and enhanced your shareholder value. So we have always said when it comes to potential for M&A acquisition that our geographic distribution could create opportunity across the spectrum, but we are concentrating our new builds in the West.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson, Chris Sikora. And their number is (216)689-4221. And that concludes our remarks today. Thank you.
Charles Hyle: Ken, this is Chuck Hyle. I think generally speaking, everything is moving down and to the right. Quarter-to-quarter, everything doesn't move in a nice, easy trajectory. Things can pump up a bit. And I think our inflows this quarter were up with just a tad, but a lot of things contribute to that. And we're negotiating in a lot of different areas. But I think not only are inflows up a little bit, payments are also up. Returns to accrual are also up. There are a lot of things that go on in any given quarter, kind of an arbitrary timeframe. But I would say that the trend in all areas are moving in the right direction. Some of them more slowly than others. Clearly, the business bank and the kind of consumer end of the business that didn't go up very much in terms of bad loans and so forth are coming down more slowly. And that is probably the sector of our portfolio that's most closely tied to the economy. So as the economy bumps along, we expect the trajectory to -- the slope of that to come down a little bit more slowly. But overall, we're pleased with direction and feel quite comfortable that things are moving in the right direction.
Charles Hyle: Sure, I'm Chuck Hyle. Let me take a stab at that. I think we're not targeting a specific number. We look at the total portfolio all the time. We look for concentrations. We look for correlations. And I think that having brought the construction and residential commercial real estate part of our portfolio down quite dramatically almost to nothing, the composition of our commercial real estate book is really quite different than it was a couple of years ago. And as a result, with all the construction largely out of the portfolio and moving to owners of real estate, REITs and larger players in that particular market, I think the number that we've come down to, and it was referenced earlier, we will probably see some increase in that part of the portfolio. In terms of the other part of your question, we have completely deemphasized construction. It doesn't say that we won't do the occasional transaction from a major player, but we've really deemphasized that. And to the extent that we do, we would play closer to home in terms of footprint. So the composition of our commercial real estate business, as Chris alluded to earlier, has changed quite dramatically.
Charles Hyle: That number, Gerard, would really reflect our core business rather than some of the exit businesses that we're still working our way out of, which obviously have higher charge-off numbers in it.
