Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to KeyCorp’s third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking, and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call.  I’m now turning to Slide 3. We reported solid results this quarter with earnings per share of $0.45, up 2% from last quarter and almost 30% from the year-ago period. Our results drove improvement in our cash efficiency ratio, which was 58.7%, and our return on average common tangible equity was 16.8%, both up over 300 basis points from the year-ago period. Revenue was up 3% from last year driven by broad based growth across our company, with positive trends in our community bank and corporate bank. Our growth reflects the success of our business model, competitive positioning in the market, and investments we continue to make across the franchise. Average loans grew 2% from the prior year and were down slightly from the prior quarter. The decline in average balances were impacted by a lower starting point coming into the quarter. Importantly, we saw stronger commercial loan growth as we moved through the quarter, which is reflected in our period end balances which were up 1% from the prior quarter. We expect to see further growth in the fourth quarter, which Don will cover in his comments. Underlying trends in our fee-based businesses remain strong. Investment banking and debt placement fees grew compared to the prior quarter and year-ago period, reaching a new record for the trailing 12 months. Driving this quarter’s results were strong advisory and loan syndications as well as continued benefit from our acquisition of Cain Brothers.  We also continue to be disciplined with our expense management. This quarter, expenses were relatively stable after adjusting for merger-related charges in the year-ago period and from notable items last quarter, and we accomplished this despite the added costs from Cain Brothers acquisition and other investments that we continue to make in our business. We remain committed to further efficiency improvement and reaching our targeted range of 54 to 56%. The final two sections on this slide highlight our strong position in terms of both risk management and capital. Credit quality remains a strength with net charge-offs to loans of 27 basis points. We believe that maintaining our moderate risk profile will serve us well as we move through different parts of the credit cycle. Our approach to capital has remained consistent and focused on maintaining a strong capital position while returning a large portion of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Consistent with our 2018 capital plan, our board of directors increased our common stock dividend by 42% to $0.17 per share in the third quarter. We also repurchased $542 million of common shares. Key’s common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.9%. Overall, it was another good quarter for Key with broad based growth across our franchise. We continue to be disciplined with expenses while investing for growth and maintaining our credit underwriting standards. This resulted in strong bottom line performance which drove further improvement in both efficiency and returns, and we are positioned to build on our momentum as we move through the end of the year. As Don will discuss in his remarks, we expect to continue to deliver positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter driven by linked quarter revenue growth and relatively stable expense, which will result in our sixth consecutive year of positive operating leverage. Despite the recent sell-off in bank stocks, we remain positive about our long-term outlook and the steps we have taken to position the company to perform through the business cycle. Before I turn the call over to Don, I wanted to mention our upcoming investor day that we are hosting on October 30. The purpose of the event is to expand more on our business model, strategies and positioning, and to showcase our strong leadership team. If you are an analyst or an institutional investor and have not yet received an invitation, please contact our Investor Relations team. We are also making the event available to all of our important stakeholders through a live webcast that can be accessed through the IR webpage. With that, let me hand the call over to Don.
Beth Mooney: Matt, this is Beth. We’re obviously in the 2019 planning cycle and it is very much focused as we have, both Don and I, reiterated the commitment to the 54 to 56% efficiency ratio target, and that we plan to be operating within that by the back half of 2019. We are making sure we are constructively balancing both our outlook for revenue as well as appropriate expense levels and investments in order to achieve that.
Beth Mooney: Good morning, Mike. I didn’t expect that. KeyCorp does not have a mandatory retirement policy, and I think the goal of our investor day is, as I stated earlier on, we have a really strong leadership team that I think you’ve met many of us over the years, where we’ve really evolved our strategies and our thinking by customer segment, how we’re going to market, and the strength of our performance. You will see broadly our leadership team to include obviously our two vice chairmen, Don Kimble and Chris Gorman, but deeper into our businesses, a chance to introduce our new Chief Risk Officer more broadly to investors and analysts as well, Mark Midkiff, so we are looking forward to appearing as Team KeyCorp and talking about the future of our business.
Beth Mooney: Those will both be topics within investor day, so we are very much teeing up this notion of how we think about scale and how we drive our business against products and businesses and client segments where we can scale, such as our discussion of what we have successfully done in our middle market, commercial and corporate banking. Dennis Devine will be walking through our consumer platforms and digital strategies, as well as we have said that of our $700 million to $800 million a year roughly in technology operation spend, $200 million of that is against investments in digital and other capabilities for our product set, and then we are also going to talk a little bit about how we think about fintech partnerships and investments there as well, so a wide range of topics.
Beth Mooney: Thank you, Operator. Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. That concludes our remarks, and have a good day. Thank you.
Don Kimble: You’re right - I think the margin was lower than what we would have expected as far as the percentage compared to coming into the quarter. For the third quarter, there were really two items that negatively impacted us this quarter. One was the liquidity levels, and as I mentioned, our cash position was up $900 million to $1 billion for the quarter, which cost us about two basis points in our margin. Didn’t have much of an impact on net interest income but did negatively impact the overall margin. The second piece was, and I mentioned this earlier, that the one-month LIBOR only went up 14 basis points this quarter, and so normally you would expect to see that move in parallel to the Fed funds rate, and if it would have, that would have added another two basis points to the margin or roughly $5.5 million. So as we look to the fourth quarter, we do expect to see more of a rate increase benefit like we would have expected this quarter, so probably a couple basis points being driven from that and very little pressure coming through the purchase accounting accretion.  Also keep in mind that our investment portfolio puts out about a $1.2 billion of cash flows each quarter and the reinvestment rate there is about 1.2 to 1.3% higher for those cash flows for the new go-to yields compared to what’s running off the portfolio as well, so that will also be helpful going into the fourth quarter.
Don Kimble: The only other impact that you didn’t cite really was deposit flows, and this quarter we did have some growth in some temporary deposits along with core growth, and so if that deposit growth outpaces loan growth, we’d see a build-up in our liquidity position. Not expecting that, but as we said, we expect loan growth up 1 to 2% from third quarter and deposits relatively stable on an average basis.
Don Kimble: The 16 to 17% continues to expect a level of tax credits from some leasing activities, and at this point in time we think that’s a reasonable assumption. We’ll provide more guidance on our outlook in January for ’19.
Don Kimble: As far as commercial real estate, I would say that we don’t see that as an area of strong growth for us. We like our business model there and risk profile. We did see some balance lift here in the third quarter from some relationships that we had in progress, but wouldn’t cite that as being a leading area for growth.  The other area that we did see some growth this past quarter was our indirect auto, and we would expect to see some continued growth there as we’re continuing to originate through our existing midwest franchise that was legacy Key, so that should show some growth for us. But I’d say a good percentage of the growth should continue to come from C&I growth for us, and that’s where we believe we have our strength and that’s where we’re seeing good pipelines for us as well.
Don Kimble: Our pay downs really have elevated compared to historic levels. I don’t know that they’ve slowed down much. Utilization rates are still relatively stable for the third quarter for what they were in the second quarter. The good thing is our activity levels picked up as far as new origination volumes late in the quarter, and that’s where we saw the growth and that’s what gives us optimism going into next quarter, is that we’re seeing those activity levels pick up and that’s been helpful.
Don Kimble: Service charges you mentioned, there was a couple of items there that were adjustments, including some revenue recognition true-up there as well. We would expect growth in that line item for the fourth quarter to more normalize for us for the quarter, so it was artificially low this quarter for some of the adjustments there.  Corporate services income really was down mainly because of derivative incomes coming down this quarter, that just saw a little less demand from our customer base for that category. It has been an area of growth for us historically, but there is some variability to that based on customer activity.  Then as far as the cards and payments related revenues, we did have some items in the second quarter that were more purchases of accounts and equipment that would have had that level be a little be a stronger. It is an area of growth for us, we do expect the fourth quarter to be up, and we expect that to be an area of growth for us going forward into 2019 as well.
Don Kimble: I would say that loan balances have come in lower than what we would have expected for the third quarter, and that really was the surprise that we had at the end of the second quarter, which continued for us, which was the lower levels of utilization and the impact from some higher pay downs. So as we would have come into this year, we would have expected loan growth to pick up in the second half of the year and we haven’t seen that, and so that is a surprise for us based on what our expectations would have been coming into the year. As far as the fee income categories, when we look at the activity and the volumes and the customer activity around these areas, we’re seeing positive trends, and so our guidance for the fourth quarter says that fee income should be up mid single digits on a linked quarter basis, so I think we’re going to see some of that momentum come in the fourth quarter and, I think, help set the table for us going forward.  You know, the follow-on point that you made, Matt, it’s something we always do manage to, and if the revenue growth isn’t there, then we do believe that it’s important that we do manage our expenses more tightly, and that’s something that we’ll continue to look at and make sure that we’re doing what we need to do to make sure that we live up to our commitments. 
Don Kimble: It really was just a few unrelated loans, and they weren’t concentrated in any industry or geography at all. Don’t view that as a trend for anything from a credit quality perspective. As I mentioned before, criticized and classified were down and delinquencies were down, so other trends would reinforce that credit quality continues to remain strong.
Don Kimble: This last quarter, we did see the deposit betas move up for both consumer and commercial - consumer was in the mid-40s and the commercial segment was about 70%, so we did see both of those move up. There continues to be strong demand coming from both sides as far as looking for additional products that have higher rates and yields, and we’re seeing that being offered to the customers across the board, whether it’s the community banks up through the largest banks in the U.S. are providing some rates that are higher for some of the commercial deposits. As we look forward to our deposit betas, we would think that for the fourth quarter, we’re still going to be in the mid-50s as far as deposit betas, so maybe up just a touch from where we were in the third quarter. But over time, we’ll continue to see that cumulative 29% beta inch up as consumer behaviors continue to seek higher deposit cost products.
Don Kimble: Sure. On the investment portfolio, we’ve been maintaining that fairly stable - it’s just shy of $30 billion, and it’s been there for a number of quarters. Longer term, we do believe that our loan growth will be outpacing our deposit growth, and so we do believe that there will be an opportunity to continue to maintain that level of investment securities and not have to shift that mix overall. Now, the good thing is on the investment portfolio, as I mentioned, we’ve got about $1.2 billion of cash flow a quarter off the investment portfolio. The yield on that cash flow is 2.15 to 2.2%, and the new purchase volumes are coming in at 3.4 to 3.5, so we do see a nice lift there which helps offset some of the drift in the deposit base, and also any purchase accounting accretion changes.
Don Kimble: One, I don’t want to have the non-accruals relate to future potential problems there - I don’t think that’s a trend that we would want to extend from here. Two, you’re right - if you would take a look at the purchase accounting credit mark on the loan portfolio and add that to our total reserve, it’s in the 115 to 116 level, and so I think that would be an appropriate assessment as to where that would trend over time as those purchased loans do mature and are replaced with new originations.  I think the other thing that we need to keep in mind though, too, is the nature of this portfolio has changed significantly from where it was before the crisis, so it’s a much cleaner portfolio, much less risk profile to it, and so we think that it would be appropriate range as far as the overall allowance being in that 115 to 116 range. Yet to be determined as far as the impact of CECL - we’ll have that come through in 2020, and so that will set a new level, and I think we’ll be well south of that 115 level before CECL is implemented, so we could [indiscernible] at that time.
Don Kimble: Erika, as far as pushing out our guidance as far as the efficiency ratio, I think one of the things I’d like to clarify is that we’ve been talking about the fourth quarter where we’d be approaching the high end of our targeted range with the benefit of the FDIC assessment, so with our guidance showing revenues up in the fourth quarter and expenses being relatively stable, even without the FDIC assessment, I think that would push our efficiency ratio into the 57 range, and if we would have had the 70 basis point benefit from FDIC, I think that would be pushing us close to that 56% range, which I think would be meeting our commitment as far as approaching the high end of the range. When we talk about in the second half of next year being in that 54 to 56%, that’s only to reflect in the first half of the year and especially in the first quarter, we have some seasonal items that cause our expenses to be elevated and it tends to be a seasonally weak first quarter. But your more global question, we will provide some more color on that at the investor day, and we will reaffirm that there are times when we have to push heavier on the expense side to make sure that we meet our commitments, so that’s something we will live up to and we’ll talk in more detail about that here on the 30th.
Don Kimble: Sure, a couple things. One, on the M&A side, what we talked about as far as our focus going forward is maybe continuing to look at some very small investments and acquisitions that would be aligned in more people, products and capability, but nothing on the banking front at all. We do not believe that that’s something that’s necessary to deliver against our operating model and have not been focused on bank M&A, so that would not be priority.  As far as our share buybacks, the pacing of those are really controlled by our capital plan that we submitted earlier this year, so as we noted before, we acquired or repurchased $542 million of stock here in this current quarter. Our total capital plan for this year is $1.2 billion, and so think about those share buybacks for the rest of the three quarters being fairly consistent throughout that remaining time period. But that does allow us to accelerate the pace based on the price sensitivity and allows us to navigate within those quarters a little bit, but not much in the way of the absolute level of share buybacks.
Don Kimble: The areas that we’ve been talking about really are residential mortgage, and we still view that as a top candidate for us. The markets have not been good for us as far as the mortgage market, but we are making investments there and we do expect to see some nice trajectory going forward in residential mortgage. The second area really has been on the payments side, and we have seen very good traction there. We are seeing the commercial payments and the commercial deposit products being offered throughout the former First Niagara customer base, and we are having a lot of success and traction with that.  The third area where we have seen good activity is on the capital markets side. We’ve been leveraging the capabilities that we bring to market, especially on the commercial real estate side, to meet the needs of the commercial real estate customers of First Niagara, and that’s had a huge success for us. The fourth area where we continue to see some growth is in the indirect auto space, and we’ve taken that product and really started to sell that throughout some of the legacy Key footprint where we did have commercial relationships with those auto dealerships, and so we’ve seen nice growth on a year-over-year basis in indirect auto and much of that coming from the new markets that Key has brought in.  The last piece is more private banking, and we are seeing traction there. It is a longer sales cycle, but we are making progress on that front and believe that there still is opportunity for us to continue to offer up more wealth management and private banking traditional products to high end retail customers of First Niagara, and looking for some strong success there as well.
Don Kimble: Yes Mike, the tangible book value was negatively impacted by OCI to the tune of about $0.08 a share, and then the other impact that mitigated some of the lift you would have seen in tangible book value also was the fact that we bought back $542 million of stock, and that’s on an incremental basis dilutive to tangible book value.  One thing to keep in mind, mentioning OCI, is that if you look back to where our OCI has moved since the day that we announced First Niagara, we had about an $0.86 negative impact to our tangible book value per share because of OCI, because of interest rates. If you would add that back on to our current tangible book value, we’d be in excess of the tangible book value per share that we were at the day of announcement by about $0.16 or $0.17 a share. It just doesn’t show given the changes in rates and the impact of OCI, but we are making progress to recapture that lost tangible book value.
Don Kimble: There is clearly some seasonality, and I would say that in addition to investment banking debt placement fees, most if not all of the individual items are expected to have some growth from the third quarter to fourth quarter level, and so that wasn’t the case for this past quarter, given seasonality. We do expect growth in just about every single one of those line items going into the fourth quarter.
Don Kimble: I’d say it’s broad based, and some of the things that you would see seasonal lift would include corporate owned life insurance tends to be high in the fourth quarter, that deposit service charges and cards and payments revenues tend to be higher in the fourth quarter than they are in the third quarter. Some of the other items we mentioned earlier, such as deposit service charges, were artificially low this quarter, which should see some pick-up against next quarter. Each one of those, we believe will be contributors to our outlook for growth in the fourth quarter.
Don Kimble: The trust and investment services line had about $7 million of insurance-related revenues to our KIBS sale. Much of that was more in the contingent fee revenues that we recognized in the current quarter, so there really wasn’t a lot of expense reduction going from Q2 to Q3 for KIBS, and most of that was realized in the second quarter. 
Don Kimble: Most of the increases in our earnings credit rate have really been more tied to LIBOR, so we are seeing those rates continue to increase. That does provide some incentive for some of our commercial customers to seek some interest-bearing deposits, because some of their non-interest bearing deposits are being used to offset their other charges and so we do see some shift coming from that. We also do believe that there still is an opportunity for us to grow our commercial deposits, and so we think that could help minimize some of the migration trends that the earnings credit rate would normally have for that area. 
Don Kimble: We really haven’t set that expectation, so let us get back to you with some thoughts on that. I don’t have anything right now that would be helpful for you.
Don Kimble: Good question, Marty. The one thing that we didn’t talk about is in the appendix, we note that we actually terminated $5 billion worth of swaps that were scheduled to mature in 2019. That enabled us to reset our asset sensitivity position back in about the 3% range, because we were seeing that asset sensitivity drift down as deposit betas increased and so we wanted to reaffirm that. We actually terminated those swaps, and so at the end of the third quarter it would have been about $12 billion worth of receive fixed swaps as opposed to the $18 billion that we were at in the last quarter.  Again, we did that because the yield curve was fairly flat and also because our outlook would have had a few more rate increases than what the forward curve was implying at that time. We’ve actually seen the rate curve move up about 15 to 20 basis points since we terminated those swaps, so it’s proved out to be a fortunate transaction for us. At the same time we did that, we did enter into some floors to help protect the downside, but the total cost of those floors was only $330,000, so it was a very nominal cost to us.  To your point, as far as the impact for the current quarter, the losses on those swaps get amortized over the remaining life of those swaps, so there was very little negative impact to us in the current quarter - about a million dollars, and we would think that would be more than offset with positive benefits coming forward in the fourth quarter and beyond. We like how it positioned us, and we think it streamlines the overall asset sensitivity position for us.
Don Kimble: That sounds generally about the right range, and that really is allowing us to keep our margin relatively stable even when rates don’t go up, so that helps to offset the deposit drift and also the purchase accounting accretion reductions. As we mentioned before, with the rate increases, we think that the margin should be up one to two basis points in each of those quarters, so that was part of our outlook for the fourth quarter. 
Don Kimble: A couple things. One is that some of those credits were actually current throughout the second quarter so you wouldn’t have seen the delinquency spike from that, so it didn’t have an impact from that perspective going into the third quarter. Second, as we put those credits in the non-performing, we do an assessment as to what type of loss content is there, so we do maintain specific reserves against those credits and/or write them down as appropriate, and so we believe that they are maintained at the appropriate level and why we don’t believe there is additional loss content there. Third as far as the timing, it really was just part of the overall workout of those individual credits, and each one of them had unique circumstances and issues, some of which were some transactions were expected to happen in the third quarter and got delayed, so it resulted in us taking those to non-accrual status until those transactions are completed. 
Don Kimble: One, on our investment portfolio, we keep a fairly short average life and average duration. I think it’s 4.9 and 4.3 years on average, so we don’t have a lot of extension risk in our portfolio. We tend to keep it more five-year type of CMO structures, or 15-year pass through paper, so there really isn’t a lot of extension. We could see if the long end of the curve moves up like you’ve suggested that could put some additional pressure on OCI and our tangible common equity. I would say that we tend to be more focused on common equity Tier 1 and some other measures, which we really believe assess where our overall capital picture is, and so even with some additional pressure on the OCI, I don’t think it would take our tangible common equity to a level that would be of concern to us at this point.  As far as other areas, that’s one of the reasons why we did go to a little bit more asset sensitive position this quarter, is we did believe there was a higher likelihood that we were going to have a December rate increase and continued rate increases in ’19, as the Fed has suggested, and the forward curve wasn’t implying that. We did tick up our asset sensitivity a little bit to better position us for that potential outcome.
Don Kimble: I’d say as a general rule that we want to continue to maintain a moderate risk profile, so we tend to manage our asset sensitivity within a range. That range probably is plus or minus 5%, and so you probably won’t see us take it to zero but as you’ve seen this quarter, we do have the ability and the flexibility to manage that actively. With the use of floors, we can protect us on the downside of it without minimizing the potential upside impact for interest rate increases. We could toggle one way or the other a little bit, but I don’t want you to expect that that’s going to go to zero. 
