Beth Mooney: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to KeyCorp’s first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. In the room with me is Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; Chris Gorman, President of Banking; and Mark Midkiff, our Chief Risk Officer. Slide 2 is our statement on forward-looking disclosure and non-GAAP financial measures. It covers our presentation materials and comments as well as the question and answer segment of our call. Now I am moving to Slide 3. This morning, we reported earnings per common share of $0.38, which included $0.02 of efficiency related charges. Adjusting for notable items related to the efficiency charges, our results were $0.40 per share, up 5% from the year ago period and down as expected relative to our seasonally strong fourth quarter results. Our results this quarter benefited from continued growth in our balance sheet, driven by both loans and deposits. The primary driver of loan growth was commercial and industrial loans with average balances up 8% versus the year ago period. Average deposits from both commercial and consumer clients grew 5% over the same period. Our growth reflects the success of our business model, competitive positioning in the market and investments we continue to make across the franchise. Noninterest income was below our expectations for the quarter, driven by our capital markets revenue. In addition to the expected seasonality in a number of fee income categories, including investment banking and debt placement fees, our investment banking business was also impacted by disruption from the government shutdown and the delayed closing of certain transactions. It’s important to note that we remain positive about the outlook for this business based on new client growth, high client engagement and strong pipeline, including a record pipeline for M&A advisory fees. We believe this positions us well for the remainder of the year. We also expect growth across our other fee-based businesses and as Don will walk through shortly, we are affirming our outlook for noninterest income for the year. Expense management continues to be a positive story with cost down 7% from the same period a year ago, adjusted for notable items. This reflects achieving nearly half of our $200 million in continuous improvement target by the end of the quarter. And even more importantly, substantially all of the targeted expenses should be achieved by the end of the second quarter. We remain committed to reaching our 54% to 56% cash efficiency ratio target in the second half of the year. The final two sections on this slide highlights our strong position in terms of both risk management and capital. Credit quality remains a strength with net charge-offs of 29 basis points, still well below our targeted range. And all of our credit metrics were stable this quarter. We remain committed to disciplined underwriting and maintaining our moderate risk profile. Our approach to capital has remained consistent and focused on maintaining our strong capital position, while returning a large portion of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This morning, we announced our capital plans for the third quarter 2019 to second quarter 2020, which includes a 9% increase in our common stock dividend to $0.185 per share in the third quarter, subject to approval of our Board of Directors. We also plan to repurchase up to $1 billion in common shares over the same period. Our strong capital position supports both our organic growth as well as our planned capital actions. Also noteworthy is the closing of our Laurel Road acquisition earlier this month. Laurel Road’s platform bolsters our digital capabilities and aligns well with our relationship strategy to build broad-based relationships with targeted clients and prospects. We are excited to have found a firm that so clearly matches our business and a cultural approach to serving clients. Importantly, during the quarter, we continue to add and grow relationships across our franchise, which drove growth in both loans and deposits. Client sentiment is constructive and our pipelines are strong, driving continued core business momentum, which supports our revenue outlook for the year. We are delivering on our cost savings and remain on a path to reach our targeted efficiency ratio in the second half of this year. And we are maintaining our moderate risk profile, and strong credit underwriting remains a priority. And the capital actions we announced today are consistent with our disciplined approach and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Finally, as Don will walk through shortly, we are affirming our outlook for the year, and we remain confident in reaching our long-term goals. With that, I will close and turn the call over to Don.
Beth Mooney: Yes. I’d be glad to, Gerard. And on the proxy proposal, it really was an administrative action and it’s actually something that we knew that our level of share authorization would need to be addressed. And if you look at our 2019 equity compensation plan, the additional shares are now necessary. It’s actually been over 20 years since our last authorization. So in determining the requested amount, we basically evaluated ISS’ published voting guidelines, and our increased authorization is actually at the lower end of the ISS guidelines. So our thinking was to avoid requiring frequent proposals. It was our intent to request an amount of authorized shares that would suffice for a long period of time. So it was purely administrative and not linked to any strategic actions or plans.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Marty I would say that first and foremost, we didn’t acknowledge that on the noninterest income front, we were like this quarter. And we mentioned specifically investment banking debt placement fees and then some of the market impacts that you even saw, such as in our principal investing portfolio and so forth. Reiterated our guidance. Don, I think early in the call kind of outlined and trying to make sure people could brainstorm this first quarter to how we looked at reiterating basically our revenue guidance for the year as well to try and help make sure that you understood where our confidence came in reiterating both noninterest income, as well as our revenue guidance for net interest income. We’ve obviously started the year with a very strong start on expenses. So again, we have a trajectory here that gives us confidence to meet the commitments we made around our efficiency ratio in our full year plans in that regard. And we’re engaged in a number of efforts that will drive shareholder value. In addition to our continuous improvement initiatives, we’ve got the Laurel Road acquisition, we have other investments we’ve made in our business. And we believe we have the full complement and capabilities to affect our plans deliver on our commitments. And we are very much focused and our priorities are clear. And what we wanted you to hear today is while we have a low base in the first quarter off of noninterest income, specifically in investment banking, we have a clear path and we have a clear plan to realize our commitments.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our investment relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks today. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Sure. A couple of things or three things actually will impact that. One is day count, the first quarter is always the lowest day count. It’s about $7 million a day as far as the impact for fewer days and so that cost us about $14 million this quarter. Second area that was weak for us this quarter compared to our expectations was loan fees, and we expect that to return to more normal levels in the second through fourth quarter. And that cost is about $6 million this quarter compared to where we would expect it. And the last piece is just what you talked about, which is balance sheet growth, and our outlook for both loans and deposits would imply about $900 million of growth from where our average was in the first quarter to what we see for the average for the full year. And that should help drive the growth so that we get back into that range for NII.
Don Kimble: We would expect a meaningful step up in investment banking debt placement fees for the second quarter. Maybe just to hit the broader question would be as far as our noninterest income outlook for the full year. And we acknowledge that the first quarter’s noninterest income of $536 million is well below the run rate for us to get to our $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion target for the full year. It would require an increase of about $120 million a quarter in fee income. And so as I would look at this, just a few things to keep in mind as far as the investment banking debt placement fees by just returning to the same reported levels we had in second quarter of 2018 through fourth quarter of 2018 that would add $60 million to our quarterly run rate as far as IBND fees. What we’ve talked about is, our pipelines are very strong, we did have deals push out of the first quarter and to subsequent periods, and so we do believe that is on track. And so we do believe that our pipeline support a continuation of building on our model from where we were last year. Another component is seasonality, first quarter is also low on fee income categories outside of IBND and that should add about $25 million a quarter for seasonality. Included in our other income line item was principal investing losses and typically we see a couple million dollars a quarter in fee income from that. We saw about a $7-plus million dollar loss there and so that would add about $10 million a quarter. And so just to get to the low end of our growth or our target, we’d have to have $25 million a quarter of additional fee income growth. And so we would see that coming from a number of different areas and those who we’ve talked about consistently have been investment banking and debt placement fees, our cards and payments related revenue and mortgages also on a very good trajectory for us as well. But if we look at our application volumes, we’re up over 50% from both a year-ago levels and also from the fourth quarter levels. And so we are on a path to start seeing mortgage drive some increases in fee income as well. And so that’s kind of how I would answer your question, so hopefully that’s helpful.
Don Kimble: There really aren’t any negative surprises as far as our outlook, I would say that last year we had a strong capital substitution with a preferred stock issuance replacing common equity. But the common dividend and the share buybacks combined really are able – enable us to get toward the top end of some of our guidance ranges as far as capital for next year. And more importantly, it keeps us just inside what that templates would allow us to do without going through a formal approval process. For us to step up our capital actions from what’s included in today’s announcement would require us to submit a full Capital Plan with the Fed.
Don Kimble: We’ll see some again in the second quarter. It should be at a lower total level than what we had in the first quarter but that should be the end of it.
Don Kimble: Well, a couple things in commercial real estate balances for us. One is that we do have a commercial mortgage business, and we do see a lot of sales of those assets in the fourth quarter and so that puts our balances a little bit lower at starting point for the first quarter. But second, this is an area where we continue to focus on our risk profile. And we’re not seeing the opportunities there for growth that we’re seeing in C&I and some of the other categories and so we’re probably a little more cautious there than some of our peers might be.
Don Kimble: Erika, we feel much more comfortable and confident in our full year outlook as opposed to giving a quarterly guidance on that specific line item. And as we saw this quarter, we were surprised by some of the transactions being pushed out of the first quarter into subsequent quarters. And so we know that the core business is there, the activity is there to support the kind of growth that we want to see going forward and so that’s why we’re very focused on that $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion fee income line item.
Don Kimble: Well, one, it was helpful for us and that with these capital actions, it really doesn’t make progress and move us toward our targets. Both from a common dividend payout ratio, it gets us closer to that 40% range and also the share buybacks I think are very important for us. And we actually totaled a little bit more towards the share buybacks this time than what we would have before. And with this level, it does start to bring us down toward that 9% to 9.5%, the targeted range. And so one, it’s helpful that even with the template, it approaches that level, what we have is a possibility if we feel that we need to step up capital actions. We have the ability to resubmit a Capital Plan at any point in time and don’t have to do it just now. So that’ll be something we can consider in the future if we feel a need to step up beyond where our current plan would include.
Don Kimble: There is de minimis approval. I don’t think it’s a full 1% of RWA, but I don’t know what that level is of the top of my head there is ability to get a de minimis adjustment.
Don Kimble: Well, Matt, I can say definitively our acquisition strategy has not changed so that is not a priority for us, and so we are very focused on executing in star strategic plan and generating organic growth. And to your point, we could have some additional flexibility as far as increasing our capital actions and we’ll just have to assess that over the next couple of quarters as the split of that limits us in the current environment or whether we want to file a full Capital Plan and adjust to that request.
Don Kimble: Yes. Well, the cost savings are sustainable. And I would also argue or suggest that as we saw this quarter, many of our revenues also have a highly correlated expense number with that. So that the expenses are variable to those revenues that are being generated in this case, those capital market revenues are highly correlated, and we’ve said that in the past it’s been about a 30% correlation and so there is that opportunity to adjust that. We’ve talked a lot about making sure that we hit our efficiency targets and make sure that we deliver on our commitments to the street. And part of that is making sure that we continue to focus on expense control in order to help manage to achieve our targets even if the revenues are weaker. So I think you’ll see ongoing efforts for us to continue to manage that down and would expect our efficiency ratio to continue to decline each quarter from here on out this year. And so that will allow us to achieve that targeted level.
Don Kimble: I would say as far as our investment decisions, it hasn’t changed a lot. Now what you did see from us quarter was about $1 billion increase on our investment portfolio and that was because our liquidity levels continued to be above where we wanted to be and so we move that out of short-term and into our portfolio. The nature of the investments is very similar that we tend to look at agency CMOs and those have been very predictable for us as far as cash flows, and we don’t like a lot of the mortgage pass-through security so we don’t have the variability associated with that. One of the thing we did do is this quarter we started to enter into more interest rate swaps and floors again and so we added over $4 million of those to really shift our asset sensitivity to be more neutral and to make sure that we’re not only more balanced but also have greater protection in case the rates do start to go down at some point in time.
Don Kimble: First quarter, the average yield for the new purchase was 335%, and the raw offer rate for the portfolio was at 229%. So we picked up over 105 basis points on those reinvestments, I’d say that in today’s marketplace, it’s a little tighter than that probably about 30 basis points tighter because of the flatness of the curve.
Don Kimble: Yes. One, Gerard, if you could tell me what the economic outlook is on the first quarter of 2020. We might be able to predict what that is because CECL is going to be more variable based on what the economy would show. I would say more generally though that for CECL, we think that there should be very little impact and maybe even some slight decreases in some of the commercial categories. If you look at the reserves maintained by Key and other banks that tends to be with an assumed loss recognition period of about three years, which is also about the average life of loans. And so we don’t believe that there should be much of an increase there and potentially, again, maybe even on a slight decrease. And on the consumer front, we do believe that there will be increases on the CECL reserves that most banks will have about 1.5 years worth of charge-offs for consumer products and many of the consumer loans have an average life of well north of the 1.5 years if you look at home equity and mortgage, you might even assume a seven year kind of life. So we think that the reserve requirements under CECL will increase those. Now for Key, that’s actually a good relative position because of about 75% of our loan portfolio is commercial and then 25% is consumer. And so we think that the impact should be less than what we’re seeing from many of our peers.
Don Kimble: Yes. That – I would just say that we’re focused on our guidance range for fee income overall, and we talked about the $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion and for us to get in that range, it does require us to show increases in investment banking debt placement fees to more normal levels and show growth beyond that for the rest of the year. And I prefer not to go into much more detail, specifically about those line items and just the group in total.
Don Kimble: We do and plan to overtime manage into that range. I would say that part of the constraint this year is the template does limit the amount of share buybacks that we can do to stay within the guidelines from the Fed. Beyond that, just as we talked about our common equity, excuse me, our common dividend payout ratio be in the 40%, 50% range. We will get there over time as opposed to in one fell swoop. So our expectation would continue to manage that over the next several years.
Don Kimble: We do believe over time, we could see that come down and what would drive that as continued improvement in our operating results that is as we continue to build out our earnings performance that should provide additional support for our capital and therefore, could lower that target over time.
Don Kimble: I would say that we are always looking at areas where we can add additional people, products and capabilities to align with our overall strategies. Most of the transactions we’ve done have been much smaller than what either Laurel Road or Cain Brothers were. And so we’ll continue to look at that fill-ins there. But we do believe that the transactions we’ve done have been additive and will continue to generate value and help accelerate our efforts to our strategic goals.
Don Kimble: I would say as far as our announcement of our capital plan that – we knew this would be a topic of conversation from our investors. And so we felt that we go ahead and announce it now and then as far as the levels, we really believe that was in line with our initial expectation and also put it as the high end as far as what the Fed template would provide. And so we felt that it was appropriate to go ahead and announce the plans based on those criteria.
Don Kimble: Well, keep in mind that our Common Equity Tier 1 has only moved down by about 30 basis points from a year ago. And so there isn’t a huge gap as far as the change from where we were then. I would say that last year we did have a significant preferred stock issuance, which allowed us to buy back additional common shares and so that had an impact on last year’s capital actions. And it’s something that we’re continuing to evaluate. And as we’ve said is we do believe that we have the opportunity, if we believe appropriate to submit a capital plan to increase our capital actions beyond this. We also knew that it would take some time for us to be able to achieve that, and so we felt that it was appropriate to go ahead and get these actions in place and start making those share repurchases occur and also to increase the common dividend.
Don Kimble: Sure. As we talked about it from the expense side that – the transaction closed a little quicker than what we had initially had and so we – now we’re saying about $20 million a quarter, so roughly about $60 million of expense as far as the impact. The loan outlook has, since the day one included the impact of Laurel road, and so, we do expect that to have a boost to our consumer lending this year and that’s also very helpful. We should also see some lift in fee income, because some of their production, it is the type of production that we would be selling, like mortgages and maybe some of the consolidation loans as well and so we should see some drive there. The guidance we provided before about – having about a negative $0.02 impact this year. Is probably about the same general range, so it’s not much higher or lower even though it’s been in place for one month more.
Don Kimble: You’re right, the template still shows Tier 1 is being our limiting factor there and will give us the opportunity to issue some preferred stock to help with that as well. So that’s a part of the consideration going forward.
Don Kimble: Our math is within $12 million of what that template shows for the $1 billion. Just put it in perspective.
Don Kimble: Yes. I would say that up double-digits and Mike, just to put it in perspective, I think earlier someone mentioned that fee income was up in IBND fee. So I think number was $155 million for the second quarter, I think that those general ranges are consistent with a kind of a double-digit increase from where we are in the first quarter.
Don Kimble: One, the walk forward that I provided just that’s a component getting back to that level, we also believe there is growth for the business and growth for other areas in the business. But as far as our confidence, as Beth said in her comments that pipelines are all very strong. And we do have record levels of pipelines in M&A and some of those M&A transactions were part of those that were delayed out of first quarter. And so we have good insight or sight line into the near-term there. But more importantly, if you look at the last 30 to 40 days, our activity levels, our calling efforts, they’ve all stepped up and so that’s fitting the table nicely for not just the current period but long-term type of growth in opportunities for us in this category.
Don Kimble: Our expense range is based on the assumption that we are inside our revenue targets as far as both fee income and net interest income. And if we see weakness in those categories, we do expect to see our expenses come down appropriately. And as – we’ve mentioned many of the fee categories that have some variability to them are more capital markets related. And there is a high variability that the expense associated with that as well.
Don Kimble: Yeah, that, I would say that last year Laurel Road originated about $1.2 billion in production. And so we do believe that they can continue to grow their core, and we’ll just continue to operate their business. We also think there are synergies like combining with Key, and we have a number of customers that really overlap well with that medical professional field. And so we think there is additional products that we can distribute through that platform as well. Keep in mind too that some of those loans are going to be balance sheet and some could be sold in the markets like the mortgage production. And so we’ll see it come through on both the loans and the fee income. But I’d say the $1.2 billion in production is a good starting point.
Don Kimble: Marty, the math I guess, is in line. If you just take a look at what our investment banking debt placement fees line item was versus a year ago. That’s a $33 million decline. You also take in consideration the other capital markets revenues were impacted whether it was corporate services income or the markets impact as far as there’s principal investing losses. And so those are all meaningful as far as the impact and constraints on our revenues. On the expense side, to your point, capital markets revenues, there tends to be about a 30% correlation to the expense. And so for that $33 million and reduced IBND fees that would be about a $10 million incentive attached to it. So if you worked through all the math, it probably – for those three areas, it probably would be in that $0.02 or $0.03 range compared to what we would have generally expected in more normal market environments.
Don Kimble: Our objective is to have capital to support organic growth, and so we do expect that we’re – we’ve got a lot of business activities that would result in growth for us. Based on the commercial side, we continue to see nice growth in commercial lending activities over the last five or six years and so that’s been a source of strength for us. We also believe that the Laurel Road should add additional volumes to our balance sheet. And so we want to make sure that we have the capital there to support that and that’s our priority. To your point as well, on the investment portfolio that, we would expect to see that stay relatively stable. And so we think that our loan growth will be funded by our deposit growth but maintain that and more the same level and so we think that it should translate to core earnings growth for us with those types of assumptions.
Don Kimble: Sure. That, as far as the stability one we would expect loan fees to pick up again to more normal levels and that costs us again 2 basis points this quarter and so that should be in add. We also think that the reinvestment of our bond portfolio, that this past quarter we had about $900 million of cash flow off that, we think that cash flow will continue. And we should have 70 basis points or thereabouts improvement from the reinvestment there, which will be helpful. The third piece will be helpful for us, too. As you might recall that we had some swaps that were terminated last year. And those swaps are those that matured through 2019. In the first quarter that had a negative impact as far as the amortization of the impact of that of about $14 million. And that won’t go away throughout the rest of the year. And so from the first quarter to the second quarter, you’ll see that amount drop from $14 million to roughly $6 million, so an $8 million pickup there. Now offsetting that, we would expect to see deposit rate continued to drift up a little bit and probably mid-single digits here in the second quarter, but probably low single-digits after that. And that’s really the result of our customers continuing to migrate into more interest-bearing type of product as from where they’ve been historically in. So you’ve seen the consumer opt for more time deposits and seen more shifts out of the noninterest-bearing DVA into interest-bearing DVA and things like that. And so, we think all those combine allow us to keep that margin relatively stable going forward.
Chris Gorman: Erika, it’s Chris. Good morning. Well, first of all, let me acknowledge that clearly the first quarter was not the first quarter we expected from a perspective of investment banking and debt placement fees. As it relates to the timing, as we look forward, none of the deals that were pushed out have been lost. So then it’s a question of when are they actually captured? And we’re off to a very good start here in the beginning of the second quarter. So we feel good about the trajectory and what really gives us, and I think both Beth and Don mentioned this, what gives us really the most comfort is kind of across the boards we have pipelines that our elevated from this time last year. And specifically, Erika, with respect to our advisory pipeline, our M&A business, it’s a record. So those are kind of some of the things that give us confidence as we go forward.
Chris Gorman: Yes, so Steve, good morning first of all. So as you know, we have a bunch of line items that impact our investment banking and debt placement fees. It isn’t always a particularly perfect correlation between what we have in terms of held for sale and what’s coming out of the pipeline. I mean, we’re talking about 10% increase quarter-over-quarter in noninterest income. I think the big line items where you’re going to see changes are trust and investment services. We talked about the fact we had insurance there before. Investment banking, you also see – you also will see pickup in corporate services income, which is derivates in FX, which is tied to transactions. The other thing to mention is obviously M&A never makes its way into the line item that you referenced.
Chris Gorman: Thanks for your question Mike. I mean, if you go back and it’s still very true today for people to compete with us, they have to be focused on companies that are in the middle market, companies that need the full breadth of an integrated model and that are within our industry groups. And there’s always competition and we have great respect for our competition. But the reality is, in terms of on any given opportunity, the team showing up and being able to check all those boxes, we very much like our chances when we’re out there competing. So one, we continue to grow the business, we’ve successfully integrated both Pacific Crest Securities and now Cain Brothers, which is kind of tricky when you successfully integrate boutiques. No question there’s competition, but we really like where we’re positioned in the market and as we said, we expect to continue to grow that business. The other thing that we mentioned at our Investor Day that I think is really important is the nature of the repeat revenues. So we’ve been able to build a business where 50% of our customers do something strategic every three years or so. And I think that’s really important, and Mike, what’s going on right now with frankly the slowing growth in general in the economy, but really healthy balance sheets is, we’re having a lot of strategic discussions both with our clients and with our prospects.
Chris Gorman: So we will keep growing our business in a very targeted way. We talked about focus scale that day, in October, we will continue to go about the business in doing that. The real secret to serving these middle market companies is really the coordination of all the pieces and parts, whether it’s the balance sheet, the advisory, the hedging, the operating accounts and that’s not easy to replicate, I’m not saying it can’t be replicated, but the reality is, that’s a tough business model to replicate as it relates to the broader middle market.
Marty Mosby: And then that is such a key to see that come back next quarter. So we’ve been through that discussion a lot. It has at least shown that trend to come back in the second quarter anyway and especially if there were some delays, you might be able to see that. But if you kind of now connect that and the need to make sure that you’re hitting these targets, there is still an opportunity, you’ve been doing a great job moving your investment portfolio yields higher. And with what you saw with the template and a sense of what you could give back in dividends and share repurchase, you could actually take that difference so to say we rebought, repurchased $1.2 billion last year, this year we’re going to repurchase around $I billion. Take that $200 million, actually invested and accelerating the pickup, that 50 to 75 basis point difference between what’s going to mature in the next couple of years and where the market is to actually pick up a significant amount of earnings. So you have excess capital, this is capital you would actually re-earn over the next couple of years and it would have to actually give you a little bit of a backdrop to help soften some of this reliance just on this one thing coming back. So just wanted to see what kind of potential you might have, given the excess capital you have that might not go through the template, but could be used in a different area.
Marty Mosby: And we’re not asking about – talking about increasing the portfolio as much as it just getting the existing size up to the current market rate. So you could take that and you could even be smaller in size, if you want to fund more loans and still get that benefit from the point of liquidity. But getting that portfolio rate that still believes 2.5% up towards where market rates are today, like you said that front book that you can accelerate that. And that acceleration would help you kind of step into some of this weakness and offset the need to see such a stepwise leg up. And then Beth, what I wanted to kind of get you to respond to was, when we talked to investors, I mean the biggest issue that comes back was the valuation for KeyCorp just kind of stands out amongst the large cap banks, is really about management and how people can kind of rely on and it even had some of the questions with the guidance you’ve given is, can we really believe this? This next step up is going to be critical for you to be able to accomplish, given I think that suspicion or doubt that’s still lingering from whatever people felt because of the acquisition announcement a couple of years ago. So I think addressing that and kind of talking about where you believe and how you feel, confident in how you’re going to accomplish this year end goals because year-end goals really haven’t changed very much. So we’re really being asked to believe in the back half of the year offsetting the weakness that we’re seeing in this particular quarter. So just wanted to see if you could address some of those concerns that we hear consistently.
Marty Mosby: Thanks for your willingness to answer that. Very good and that step forward on revenues Don was very helpful. Thanks.
