Jeffrey Weeden: Brian, this is Jeff Weeden. With respect to the margin, we still have some additional runway that will help us here into the third quarter, obviously, because of the repricing that happened in the second quarter of the CD book. Most of that benefit doesn't hit until the third quarter. And of the $2.8 billion that I mentioned, that's repricing in the third quarter, the majority of that benefit, of course, will not hit until the fourth quarter of this year. So while not giving specifics on the question with respect to the 350 margin, we will see improvement. And we expect to see improvement here in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter. But of course, to get much expansion beyond and on up significantly, it will require an additional change in the overall rate environment. Currently, with the company's position, we're approximately 4% asset-sensitive. So as we look out into the future, we're positioned for higher rates but not in the foreseeable, what I call the foreseeable future. As a result, we added to the Investment portfolio in the second quarter. You can see the average balance for the quarter was about $17.3 billion, and the ending balance for the quarter was closer to $19.8 billion on the Investment portfolio. We are keeping the Investment portfolio relatively short in buying securities basically in the two and a half year duration. And we stay also for quality. Fannie, Freddie and Ginnie, CMO packs are sequentials. So I think before we're going to see expansion in the margin above that 350 range, we are going to have to see some loan demand coming back into play. We are working very hard in the field to garner that business at this particular point in time. And I'm sure that Beth and Chris will comment on that later. The Investment portfolio though is something that is there to serve as a reservoir, if you will, for when the loan demand does come back. So it's very difficult for me to tell you the exact level of the Investment portfolio. But we will maintain higher levels in the Investment portfolio than we historically have in the past just because the environment has in fact changed.
Jeffrey Weeden: Craig, this Jeff Weeden. We've talked about the fact that the portfolio will probably go down about $500 million a quarter. It was actually $600 million in the second quarter. We've got various buckets here. There's two buckets that are a longer duration. Within the commercial lease finance, there's about $2.4 billion. There's $1.1 billion of that are the LILO/SILOs, and those will go out for 10 years. So that's a very slow piece of that. And the other part of the equation that's a little bit slower is also the Marine. Now Marine typically picks up in the second quarter and the third quarter each year with the improvement in the weather and people get out boating, et cetera, but that's also a much longer-duration portfolio. So the other books continue, I think, to pay down. The Residential Properties was down $90 million approximately in the second quarter. And so that's really where we're going to see pay downs are going to continue probably at about a $500 million a quarter plus or minus a little bit. And so this -- until we get down to those last two big portfolios that are there.
Jeffrey Weeden: It's always possible because we're seeing high levels of deposits and liquidity. And I think one of the things, too, that -- as Chris was kind of talking about, the availability of people being able to buy and get whatever resources they need, they're able to do that with a lot of their cash. I think in terms of what was announced by our report, I think that came out from the Fed a week ago, the amount of cash that businesses have right now is extremely high. And we see that in our deposit accounts. Whether we get to an 80% loan-to-deposit ratio or not, I can't predict that at this particular point in time. I think what we are doing is continuing to reprice our deposits and basically our inventory, and continue to be on the outlook for signs of an uptick in loan demand here in the future.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, this is Jeff Weeden. Chuck Hyle will comment on the OREO book in just a minute. But I can tell you that there's a slide in the earnings release, and I believe it is on Page 25 of the press release, it provides the activities that go through ORE during the course of the quarter. So we did have some marks that we took in the quarter, valuation adjustments of approximately $24 million. But we were also able to sell some of the property during the quarter that we realized an overall gain on some of the properties that sold. So we think we have a mark fairly close to value. Some properties we're selling at a profit. Some of the others we're continuing to mark until we can clear the market and keep those properties moved. We have a tendency to try to move as much ORE during the course of the time period that we can. And a lot more of it, of course, that's coming in now is less of the residential side and is more on the income side of the equation. But I think that's a good summary that's provided on Page 25. And in my comments, I commented about, in total, all of our other nonperforming assets, whether it's ORE or other nonperforming loans or loans held for sale that are in nonperforming category, are carried at approximately 56% of their original face values.
Jeffrey Weeden: Terry, this is Jeff Weeden. The level of -- we made the comment. We actually expect net charge-offs and nonperformers to continue to trend down. When we say they remain elevated, they remain elevated from a historical perspective, but we are seeing improvement. Credit improved overall and the trends in credit, we believe, are going to continue to show improvement, even though we put in a caveat in there unless there's a substantial reduction or turnaround in the overall economic activities. So we do expect it'll improve. We do expect that charge-offs will exceed provision levels for the balance of this year, also.
Jeffrey Weeden: Gerard, we put the investment securities on going back to the May and then more in June time period. And so, when we were putting on securities at that time, basically they're going to average about 2.8% to 2.9%, somewhere in that particular range for the quarter.
Jeffrey Weeden: Well, it's going to be dependent upon cash flow. So to the extent we have loans that continue to pay down and we have good deposit flows, we're going to make investment decisions on that cash. So we're much better off to have it invested in high-quality securities, particularly with the outlook that rates will remain low here for an extended time period.
Jeffrey Weeden: Gerard, this is Jeff Weeden. I think in terms of our Keyvolution initiatives are ongoing, and we still have a number of things that are taking place there. Part of our objective is to become more variable in nature in some of our costs, so we adjust faster to the changes in the underlying loan demand and the changes in the market conditions as a whole. We are still focused on expenses. And we have to remain focused on expenses. And I think you pointed out our efficiency ratio is high. What we have to do is also grow the revenue side of the equation. We need to see some additional margin expansion. We have to continue to go out and attack the market also for noninterest revenue. On the expense side, I think if we have loans remaining very soft and trending down, we're going to have to look at what are the measures that we can do on the expenses. But it's not something -- it's all part and parcel to our Keyvolution initiatives that are taking place. So it's not like "a new program" that would be introduced.
Henry Meyer: Gerard, this is Henry. We also went into the earlier part of this year with a much larger liquidity cushion in terms of Fed funds sold or Fed funds at the Federal Reserve. We've reduced that to a level now that we think continues to put us in a solid position, but a much smaller cushion. And we sopped up, if that's the right term, that excess liquidity. Instead of earning 25 basis points, we've gone into these shorter maturity investments. So we won't have that pick-up again in terms of the Investment portfolio. It will then fall back to, as Jeff said, the liquidity that we get through the deposit side or loss on the asset side and loans.
Henry Meyer: I would also say, this is Henry, that we're at about $200 million in run rate saves for Keyvolution, on our way to $300 million to $375 million. So past the 50% range, but still with significant opportunity ahead of us. We've identified those. This isn't a wish list. It's a matter of getting in the position to realize those savings. So there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us. And as we've said earlier, it really isn't until early 2012 that we're targeted to get that full 300-plus million dollar run rate from Keyvolution. So it isn't like we've stalled. We're still on track, and we've got a good runway in terms of identified and yet-to-be-implemented efficiencies. We're not shooting for a high-40, low-50. Our business mix has some businesses that are just inherently less efficient in terms of how the costs flow through our P&L.
Henry Meyer: Well, I'm with you 100% except for indefinitely impaired. My crystal ball isn't that good. But I have been involved with Beth in some meetings with our clients, a whole series of meetings. And while they're optimistic, and really recently we saw more optimism about their profitability, but when asked the question, "Are you going to add employees," there was no pause. The answer was "No." They're using some temps. But they're really going to wait until there isn't the uncertainty in the economy. And when we ask them about borrowing in terms of property, plant equipment and expansion, the answer was, "We have a lot of capacity. We're more productive than we have ever been, and we're going to continue to use that leverage as opposed to adding more debt." So I think it's going to take a lot more confidence, which we'll be able to see through various metrics, before companies and individuals are going to borrow the way they did as we built into the -- as we built up to the financial crisis. So I think it is going to be longer, Gerard. I don't know whether it's permanent. But I think some companies clearly are thinking differently about their liquidity and about their leverage.
Henry Meyer: Thank you, operator. Again, we thank you for taking the time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vernon Patterson or Chris Sikora, at (216) 689-4221. That concludes our remarks. And thank you again for participating.
