Donald R. Kimble: Steve, this is Don. And as far as our cost save projection, you are right. $171 million is probably earlier than what we would have initially expected. We are very focused on delivering against our plan. I think that it's important to note that even once we achieve this, this is more of a milestone as opposed to the endgame. And we do believe that once we implement our initiatives to achieve the $200 million, we'll continue to be looking for additional opportunities to improve the overall efficiency of the company.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. The reason for the lower amount of gain is that throughout any sale of an asset manager, there is a consent process that occurs. And during the time period, the customers have the ability to consent to the transfer or not. We have seen greater attrition from that process than what we would have expected, which is resulting in a lower gain for us. Our expectation is the transaction will close here in the third quarter, and then we can initiate share repurchases once the transaction's closed equivalent to the cash portion of the gain.
Donald R. Kimble: A couple of minor tweaks. One is that the $112 million did include some share repurchases associated with some employee benefit plans. And so the net number for the current quarter was about $103 million. And so that would be the portion that will be tied up against the $426 million of total purchases. Generally, it is fairly consistent throughout the 4 quarters. The timing of the Victory purchase would probably be more accelerated than spread out throughout the rest of the year.
Donald R. Kimble: Good clarification question, that is our guidance would be more equivalent to the charge-off level so that we will not be anticipating changes and provision being significantly different than charge-offs.
Donald R. Kimble: Erika, this is Don. And as far as the outlook into '14, we really haven't provided guidance out into that range yet. But I would suggest that we are going to continue to focus on efficiency improvements beyond achievement of the $200 million. And we would expect to be able to utilize some of those savings for further investments in the business to drive growth. And so as we start to wrap up our outlook for next year, we'll provide more guidance on that.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the assumption, it's a 200 basis point increase over the 12-month period on a consistent basis across the curve as opposed to one and/or the other. And as far as deposit compression, we do have assumptions as far as the level of participation in our deposit rates going up in this rate environment. I would suggest that we believe that the market will probably underperform that, meaning that the rates will probably go up on the deposit side slower than what we generally think our models would include.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. Our model would assume, at this point in time, keeping spreads in a general same range as what we're seeing today, which is probably about 25 basis points lower than what we were seeing a year ago. So we have not anticipated further compression beyond that at this point.
Donald R. Kimble: We do, on an ongoing basis, evaluate our share repurchase activity based on price and overall return. But I would say at this point that we still believe it's appropriate for us to continue to purchase Key shares and are very excited about the opportunity to deploy capital in that way.
Donald R. Kimble: Mike, this is Don. They really did not add a whole lot to the closing of that initial phase as late in June. So we'd see more of the benefit from that going into the third quarter.
Donald R. Kimble: Now that we've provided much detail there that again, it's going to be both in the form of deposits and also some fee income. And we would not provide any additional clarity there.
Donald R. Kimble: I sure can. No, as we've said, we were down 11 basis points this quarter, but 5 of that came from excess liquidity. And also 2 basis points came from reduction of our swaps. And so we don't believe that either one of those will be negative nearly to the same extent that we experienced this quarter. As far as loan yields, they were down 6 basis points in the current quarter. About 2 basis points of that was related to loan fees, which tend to be a little difficult to predict as far as the timing of those. And so normal core loan yields were down about 4 bps. Then we would expect the deposit repricing to add about 2 basis points back to the margin as we see some of those higher-cost CDs mature. And so the net of those, of the 4 basis point decline in the earning assets and the 2 basis point improvement in the cost of funds is really how we get to that 1 to 3 basis point outlook per quarter going forward.
Donald R. Kimble: Mike, this is Don. And you're right, this is my first call. It's day 45 today, so still learning as we go here. But I think the approach that we're using here is very appropriate, that we are keenly focused on driving positive operating leverage and driving improved efficiency for the company. As far as how I think that we're going to see that improvement efficiency come through, it's really from 4 levers. One is executing against our existing plan and making sure that we deliver that to the bottom line. And then from that point forward, showing a continued discipline to make sure that we remain focused on additional efficiency improvements, not necessarily having stated targets of $200 million here or $150 million there, but driving this is as a part of the core culture of the organization. Second, we need to get more productivity from our existing resources. And that's both people and also our distribution and technology. And so that will help drive some of the efficiency for us as well. Right now, our third item is our balance sheet efficiency. We're at 84% loan-to-deposit ratio. That is a real drag on us as far as the overall efficiency ratio and margin. And we need to see improvement in that going forward. And some of that improvement will come from the additional productivity I just talked about. And the fourth component is interest rates. Just like every other bank in the country, these low rates are painful as it relates to our margin and also our efficiency ratio. And when we think that returning to more normal rates will drive our efficiency ratio down somewhere between 300 and 400 basis points. And so that will be a big plus for us. So this isn't an endgame as far as our $200 million of cost saves. It's just the start of a foundation, and the team around here is very focused on delivering it. We have weekly meetings, and it doesn't go by without each of those meetings talking about some of the initiatives that we're taking on and the success that we are as far as executing against it. And contrary to what you said, I would believe that we are showing this drop to the bottom line. In the second quarter, what we've demonstrated that we got a $45 million improvement in expenses year-over-year backing up the impact of our acquisitions and these onetime cost. So that, on an annualized basis, was $180 million. And that's real money for us. And we think that we will deliver existing future improvement from that as well.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. We had, as of the end of the first quarter, about $20 billion in interest rate swaps. About $15 billion of that was related to our asset liability management. That dropped by $4.4 billion this quarter. And so as far as those that are usually -- are used to hedge our loan book, it's down to about $11 billion. The average life of that is 2.3 years. And for that $11 billion to come off the balance sheet, it would probably take that 2.5% asset sensitivity all the way up to about 8% would be my best guess. So it's a meaningful impact to overall asset sensitivity.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Marty, this is Don. And as far as the asset sensitivity on an organic basis, our balance sheet will migrate to much more asset-sensitive over time. We do believe that we're going to be conservative in how we position the balance sheet. That if you would've asked me 3 years ago where rates were going, they were going nowhere but up. And I've been wrong since then. So I don't like taking big bets. But we could see that asset sensitivity drift up a little bit. Our expectation is over the next, say, 18 months, we would start to see some of the short end of the curve maybe move up as well. And so we'd like to be in a position to better benefit from that. I think that the one advantage that we do have is given the relative size of that swap portfolio, we have the ability to shift our asset sensitivity much quicker than many of our peers. And so we think that we have a lever there that we can pull to be much more responsive to that overall effort. Keep in mind too that, that swap book has a fairly short life. And our investment portfolio is fairly short in duration as well, but it's at 3.2 years even with rates going up. And so we intentionally manage the balance sheet so that we can capture the benefit of those rate increases fairly quickly.
Donald R. Kimble: Sure, Gerard. And I think that we do have one piece of the puzzle has been solved for us with the new rules. I would say that, that's only one component. So we really haven't stated what our objectives are as far as long-term capital position publicly. One of the other variables that does impact that is the stress test. And I think the stress test will probably result in larger buffers than what's publicly stated as part of Basel III. And so we just need to make sure that we continue to understand what the impact is there and what level of capital that we feel comfortable operating at beyond that. I will tell you that we all believe that our capital position is very strong and with the position that it's in at this point, that we do have the ability to continue to return levels of earnings to the shareholders that are probably in excess of our peers just because we do believe that we're operating from a position of strength at this point.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. We will disclose at some point in time more guidance. But I don't know -- I wouldn't want to project the timing of that at this point.
Donald R. Kimble: My understanding, and I haven't reviewed this since I've been here, but my understanding is that the non-objection relates to a cash dividend component and then also to a share buyback and that the share buyback cannot be substituted for a onetime cash dividend.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. With our 80% combined payout, if you look at the total payout compared to the Street consensus at the time that the CCAR was announced, that should translate to us continuing to leverage our capital position. You can see in the last quarter that we did see slight declines in some of our capital ratios. And it would be difficult for me to speculate what might be available to us under CCAR 2014. So I'll go silent at this point.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, Alan, we haven't hired on the special servicing side per se, but we clearly have ramped up on our real estate investment banking side over the last several years, including hiring people that are experts in raising private capital. In the real estate business, it's often called JVs. But we have a whole team of people that raise noncontrolled junior capital for developers. So the answer is yes.
Donald R. Kimble: That transaction was not unique. It was basically terminating swaps early. And then you can go back in and enter into new swaps over a longer duration. So we did terminate some swaps early this quarter. That of the $4.4 billion, I believe $2.5 billion were early terminations or thereabouts. And we decided not to go back in and enter into new swaps. And so we allow the asset sensitivity to increase as a result of that. And by being more proactive, I think it's much easier for us to reposition our asset sensitivity by managing the overall swap book than it is for any other asset class on the balance sheet. So for instance, you can get more asset-sensitive by selling out of your investment portfolio. But that will result in a gain or loss on the security. And then you have to figure out what to do with those proceeds. On the swaps, you can just go ahead and terminate those, and that automatically switches your balance sheet to being more asset-sensitive. And so that's why I think that we're fortunate here in the way that Key has positioned its overall balance sheet and interest rate position to be able to leverage that swap book a little bit more disproportionately than many of our peers might be able to.
Donald R. Kimble: Brian, I hope you have somebody with a better crystal ball than I do at this point because I think that we do believe that rates are going to go up at some point in time. But right now, I wouldn't see that occurring in '13 on the short end of the curve or even the first half of '14. And that will be my personal expectation, but we'll wait and see how things play out here over the next couple quarters.
Donald R. Kimble: The assumption is modest. What we did say in the call was that we expected loan growth to exceed deposit growth. And so there would be some implication there that we would see some of that liquidity being used but that we're not reliant solely on that.
Donald R. Kimble: That $20 million is really more a reflection of what our fourth quarter forecast would have shown, but it wouldn't be out of line for third quarter as well.
Beth E. Mooney: Erika, this is Beth Mooney. I would just add that as we have -- are obviously closing in on that $200 million target, which we have done at a quicker pace than I think we would have anticipated a year ago with a lot of focus and energy by our teams. We've been intentional in talking about efficiency ratio because I think that's important that you recognize that we are focused on what we can do to both drive revenue, as well as lower our cost and variabilize our cost base and also focus on including [ph] an operating leverage through these investments, the strategic things we do within our businesses.
Beth E. Mooney: And Josh, this is Beth Mooney. I would just underscore that I continue to believe even at these prices, our shares are an attractive purchase and return of capital to our shareholders.
Beth E. Mooney: Well, Todd, as you've seen, I think we have done a variety of things to both invest in our businesses as well as make sure we're supporting our organic growth to acquire and deepen client relationship. This particular acquisition I do think both brings in stable funding, as Chris outlined, about $1 billion of incremental deposits. It is a market where scale matters. And moving to #3 servicer, we think, puts us in a position to be in good stead for whatever activity is out there in the CMBS market in terms of new issuance, as well as fee income out of special servicing. And as we look at Victory, it did not align with our relationship strategy. We continue to think strategically that it is a good move and that Key was not the best owner for that asset. And they'll look forward to doing a lot of things of the gain proceeds, particularly the cash portion we expect to realize in the quarter to return that capital to our shareholders.
Beth E. Mooney: Yes, Marty, this is Beth. As you've correctly noted, part of what we committed when we unveiled this a year ago was that our intent was to be within a near term target of 65% on our efficiency ratio, and that we would achieve that target by the first quarter of 2014. As the time in the intervening quarters has played out, we have realized our expense savings faster than we would have thought a year ago. And I think you're seeing evidence of that as we are now already at the upper end of that 60% to 65%. As we go into next year and we finalize our plans, and as Don said, we are instituting this notion of continuous improvement and the cultural change in terms of how we drive not only our cost structure but our productivity. Those are the sorts of things that will drive further improvement within that range. So I would tell you that with revenue momentum, with productivity, with cost efficiencies, we are very much top of mind that 60% to 65% is a near term target and that we believe clearly, obviously, we're on a path to meet our commitment of being there by the first quarter of 2014.
Beth E. Mooney: Well, Gerard, I'm going to also let Don augment my answer here. I will tell you that clearly at 10.8 is our estimate, if you were to phase in the Basel III rules as they've been released, we well exceed the 7% floor, as well as any SIFI buffer that would be appropriate. I think we've always talked about our capital as both currently having an opportunity to continue to return to our shareholders what is more than needed even with a phase-in of the rules. But we would also talk in terms that we would also always want to have our own operating buffer for a variety of reasons as well. So we are well positioned. I think Key is -- continues to be purely [ph] in its capital levels, which includes a lot of flexibility for us in the future as we go through our plans. But I'm going to let Don talk a little more about his thought into the ranges.
Beth E. Mooney: And Gerard, I would just add, as you know that [indiscernible] there usually is more insight into what will create acceptable plans. And it's really too soon to have any visibility into that.
Beth E. Mooney: Special servicing drives fee income so that you get paid for the various activities. So it is an interesting book to continue to build special servicing rights.
Beth E. Mooney: And Alan, I would just add, one of the things, as we look at these various things, they create opportunity for us to leverage what we think is a very distinctive platform. So we have the capacity to do a number of these things without necessarily having to increase headcount as it goes back to this notion of how to think about efficiency that Don outlined, that it's not just efficiency in cost, but it's efficiency of your balance sheet and efficiency of your platform that we can put more throughput in it.
Beth E. Mooney: Terry, I'll also let Bill Koehler, the President of our Community Bank, add to some of my comments. But as it relates to branch closures, based on what we have accomplished and will through the balance of the year, it will be about a 7% of our branches. And what we've identified in these branches tend to be low profitability, low traffic count. And as we have closed and/or consolidated and many of them are near another branch of service, we have experienced very little attrition, well below what we would have expected when we modeled this a year ago. So it does give us confidence that -- and as we rationalize both our ATM natural net ranges that this could be done in a way that is helpful to our cost initiatives, our efficiency, without material client impact. And then with that, I'm going to let Bill Koehler just give a couple headlines about what was done in the broader Community Bank alignment, where both will make us more efficient, more productive and more focused.
Beth E. Mooney: Ryan, this is Beth. We've always said that I think our capital priority has been fully stated, that our capital is and does create advantage and opportunity for us. It's obviously been able to support our organic growth platform, it has been able to [indiscernible] dividend and share repurchase in order to return capital to our shareholders. And then it also creates and has been able to assist us as we've opportunistically over the last year or so done a variety of acquisitions to augment product capabilities, add to geographies and definitely [ph] create our scale and presence in the commercial servicing markets. But with that, I think this is another crystal ball question as to when M&A will actually and actively pick up. I think as we have gone through the last couple years, it has been a pretty muted market and most transactions have been for very particular reasons. We have said that with our geographic franchise as well as our differentiated platforms that we could be opportunistic and would evaluate if things are additive to our business model, if they are additive to our client relationship philosophy and that they are good for our shareholders. So as this, too, unrolls and unveils, know that we would be opportunistic. But I've also always said very, very disciplined that it has to fit our business model to be good for our shareholders.
Beth E. Mooney: Thank you, operator. And again, thank you, all, for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, Vern Patterson or Kelly Dillon at (216) 689-3133. That concludes our remarks. And thank you, operator.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Sure. Jennifer, this is Chris Gorman speaking. What we're seeing on the part of our clients is they're cautious. Their businesses are performing well, but one of the -- I think one of the real telling points of the cautiousness is we're not seeing really a pickup in utilization, but we continue to see, for example, very strong deposit growth, which I think is kind of one of the things I would point to. The cautiousness, obviously, relates around just some of the uncertainty, the 1-or-so percent GDP growth that we're seeing. So I think they're fairly cautious, but at the same point, I think they're all performing fairly well. So that's what we're seeing from our clients.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Josh, this is Chris Gorman speaking. I think all the things I just mentioned, I think, clearly impact our customers. The other thing about our business model that impacts our loan growth is we, depending on what the market is, we have competition not only from other banks that are very competitive from a perspective of price, structure, tenor, limits, but we also have competition from other capital sources. So for example, in our real estate business in the first half of the year, we raised a total of $18 billion of capital, but very little of that actually hit our balance sheet because we were placing that capital elsewhere acting as agent not as principal. Now the interesting thing that could happen is we get these changes in interest rates when you think about the steepness of the curve and you think about what's going on with interest rates. Some of that, as we go forward, some of our clients may elect the best option may be to put it on our balance sheet going forward. So there's really a lot of puts and takes. There's been a ton of liquidity just across all markets. And when it's right and it fits our moderate risk profile, we clearly are putting it on the books. But other times, we're actually looking for other people to provide other types of securities.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Todd, it's Chris. Let me give you kind of an overview. As Beth mentioned in her initial remarks, this was a very important acquisition for us because it made us the #3 servicer of CMBS, but it also made us the #5 special servicer. And as we think through the cycle and you think to the next real estate cycle, we initially actually thought we would be named special servicer on 47 billion. As it's turned out, because there are a lot of moving pieces, we're actually named special servicer on 52.4 billion. In terms of the conversion, it's right on target. We converted the first 3,900 loans on the 24th of June, and we picked up about $700 million in deposit. So we did give some clarity on that. We also, this weekend, will convert another batch of loans that will represent $300 million in deposits. We've never given a lot of numbers around it. One of the things I will share with you though is you can imagine what the change in interest rates if you look at the MSRs. While we liked the deal initially, kind of the 2 things that have happened to the positive is, a, we're executing on time. And the next, the other thing is we have a little -- we have more in terms of special servicing. And lastly, with the change in interest rates, obviously, that has an impact on the value of the MSRs.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: Yes. Bryan, as we look at it, the investment banking pipeline, as we look year-over-year, is stronger than it was at this time a year ago. So assuming -- what's interesting about our business model is when all the markets are working perfectly, it's not as -- it's harder for us than when you get some volatility as we've had in this market, because our business model enables us to go from one type of financing to the other. So -- and then, of course, we go to market with senior-level people talking to these middle-market companies. So our pipelines are up from a year ago. And actually, some of the turbulence that we've experienced in the market since the beginning of May is actually in many ways helpful to us.
Christopher Marrott Gorman: So, Alan, it's Chris. There's -- we have -- there is an opportunity when you service loans to convert some of those into borrowing customers. Candidly, in the past, we have not been real successful in doing that. Basically, the economics stand on their own in terms of servicing rights. Well, I think the more interesting opportunity is this whole notion of this big pool where we're named special servicer. And as named special servicer, these will be loans that need to be restructured, Alan, where we don't have any capital, but we can be the solution to the problem without having any exposure to it. That, I think, is even a better -- a more interesting opportunity as we look forward.
William R. Koehler: Okay. Jennifer, this is Bill Koehler. The only thing I would add to that, as you can imagine in the Community Bank where we're focusing on smaller companies, they feel a little more susceptible to potential changes in Affordable Care Act, any lingering effects from sequestration because their businesses just aren't as broad and diversified as some of the larger corporate kinds we have. So you can imagine that they are very careful about how they're choosing to invest right now.
William R. Koehler: Josh, I would only add -- this is Bill. If you look at the economic data, it's been relatively volatile month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter in terms of inventory build or inventory drawdown. If you look at rates, the comments that have come out by the Fed and the impact that has on rates, that only creates uncertainty in the market that our clients are reacting to and trying to figure out how to invest against.
William R. Koehler: Terry, this is Bill. The realignment was really focused around 2 things. Obviously efficiency, but more importantly, putting our teams in a better position to drive revenue growth through more focused execution of better defined strategies. So to the -- so part of that related to creating one fully integrated national consumer franchise where we could focus our teams on more consistent sales execution throughout the platform. And we think there's an opportunity to grow revenue there. And the second was around refining our go-to-market strategies and value proposition with respect to little market business banking and private banking. And there, it's very much about identifying those clients who tend to typically be privately owned businesses, their owners, their employees, and finding ways to target our broad capabilities in a more relevant way to those clients to drive better growth.
