Clark Khayat: Sure. Thanks, Peter, and appreciate the question. I know this is a point of interest. So let me provide a little bit of context to the guide and the trajectory and hopefully it will be helpful. I think first maybe just start with the puts and takes, which I think is the nature of your question there. And I'm going to just categorize sort of the big movers. I think, one, loan balances, which again we guided kind of down 5% to 7% for the year. Asset yields, I'm going to separate those from the swaps and treasuries, because I just want to identify those separately. Deposit balances, deposit pricing and funding costs and then the swaps and treasury portfolio. So, if you think about those as kind of five key levers on the guide. If I go full-year '23 to full-year '24, which we've said down 2% to 5%. The headwinds there are going to be the loan book, so down 5% to 7%. Obviously, that's going to impact NII, deposits flat to down is a little bit of drag. Earning asset yields will drop year-over-year as rates get cut. And then deposit and funding costs will be up for the year as that fourth quarter kind of annualized number rolls through. So those are the headwinds. What we have coming our way is the swaps in the treasury portfolio as they mature throughout the year. And then a better funding mix as we move through and become more and more reliant on deposits as we have this year. So that sort of dimensionalizes what that year-over-year look shakes out to be. If you take the fourth quarter of '23 annualized and you compare that to the full-year '24, we’re guiding up low-single-digits there. The biggest difference being that that funding cost, that really is pretty flat from fourth quarter through 2024, which it was not the case if you did the year-over-year comparison. And you still get the benefits of swaps and treasuries coming in during the year and a better funding mix. So you start to see that down 2% to 5%, flip to up low-single-digits. We talked a little bit about the first quarter being down, but let me just go fourth quarter to fourth quarter, so I think that exit piece is important. You're going to have deposits down a bit and earning asset that yields down a bit going from fourth quarter of '23 to fourth quarter of '24, but you get a nice pickup in the quarterly swap and treasury portfolio. Our overall funding cost should be down in that quarter as rates have been cut throughout the year. And then again, you still have some benefits of funding mix. And all that together, we think is 10% plus quarter-to-quarter NII growth. So we think that's a nice pickup kind of end of year to end of year. And then as you roll into 2025, you have that last $5 billion tranche of treasuries and swaps maturing in the fourth quarter that accrues to the first quarter of '25. So we start to hit the ground running really nicely with a very steep trajectory as we enter ‘25. So I'll stop there. That was a lot of stuff, but just trying to give you the components that are moving around.
Clark Khayat: So, our guide of 2% to 5% kind of incorporates a couple of different views, kind of the range being the current forward down 6% with the first cut in March, incorporating the lesser cuts on the three Fed dot plots. I think our general view is more aligned to four cuts with the first one middle of the year. But we're trying to provide guidance that I think incorporates all that. And as you know, when those cuts occur and the magnitude of that will roll through to how we manage our deposit pricing obviously.
Clark Khayat: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So, if you just go back and we've talked a little bit about this and it's overly simplistic to be clear. But if we took second, third and fourth quarter of '23 and put the impact of swaps and treasuries back in the margin, we'd be 281 to284 in those quarters, which we think is pretty reflective of what we've got right now and that's with this sort of oddly longstanding downward sloping yield curve. So, I think that range as we get into '25 feels like achievable and I think getting to that longer term three, probably needs us to have a more traditional upward slipping yield curve just that tends to accrue a little bit to all of our benefit on NIM. But I do think that 280 plus is pretty reflective of the underlying core ability of the business as it stands today.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So maybe broadly, John, on the NII guide, we would expect some drift up, particularly in the first quarter on deposit pricing just as rates stay high. As Chris said, when the cuts come, I think a good way to think about that commercial book, as we've talked about the index nature of it, as Chris just referenced, is sort of kind of an almost automatic mid-teens beta on a cut, because of that how that index pulls through. So the question really is going to be what happens to the consumer book and how quickly can we move that. I think a 25 basis point cut with a kind of long waiting period. Does it provide a lot of opportunity to reduce? If we start to see bigger cuts or cut sooner or more rapid cuts that allows us to deploy those price reductions into the book. So right now, as I’ve said, we're really looking at kind of our view is more like the four cuts starting in the middle of the year. We think we'll probably have some stabilization, maybe a little a bit of consumer drift through that time period. And then we'll start to proactively move rates down. But given the timeframe and 2024, hard to say exactly what the beta will be on the way down for the year. But it's really going to pick up in '25. We'll see some benefit in '24, but on the consumer book, it's just going to lag a little bit. And candidly, that's just going to be as much a competitive function of competitive environment as anything else. But we are taking some actions in the consumer book today to prepare for cuts. We're not cutting rates, but preparing our franchise to be ready for that. And I think we'll be very proactive when that opportunity shows up.
Clark Khayat: Yes, I'll come back to you on the increase from third quarter. I don't have that right in front of me. But on your other points, the NPA uptick really is a small list of identified credits, most of which we feel very good about the loss content. So it is a pickup in the ratio, but we don't think that's a loss driver. On criticized, look, that is a function of continued higher rates, putting some stress on what I'd call kind of the first order rating variable around debt service coverage. So that does drive rating migration in our book. That rating migration does pull through to criticized and classified. But when you get underneath that metric and you look at things like clients' willingness to build the interest reserve and the value of the collateral given, we tend to underwrite at 60% or lower CLTVs out of the gate, we just don't see a lot of loss content there.
Clark Khayat: The only other thing I'd add, Manan, is just to reground everybody in the average-to-average move. So 118 billion of average in '23, ending point 112.6 So most of that decline in loans happened last year. We're pulling that through. There may be a little bit more, as we said in the first quarter, maybe into the second quarter, as some of that non-relationship business continues to move out. But we'll see the build back through the course of the year and expect the ending of '24 to be relatively stable with where we exit '23. So we'll see a rebound. And to Chris' point, if there's less softness in the economy and more opportunity, then we'll lean into that opportunity.
Clark Khayat: I think -- look, I think an upward sloping yield curve benefits the business broadly. I'm not as concerned at the moment about four cuts or six cuts as we move through the year, while we're liability sensitive today. As we move through the year and swaps and treasury portfolios burn off, we're going to slightly become more asset-sensitive naturally. So we really want to be neutral and able to operate in any of those environments. But if I had my choice broadly, I think upward sloping yield curve is always a valuable place for us to be in this business.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So thank you, Erika. Good question, as always. So the decline in the first half, again, is the continuation of some actions we took to manage RWAs last year. So again, relationship -- non-relationship and credit-only related clients coming down. We don't have anything factored in at the moment around RWA management related to credit-linked notes. As you and I have talked about before, we're doing our homework to understand those opportunities, but it's not part of the guidance at the moment. Really, it would be that loan reduction, and that will put a little bit of pressure on first quarter, as will the fact that rates remain high in the first quarter under almost any cutting scenario, and we'll have a little bit of beta drift. So that's really the first quarter pressure. But I think your point about kind of a clean balance sheet entering the second half is the right one. And I think, again, we're suggesting kind of a tepid recession kind of mid to late year and if that doesn't come through, and we see a more constructive economic environment, I think there's some opportunity to grow loans. But I do think as we progress through the year, you'll see NIM expand, you'll see NII grow nicely and you'll see the balance sheet, I think, on the right trajectory.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So the second one, Erika, is easy. We've -- I think we've provided that breakout before we'll deliver it. That's not a problem at all. On the first, I think, look, it's a fair point because not all of those commercial deposits are contractually indexed. So, I think that's the right question. There's always a little bit of -- it’s easy to negotiate with the client when you're giving them rate, and it's a little bit harder when you're taking it away. But I would say, our view is while it may not perfectly pull through, we have spent a lot of time with these clients. We've been in front of them, probably more than we would care to admit over the last year, but in a way that I think we have a good understanding of how those dynamics would work. And we expect that the component of what we think is our indexed will come through. And just as a reminder, the -- when we say indexed, it's not all 100% index. So there's a range of that. So bringing a client down is indexed kind of 50% doesn't feel as challenging to negotiate than somebody who's coming down at 100% plus. And so the book is pretty broadly distributed across 20% to 100%, and we're going to actively engage those clients to make sure we can manage the book appropriately.
Clark Khayat: It's a little bit in between, Matt, probably a little more leaning toward the higher number, but we do think if markets kind of fully normalized, we'd see a little bit outside. So, it’s better than the annualized fourth quarter, not quite all the way to what we would think is normal operation.
Clark Khayat: Yes. So, a couple of questions in there, and thank you for acknowledging no normal environment has existed. But the structural piece, I would say, Steve, relative to Key over the last 20 years, but particularly going into the crisis, would be, I think the loan book profile is quite a bit different. So if you think about the quality of the borrowers, the 55% of C&I being investment grade, the structural differences in our CRE portfolio, the largely residential real estate, collateralized kind of super prime consumer, all of those things kind of lean you towards a little bit lower base NII just because of the quality of that portfolio.
Clark Khayat: I mean, yes, card, which we have, but it's highly transactor based versus balance based. Now given that, you would expect credit losses to be better, and we think they will be certainly better than us historically, but you would expect better on a relative basis. And your other question would be, okay, how do you monetize those clients to make sure that you're getting the right returns and getting business on it. We think we do that really well in the commercial business. We think we're doing that better and better as you go down market in commercial with things like payments, and we think we're getting much better on wealth and building the wealth business and the consumer space. So we think we're building those capabilities and have the opportunity to do that. But I do think if you look back over time, there's probably a base structural nature of NII that's a little bit lower, given the quality of the portfolio. And that's very intentional. You've heard Chris talk about that at length. We have been tight on expenses. We've been doing that largely to maintain our ability to invest. And the short answer is hard to predict exactly what we do. I think it's a function of how much expansion do we see, how much investment capacity does that create? And frankly, how much high-quality investments are there in front of us. Our first investments are always going to be good clients and our people. And then in this world, you've got to continue to invest in technology. I actually think on an infrastructure basis, we've done a really good job over that -- on that over the last decade, and we'll continue to do that. But we're going to continue to make sure that we can invest and build the franchise the way we need to, to be competitive.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Scott. Happy to address that. So if you take what we just reported of $136 million specifically on the line you asked about investment banking and debt placement fees, that would annualize at about 5.44. Conversely, if you took sort of the business and removed 2021 and said that's an outlier, the traditional run rate is at least kind of $650 million. So, I think we have been conservative, and that's why we, when we gave guidance, we said non-interest income up 5 plus and then we put the qualifier upside of capital markets activity normalizes. We don't see it really normalizing until the back half of the year. However, it's an interesting phenomenon when the 10-year went above 5% and then came back down. As you can imagine, people started to transact. And so, we're seeing the beginning of it now, but yes, it's a conservative number. The other thing that's in that fee number is, you saw that we had a step down with respect to our derivatives and hedging income. A lot of that is tied to the balance sheet and as we go through 2024 and we get back to growing the balance sheet after going through our exercise on RWAs, you'll see that come back as well.
Chris Gorman: And frankly, all markets are not the same. We're out there experimenting with a few things as we speak.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So, we are about where we need to be in terms of going through our whole portfolio. As we went through and we're looking and focused on RWAs, really was sort of in three buckets, and we actually went account by account. And I've often said that on a risk-adjusted basis, stand-alone credit properly graded can't return its cost of capital. And so we were extremely prescriptive across the entire firm of going through that. On top of that, we exited some businesses like vendor finance that, by the way, is a credit-only business. And then on top of that, there were certain areas where we were conservative in terms of our capital treatment, where we could actually reduce RWAs without, in fact, having any impact on NII. That process is really over. When I say the process is over, we will continue, obviously, to look through our portfolio. But in terms of really seeing the step down in RWAs, as you saw last year, $14 billion, that's behind us. And so as we look forward, Clark talked about sort of the lag from the starting point on loan growth. But as you know, we have the ability to generate loan growth here at Key. We've got a long history of that. We'll be back kind of focused on serving our clients. Now having said that, I personally have a view, everyone is sort of coalesced around the soft landing. I think inflation is still pretty sticky. I think there's a bunch of drivers out there. We're managing the business for a short recession in 2024. And obviously, that goes into our thinking, because if you think about working capital in the context of a shrinking economy, that shrink some loan demand. The other thing that we have to grow through, and this is by design, is we're going to have $3 billion of runoff in our consumer business. I hope that helps kind of on the puts and takes. When there's business to be done from a loan perspective, I'm confident that we can get it.
Chris Gorman: Sure. It's a great question, and it's developing quickly. So principally, they are customers of ours, and let me explain what I mean by that. As you well know, we distribute 80% of the capital we raised. So we are distributing, all the time, a lot of paper to these private debt funds, and it's an important part of our underwrite-to-distribute model. As we've said many times, for banks, a stand-alone properly graded credit can't return its cost of capital. That is not the situation for the private debt funds. They have the benefit of leverage on leverage. We have to be a relationship bank. We have to be able to provide all of the payments capabilities, all of the capital markets capabilities. And that's actually an opportunity for us because I think what you'll see is as these private debt funds continue to grow, they'll need to partner with banks and they'll want to partner with banks that have sophisticated capabilities around things like payments and capital markets, but don't necessarily want to hold on a risk-adjusted basis, paper that doesn't return, it doesn't hurdle. So, I look at it, frankly, as an opportunity for us. I think we're well positioned for that.
Chris Gorman: Well, we don't have a lot of exposure because you'll remember, Gerard, we exited a lot of these what we call gateway cities, probably 5 years ago based on affordability, based on cap rates. But we do have a fair amount of insight in that we have this third-party commercial loan servicing business. And we are the named special servicer on over $200 billion of loans. And in that area, 44% of what's in active special servicing, which is really what's in workout is office. But the fastest-growing segment over the last quarter was, in fact, multifamily in some of these gateway cities. So we're not seeing it in our portfolio because it's not an area of focus, but we are picking it up through for the reconnaissance we get through our third-party commercial loan servicing business. Just one little add-on to that, that I think the group might find interesting that I did when I was talking to the leaders there. Actually, what is in special servicing is down -- we had a record year in 2023, as you can imagine. What is in active special servicing actually ticked down, which I think is just an interesting data point for all of us that kind of follow the market.
Chris Gorman: Well, fortunately, I wasn’t around for that, but I’m sure Vern will be happy to sign it for you, Gerard.
Chris Gorman: Well, on the acquisition front, as you know, we've had a lot of success buying niche businesses and successfully integrating them, which I don't think a lot of large companies -- forget about banking, have had a lot of success doing. We are still -- because of our targeted scale focus, we are still interested in doing that. We're always building these positive people and actually looking for small organizations. In terms of looking, Mike, at depositories, that's not something we're spending any time doing. I think when you kind of look at sort of the landscape, one, I think the regulatory/approval process, I think there's a lot of questions around that. Obviously, the pull to par, any unrealized losses become realized losses in the event of an acquisition. And then secondly, there's just so much uncertainty in the marketplace. I think one would have a lot of questions about what is actually in the book of the company that you're acquiring. So that's not something I'm spending a lot of time on. Getting back to your question, there's no question that there’s a significant value in the deposits. And for example, that's one of the reasons we're really focused this year on building out our business banking business because that's a business that's very deposit centric. And as you think about going forward, there's a lot of value in there. I don't have off the top of my head what percentage is the contribution. We’ll circle back to you. I think it’s about the 30% of the value is in the payments and deposits. But we will circle back to you and confirm that.
Chris Gorman: And from an organic growth perspective, Steve, we obviously weren't doing our typical level of investment last year. But where you'll see us lean in, you'll see us lean into our unique integrated corporate and investment bank, where we've got a lot of success recruiting people. I mentioned earlier, our 55 billion of AUM. We think that platform is eminently leverageable. We'll be investing in that. I mentioned also payments, and then lastly, I also mentioned business banking. Those are the areas where you'll see us leaning in from an investment perspective.
Chris Gorman: Sure. Well, you got to look backwards a bit, and first of all, we had outsized losses in real estate during the financial crisis, and we said we'd never do that again, and we literally rip the business down to the studs and rebuilt it, and rebuild it around an underwrite-to-distribute model. So Fannie, Freddie, FHA, the life companies, the CNBS market. We also said we're only going to finance the best real estate people in the right sectors in the right geographies. And so we've been very, very prescriptive. So we distributed a bunch. 13% of our total loan book is in real estate. What's happening on the ground is because of the people that we're financing, when we go through the math and because of the rise in interest rates, because they qualify them as a criticized loan, we go to them and we ask them for an interest reserve and they give it to us. So what is going on, on the ground with us, I'm not sure it's representative of the whole market. But it's been -- it's the work that we did starting 10 years ago that really has put us in the position that we're in now.
Chris Gorman: Thanks for the question, Ken. Whenever I'm talking to our team, I tell everybody, we're all risk managers. We're all responsible for revenue, and we're all responsible for managing expenses. We're spending, as I mentioned, about $1.1 billion a quarter. There are always things that we can do better to create the raw material to continue to invest. And in our business, unfortunately, the real cost is people. And if you look point-to-point, we have 1,369 less people on the team today than we did a year ago. And obviously, that will pull through. There's also -- you also get a big pickup when you exit businesses like we did in vendor finance, where you can take out front, middle and back office. So we did a lot of the heavy lifting, Ken, last year. I don’t see that level of heavy lifting continuing, but it’s something that we just have to stay after every single day. Thanks for the question.
Chris Gorman: Well, I think it goes back to inflation, and is inflation really under control? And if it isn't, what actions will the Fed be required to take or not take, given what the forwards are saying in order to get inflation under control? Right now, our customers are in good shape. As you know, the job market is in good shape. Interesting data point and one of the reasons I think inflation is going to be stickier than people think. Our noninterest-bearing customers today have 33% more dollars in their account than they did pre-pandemic. So I just feel like -- so I think that's a risk. And so if we get a soft landing, I think there'll be opportunities for loan growth. We, in our planning, we're assuming a short recession in 2024 for all the reasons I just described.
Chris Gorman: Again, we thank you for participating in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team, 216-689-4221. This concludes our remarks. Have a good day all.
