Don Kimble: Sure. Our assumptions would be to have two additional rate increases for 2016 both of which in the second half of the year and then the last of which toward the end of the year.
Don Kimble: And as far as the CCAR process, we will be including First Niagara within assumed acquisition date in the third quarter as we’ve talked about before for the CCAR submission. We will be relying primarily on Key models in the past, and using the First Niagara information where we can to – run through our existing models as well. And so, we will show within the plan a separate amount for both First Niagara and Key in standalone basis, but the total CCAR plan will include the assumption that First Niagara is a part in the third quarter.
Don Kimble: I think it’s too early to assume that the absolute dollar amounts. So, what we do believe and do expect to see a significant portion of share buybacks, as well as an increase in our dividend for the 2016 CCAR, but we’ll have to work through that over the next several months and finalize those remaining details.
Don Kimble: Sure. As far as the overall loan growth that if you look at the average balances, I would say on a year-over-year basis, we’re up 5%, we’re saying for next year mid single-digits. Pipelines remained strong. We had a very strong third quarter. And so, if you’re just looking at a period end balances, there clearly was some slowdown in the period end balances because of some temporary flows in and out during that subsequent period. But I would say that we’re continuing to see very strong growth in our commercial business. You will probably see some slower growth from Key and our commercial real estate area and that’s intentional as far as some of the credit disciplines we’re maintaining and backing off of some of the higher growth areas from a multifamily perspective and also adjusting our outlook as far as due to housing and few areas like that. So you could see a lot less construction loan activity from Key than you might be seeing from some of our peers.
Don Kimble: The marks that we’ll be taking will be done as of the close date. And so I would say that as what we’re experiencing, I don’t think there is any outsize risk from the marks on the First Niagara portfolio from a loan broker or others that would suggest any overall concerns there. But again we’ll finalize those toward the acquisition date and make sure that we have the appropriate evaluation within that time.
Don Kimble: I don’t know that I would want to stay on the period end balances, but it happens to work out this quarter that if you look at our average balances in the fourth quarter they are lower than the period end. So if we continue that kind of momentum going forward, it would imply a mid-single-digit kind of year-over-year growth. So I would say that’s a reflect of this quarter but not necessarily every quarter.
Don Kimble: Yes, that – what our base assumption is we’re about a 55% deposit beta, and there isn’t a whole lot of fluctuation by region, that’s more of a general assumption. It does get more granular at the product level, so we would use that. And essentially what we have included in our guidance is our assumptions here include the outlook that our deposit rates would increase that same deposit beta level for future rate increases. And so there is some potential opportunity there, if that would lag initially.
Don Kimble: Yes, that, just from a seasonal tend our first quarter trends to be our lowest point as far as expense levels and so we would expect a meaningful or if we said significant reduction from our fourth quarter level. Then you would typically expect the fourth quarter to be one of the higher quarters as far as the expenses. So I think you would see a similar trend overall as far as the expense levels. Keep in mind, that first quarter of last year our investment banking and debt placement fees were low, and so our incentive compensation would have been low last year compared to probably what you would expect in the first quarter of next year, because we would expect to have a nice increase in investment banking and debt placement fees for the first quarter compared to a year-ago.
Don Kimble: Yes, I would say that our expense initiatives are continuous throughout the year. So I don’t think there is going to be any lumpiness there. I think, as you just repeated we would expect first quarter expenses in 2016 to be higher than 2015 reflecting the overall performance outlook expectations, higher revenue during that quarter from those business lines.
Don Kimble: Continuous improvement I hope we’re never done. So this is something that we believe, this is part of our culture and continue to focus on that. And we’ve just implemented a number of areas which created some of the charges we’ve had in the fourth quarter as it relates to our private banking area and restructuring. And so that’s just one example of where we do deeper dives in the specific areas, looking from everything from the customer interface all the way through to the back office and making sure that we’re designing that in a way that can be more effective with that customer interaction, but also more efficient for us from a cost perspective. So we would expect to see ongoing opportunities at a similar size of what we’ve been experiencing this year.
Don Kimble: The principal investing gains as we showed was zero for the current quarter that our outlook is, show very modest levels of gains for next year. So it would be a smaller level than clearly what we had throughout this year. And the current balance is around $300 million of investments, and so we would see reductions from that balance just because we are about $450 million starting the year. So we’re down about two-thirds the level we were a year-ago.
Don Kimble: The impact there really was in two areas. One is that, some of that is commission revenue and revenue was down this quarter, reflecting some of the market related activities. And then the other piece was that we did see some pressure on asset value, which created some pressure on the revenues there. First quarter is not off to a great start as far as asset values. And so I think that’s an area that would continue to have some pressure throughout 2016, but our guidance – that mid single-digit kind of growth reflected seeing some pressure in that area.
Don Kimble: Yes, I think what we’re saying is that the customers themselves still remember the last cycle. And liquidity became extremely important in the way in which they manage themselves through a cycle. And so by carrying a larger cash balances it gives them more of an ability to manage their companies successfully through the cycle, which benefits us in their ability to survive.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Josh, it’s Chris. As we look at our pipeline kind of across the Corporate Bank, our pipelines are very much in line with where they were a year-ago. And as Don mentioned, we had a record year last year. So we actually feel very good about our pipelines.
Chris Gorman: So, this is Chris. I think the answer is all the above. I think depending on where in sort of the capital stack companies are clearly the amount of high yield debt that was raised when the cycle first started to turn over, that has dissipated the amount of private equity that has come in, I think that has started to dissipate. And I do think people are looking at asset sales, whole company sales and other forms of restructuring. So I think with oil trading $26 or $27 a barrel, I think people are looking at all options. And we are part of those discussions.
Chris Gorman: I’m sorry, broadly what – for the year in our capital – in our entire Corporate Bank platform we’ve raised $57 billion across all the verticals and about $9.3 billion or say 16% actually went on to our balance sheet.
Chris Gorman: Gerard, it’s Chris. We look at a lot of metrics. You can start with some of the cap rates and they range from in large gateway cities 5%, in some instances even 4%. And those were sort of priced to perfection. We spend a lot of time looking at what the rent to wage ratio is, i.e. the affordability of these Class A multifamily apartment buildings. Those are some of the metrics we look out. And then we also spend a lot of time looking at what people are doing out in the market, how far out are they going, are they doing non-recourse loans. What percent of our book for example is non-stabilized? We’re now down to 13% of our total commitments in real estate are non-stabilized. So those are some of the metrics we’re looking at.
Chris Gorman: It’s really – you’d have to look at market-by-market and really what the opportunity is. But I can tell you when you get to a 4% cap rate that has built into those assumptions that it’ll lease up – that it will lease up quickly and you will be able to get rent increases going forward. And we just think that – we just think that those are a lot of variables.
Chris Gorman: 2005. And so I think – we actually think the regulators are right. We think the market is a little hot in certain areas and that’s why by strategy we’ve been really toggling more to agent from principal.
Chris Gorman: Sure, Marty. Obviously, we like everybody else are subjected to the markets, and to the extent that the markets would continue as they have been in the last two weeks or three weeks. Our ability to pull through our pipeline, the yield to our pipeline would be less. We are really proud of the way we navigated what was a very choppy fourth quarter in the debt markets. So we’re really pleased that we’ve been able to distribute all the paper that we had. But to your point, if we were to face very, very choppy markets going forward, that would have an impact in the first place as you would see the impact would be in the M&A area, and also you’d see obviously a related impact in the financing areas.
Chris Gorman: Sure, this is Chris. Specifically Kevin we’re really focused on multifamily Class A multifamily. And some of the areas that we’ve identified or places like Houston, Raleigh, D.C., Boston, Denver, Seattle, just to name a few.
Chris Gorman: Retail is not a big part of our business either. So we’re not really – what we’re really most dialed in on in terms of areas of concern is really the froth in the multifamily area.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Erika, I’d be glad to discuss that and I’ll let Don address the CCAR portion because he’s closer to that work than I am. And you are correct that I’m even more confident and we feel even stronger about the path and quality of what will be the value of this combined – of these combined company. On the cost savings, as you know we had targeted $400 million or approximately 40% of their cost. And while in early days, the integration teams have been identified and are working two-by-two to map out those plans and as we really understand the underlying cost structure particularly in technology, operations, vendor expense, there are significant savings in all of those areas that probably contribute to over 40% of that $400 million. So out of the gates as we look for the path, well, nothing is ever easy. We also see very real savings that are easy to garner and we’ll also be realized fairly, early within the debt time after our acquisition. We’re also looking at our complimentary business capabilities and revenue synergies that we continue to gain confidence about the value that will be created there. So, in all I do think you hear a continued tone of confidence, as well as a path forward that we feel strongly about.
Beth Mooney: And Scott, I would just follow-on with the notion that Don did say, we had an extremely strong third quarter and there are some variability quarter-to-quarter. But I think it was a good quarter and obviously a good year and when you look to our guidance for 2016 was mid-single-digit and continue to strengthen our commercial businesses. I look at that across the spectrum and continue to say this is an area of strength and where we have been investing in our senior bankers in order to drive growth through client acquisition.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Terry. It is clearly an area where it is a large acquisition in an environment where there have not been many significant acquisitions in the last several years. So it has garnered a fair amount of intention – attention, but we have been very diligent and consistent in our outraged community leaders and public officials and I believe we’re having very, very constructive dialogue. In part, Key is a very good partner for this franchise and as we look at the story, we have to tell in our long-standing track record in community investment, community development, a straight CRA outstanding ratings which no other top banking company has ever received. I think we’ve gone a long way to setting a very constructive town for the kind of neighbor, the kind of bank and the kind of partner we will be. So we’ve made a lot of commitment, not only about achieving our financial targets, but also about doing the right things for clients, employees, communities and shareholders. And I believe that we’re obviously in the process with the Department of Justice, who will make the determinations on the divestiture numbers. And working through our plans and our progress and I think we will be a good and significant partner and good for those communities and those customers.
Beth Mooney: Yes, Matt. I’ll go ahead and talk about that. I do believe that our confidence in the cost savings both the path for some of the timing, as I talked about some of third-party vendor contracts, their technology and operations largely being in an outsourced world gives us a fair amount of certainty around the cost, as well as ability to realize savings in early days of the integration. And as we look at our detailed planning, which again is still early days, but our planning would suggest. We believe that there are more opportunities over and above the $400 million. So just in general as we firm up path and plans I think we’re feeling stronger and better. And as we look at the revenue synergies, we quoted in our call that we had in late October around $300 million in revenue synergies was the numbers that we had put out there, obviously with some offsetting costs on that numbers something less than that around $200 million. And I think what we’re really seeing is more confidence around the places in the way that we would realize those revenue synergies. We see the complementary nature of our business models they are accelerating our compliance within the mortgage space. And as we’d look generally around the cultures and the product capabilities and their client base, we see – are getting more confident about the path on the revenue synergies.
Beth Mooney: All right, thank you, operator. And again to all, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221 and that concludes our remarks. Thank you and have a good day.
Bill Hartmann: Bob, this is Bill Hartmann. I think as we look at credit in our portfolio, we have a very, very granular portfolio which is one of the ways that we like to balance things out. I would pick up on Chris’s comments about the general overall trend in our low growth economy. We’re being diligent to look for any signs of weakness. And what we’re seeing is really reflective in Chris’s comments, which is there are certain sectors where we’re seeing weakness. But overall the trends that we’re showing in our numbers, say that the overall portfolio quality remains high.
Bill Hartmann: We’re not seeing any weakness per se, but we have been cautious for a while now in talking about multifamily and being conscious about where we invest and how we do that, and then student housing was another area.
Bill Hartmann: Geoffrey, this is Bill Hartmann. So, in our portfolio monitoring activities we have a number of different metrics that we look at that we refer to as early warning indicators. Some of them are macro and we take a look at how those macro indicators might impact our portfolios by industry, and by region. And then we also look at the performance of the companies themselves, and in the conversations that our bankers are having about the way that the companies prepare themselves for changes in the economic environment. As Chris mentioned, one of the things that we’re noticing and have noticed for a while is that many of these companies are being very conservative by carrying larger amounts of cash which show up in the deposits that we have. And there also the growth in loans is not necessarily been with the customers that we have, because they’re not going at it investing in an environment that’s only growing at 2% to 3%.
Bill Hartmann: This is Bill Hartmann. So our total commitments to the sector are approximately $3 billion. They have been coming down slightly over the last 12 months or so. I think that’s your question.
