Don Kimble: We are continuing to invest in this area and reflected the growth in our investment services business along with the benefit of certain trading activity that occurred during the quarter as well and so we view that as a area of ongoing focus for us.
Don Kimble: Sure, what we've talked about is that from fourth quarter to first quarter we saw a decline from $58 million to $53 million. We would expect that same type of decline to occur on a quarterly basis going forward. We are down about $5 million a quarter and we always said for the full year, we expected the accretion to be in the $180 million to $190 million range and just to give you a perspective. We would expect that same type of decline occur prospectively in quarters after that the remainder of 2017 as well.
Don Kimble: One, it's a fairly small portfolio for the overall we referred questions about regional malls and also direct exposure to retail businesses. And I would say that our outstanding balances are less than $1 billion on that combined portfolio to fairly small ports overall and we've been very pleased with the performance so far.
Don Kimble: I would say that the core margin did come in stronger than what we would have expected back in January. I think it was driven by a number of different items. One, you mentioned the betas, and there were lower than what we had modeled, I would say that the impact of the December rate increase added about six basis points in margin to us just because of the betas were lower than expected. We also had picked up about three basis points in margin related to lower levels of liquidity. We talked about some of the temporary or short-term deposits that left in the first quarter on average basis and we saw a corresponding reduction to our fed cash account and so that added about three basis points. And so that really represents the 9 of the 13 basis point improvement. So that really was the other core activity and growth we saw on the balance sheet. We benefitted a little bit from higher yields on some the portfolio purchases that we made throughout the quarter and so those were helpful as well. Going forward as we look at the margin, I would say that we will continue to see pressure as those purchase accounting accretion benefits amortized down so by declining about 5 million a quarter that caused about two basis points a quarter for us and so going forward we did say that we expect to see betas remain low for us and so we would expect in general that the margin to be relatively stable for the year reflecting the impact of both those items.
Don Kimble: Sure, and as far as the additional part of the $50 million and Beth commentary she talked about the progress we made on certain systems conversions and space related occupancy with that cost and many of those are near completion and so we would expect to see those realized throughout the end of this year and first part of next year and so you will see ongoing reductions and computer processing/vendor related expenses associated with the technology and then also lower occupancy costs from reducing some of our non-branch related expense.
Don Kimble: By overstating a little bit as you look at our core margin we talked earlier that about three basis points that came from the benefit of lower liquidity. We don't expect to see that continue to drive that kind of incremental benefit. The other thing is that we talked about some of the lift on the investment portfolio and while we do believe that our new purchases will be at a higher rate than the roll-off of the cash flows from our existing portfolio, we're seeing rates per day about 20 to 30 basis points below where they would've been before for new purchases and so that lift would not be as significant but we do expect to get additional benefit from that March rate increase and we do believe the base will remain low for this next rate increase as well.
Don Kimble: At some point in time we are going to start to see beta start to pickup in and so I don't know when that is but as we talked about before this last rate increase that was about 6 basis points of margin. I think that subsequent rate increase I would expect to be slightly below what we are realizing from the past rate increases and so we will start to see that benefit get smaller in perspective rate moves.
Don Kimble: Good question. It's $28 million for the first quarter and we would expect the second quarter to be $14 million and so each of those two preferred issuances is at about $7 million quarterly dividend.
Don Kimble: We’ve talked about $160 million and that was including net and growth shares and the total shares that were bought back I don't see that handy. Vern, do you have that in the table someplace? Okay, repurchase were 8,673,000 shares in the open market.
Don Kimble: We really haven't provided second quarter guidance but I would say that we do expect to realize that remaining 50 million incremental per quarter. One thing to keep in mind is that we also have targeted $300 million in revenue synergies related to the acquisition we talked about incremental costs associated with that of about $100 million a year. And so you will start to see some investments being made to achieve this kind of revenue synergies as well.
Don Kimble: We really haven't broken that out I would say that estimated in our projections a level of prepayment to be consistent with what we’re experiencing so far. So we can see if we can dig out a little more detailed then just what the actual breakout of both stated and expected.
Don Kimble: What we would expect to see a continued trend as far as essentially about 20% reduction per year and so we're not forecasting any big drop off in 2018 compared to the 2017 level of decline.
Don Kimble: Well I would say Ken if you take a look at our first quarter level of non-interest income it's $577 million, so you annualize that and that's the very low end of that to $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion numbers. So we would expect growth in that line item along with other fee categories but I don't want to get too prescriptive as to where we would reside in that range at this point.
Don Kimble: We talked before about post the acquisition our CET 1 was 9.5% and for banks this still will go through the quantity a portion of the CE Tier process. Don't see a lot of this pass the quantitative portion without leasing 9% to Common Equity Tier 1. And then so I think that kind of gives a range of where you would expect we were very pleased with the 9.5% level and can see that still been in a strong level of capital but we'll provide more color after the '17 CE Tier results are announced.
Don Kimble: I would say we are still at very early stages at this point in time in some of the areas we have talked about our cash management and treasure management activities for our commercial customers and while the pipelines are very strong, we really haven't seen the full benefit kick-in from those yet. Another area we talked about it is residential mortgage and we're starting to build out the commercial - the mortgage loan officers and other support areas for that business that we really haven't seen the revenues kick in for that yet either and we're early stages for that. And so I would say that with a few exceptions, we are just really starting off that process and starting to see some of the early seats as far as the those opportunities.
Don Kimble: For the most part these are new product or services and so what we're picking up is a greater market share of that existing customer relationship. Keep in mind as for some of the commercial products and services, first we didn't have those capabilities to sell into their customers and they were hiring people from other banks that we were able to bring over the commercial loan relationships but not necessarily the treasury management capabilities. And so we believe that we can have success in driving that additional account acquisition. On the residential mortgage side, that we really didn't have this is a true product offering throughout the key footprint and each one of those key customers probably have a mortgage loan, but we want to be a top of mind for when they look out to buy next house or when they want to refinance. And so this is really getting to a point where we're successful in getting our share of the market as opposed to creating a new product or offering.
Don Kimble: We look at them separate and independently and we might drive those cost savings from the bottom line and at the same time we do make investments to get additional revenues. And so they're not dependent on one another there are mutual exclusive but we’re continuing to hold our team accountable in driving that $450 million cost savings target. Our board is fully accountable to drive that and we’re also holding each other accountable to make sure we can drive that $300 million in revenue growth and recognize that there are some incremental cost associated with it.
Don Kimble: And you wouldn’t see a lot of the other changes in the deposit balances or the cash position prospectively.
Don Kimble: Good question I would say that the kind have some new answers to it essentially what we do on a quarterly basis is look at our level of reserves it would be required on that purchase portfolio and see how that compares to the discomfort that remains. And so at some point in time we’ll have to start building reserves in connection with that. I would say that as those loans mature and are originated in a new form that were required to book reserves on that. What we've talked about externally is that we think that the average loan life is about four years and so over that four years that allowance will be growing from the 1% to say about 120, 125. And so you will see a build in the reserve prospectively but we don't expected to be lumpy at this point in time.
Don Kimble: I would say that if you take a look at our 929 this quarter and multiple times four you’re still at the low end of that 37 or 38 range as far as our full year guidance. We do say and expect that that purchase accounting accretion will decrease by $5 million a quarter. And so that 180 to 190 level for the entire year is below that first quarter level of $53 million. And so it does create a hurdle for us to grow through. The question will be is what kind of betas will exist going forward for the market rate increase and for the rate increase that we assumed at the end of the year and then beyond that it’s just making sure we continue to grow the asset base and we would expect to have net interest income grow from that. So again the variables on margin tend to be more than the impact of the betas and overall liquidity position of the variable on net interest income tend to process more on what we will see from changes in deposit rates with future rate increases.
Don Kimble: Yes, tax benefit was there so if look and see tax rate absent the merger related charges I think it was 24.8% we do guide for a range of 25% to 27% for the full year. And so there was back in the current quarter from that.
Don Kimble: I am sorry, yes, I would say our loan book has continued to perform well and delinquency levels have maintained very well and keep in mind that our auto loan book is what I refer to a super prime and FICO scores is north of 750 on average and we’re focused on making sure that we extend credit to the borrowers that aren’t reliant on the value of the collateral to get our money back and are more focused on their capability that to repay and that has continued to do well for us.
Don Kimble: Peter, this is Don. One other thing to add and Beth had highlighted this earlier as well, that keep in mind too for the first quarter for us but we had our record first quarter as far as investment banking debt placement fees. And the strength is really coming from our commercial real estate and loan syndication areas and we are actually retaining a little bit less on our balance sheet than what we normally would based on the availability of the markets reporting those areas. And so that results in a little bit slower loan growth for us but still represents the strength as far as our ability to generate capital for our customers.
Don Kimble: Peter you guys are just trying to pin me down to the actual number you're putting in your models here, but…
Don Kimble: What I would offer up for that is if you look at the incremental $50 million. We talked about those synergies really been achieved later in 2017 and early 2018 and so the impact on the full-year 2017 won't be that significant for that incremental $50 million and so while we do believe it's real, we are able to hold ourselves accountable to achieving that but that really doesn't impact the outlook as much you might expect.
Beth Mooney: Sam, this is Beth Mooney. We have seen line utilization remain relatively consistent now for several quarters and I would tell you that borrowers - what I would tell you the sentiment that we're hearing is canteen towards optimism but not yet translating into different behaviors or activities as it relates to their borrowing and banking activities but there is level of emerging confidence that I think if it is not with some level of fiscal stimulus, as well as other legislative and tax reform out of Washington that could translate into increased and heightened activity.
Beth Mooney: That is consistent with what we had committed internally into our board as we undertook the acquisition.
Beth Mooney: We are seeing relatively well distributed activity. We do not see a pocket set of either underperforming or over performing, it has been a consistent level of activity across our franchise and markets. And will tell you as we look at our first quarter investment banking and debt placement fees. Clearly the debt capital market piece of our business is incredibly strong and so we do see some of our manufacturing base which would be included in the Midwest as else being an auto related - still being very strong. But with our model we see dispersion of activity and obviously with our acquisition we have more bankers on the street than we've ever had in our eastern markets as well.
Beth Mooney: No Ken, typically our first quarter on investment banking and debt placement fees is always a seasonally like quarter historically it tends to end strong in the fourth quarter. So the fact that this was a record quarter for this business is a good indication of core momentum in that business and as we go into the second quarter again assuming markets are constructive as they have been, our pipelines are definitely strong if we go into the second quarter.
Beth Mooney: Yes Gerard. At this point in time we also did note that the deposit growth has been very strong and the attrition of clients has been less than we would have expected. So we felt like we are off to a very good start and I would tell you pipelines are building across loans, as well as payments opportunities and specifically with the mix of the balance sheet with First Niagara with a relatively large commercial real estate book, we are also seeing a variety of activities that can lead into our commercial mortgage banking which goes into our investment banking and debt placement fees. So as we look across the board on those new million consumer and commercial clients, we do see momentum building and in the first quarter you’re still not even fully six months passed the conversion date, and as you can well imagine going into the beginning of the year we were declaring ourselves back to [BAU] and we see those pipelines in that momentum building.
Beth Mooney: This is Beth and I would say that our work is not yet done and I think our priorities are clear there is additional work to realize and deliver all the cost savings we’ve always said while not in our initial projections that we shared with the street we announced the transaction that the revenue synergies were significant and a real opportunity for us and so I would tell you that we do not yet believe our shareholders have realized the full value and benefit of this acquisition and our priorities and our focus are very, very clear.
Beth Mooney: No, as we have said we have everything we need to be successful between our business model our geographies our capabilities and so as we look at the prospects for TNR our commitment on our long-term financial targets and our operating performance we have what we need to be successful and meet the goals and objectives that we have outlined to the street First Niagara has been instrumental as we said in our ability to achieve some of the financial metrics and performance particularly in return on tangible common equity and efficiency ratio so it’s been very beneficial but as a company Key is well positioned in the market to succeed.
Beth Mooney: Yes Peter, this is Beth I would tell you that we've always talked over the last couple years about borrowers being cautiously optimistic and I would say they have definitely chanted towards to optimism I do see our pipelines are up year-over-year and they are very strong going into the second quarter you add to that that we have also increased our sales force and our client base with First Niagara. So as we go into the balance of the year, we have not only improving sentiment that likely is going to translate into increased activity but we also have another level for growth in terms of the acquisition of First Niagara, those relationship managers and that client base. So prospectively we feel good about loan growth.
Beth Mooney: Again, we thank you for taking time from your schedule to participate in our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can direct them to our Investor Relations team at 216-689-4221. And that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you very much.
