Chris Gorman: Yes. Beth, the only thing I would add to that, the consumer is very strong. And we see that in our mortgage business, we see that in our Laurel Road business, as we look at FICO scores, 760, 770, very solid on the consumer side. On the commercial side, Gerard, to your point and Beth’s point, we did see what I think is a pivot to more constructive kind of mindset and discussions in the last 45 days to 60 days. The challenges still remain in that area. We’re not seeing a lot of capital investment yet. I would anticipate that we would at some point and also their biggest challenge is continuing to be able to go out and hire people. Those are kind of the two challenges, but I do agree with the premise of your question that it’s gotten better as we got through Brexit and also the – some trade discussions.
Chris Gorman: It’s Chris. The only thing I would add to that is our starting point. Obviously, we’ve been working really hard to be a more balanced bank between commercial and consumer. And our starting point is such that we think those are asset classes we can really grow.
Chris Gorman: Yes, we feel good about where that business is. As Don mentioned in his comments, we did have some slippage from things into the fourth quarter, into the first quarter. But obviously, the trade-off for that as we go into the first quarter with strong pipelines, we feel good about the business, Scott.
Chris Gorman: Sure. So there’s kind of three phases to it. One is to make sure we’re doing a really good job in the student loan refinance business. And obviously, that’s hitting on all cylinders. So that’s working. The next phase is the notion of having mortgages. And so we are in the pilot process and we’ll be rolling out throughout 2020 the opportunity for people complete online experience to go out and get a mortgage. The nice thing about that, Peter, is we’re also going to – we’re going to actually transport that across Key. So that will have a benefit for the rest of our company. And then lastly, we’re in the very early stages of this, but we believe, as I mentioned in my remarks, that we have the opportunity to realize holistic digital relationships with these more than one million health care professionals that are out there as an available market.
Chris Gorman: Well, the only thing I would add to that, Erika, is we have a lot of plans that involve investment. And so as we look at this plan to the extent that the revenues don’t show up as we would anticipate, we have the opportunity to either defer investment or reevaluate investments. So we are committed to providing positive operating leverage, and we’ll pull the levers that we need to.
Don Kimble: Yes, a couple of things. What we have learned and maybe provide a little bit of additional clarity as to what happened as far as the losses this quarter that we have made the decision as we entered into this discovery that we were going to honor payments going to employees or employee benefits related to employees of customers of the fraudulent company. And so we want to make sure we had good money for good people. And so we had some outsized payments occur after that July 9 time period that got reflected in this additional $16 million charge this quarter. And so we think it’s the right decision for us as a company, but did translate to that. We do not expect to see any further material charges going forward from this and continue to work with the bankruptcy courts, the restructuring agent that’s onsite, and also the forensic accounts as well. And as far as the recoveries going forward, we’re still subjected to the legal process. So we are not in a position yet to start to realize some of the benefits for those recoveries. But as I highlighted briefly that we do believe that the loss we recognized this quarter is temporary and the future recovery should more than offset that, but we probably don’t expect much until second half of this year as far as the flow from that.
Don Kimble: Yes. I would say that we would expect, as we highlighted, to see a mid-single-digit kind of loan growth, and it’s going to have a bigger contribution from consumer loan growth. And so we’re very excited about that. We’ve also highlighted that we expect to see deposits up low single-digits. And so you’ll start to see a remixing of the overall balance sheet. Long-term, we target our loan-to-deposit ratio to be in the 90% to 95% range, and we’re well south of that today. So we’ve got a lot of room to move that liquidity position down and remix into more loans. And so that’s why we feel comfortable with our guidance as far as relatively stable margin and could have some potential upside if that liquidity level gets absorbed quicker than what our forecast would suggest.
Don Kimble: What we talked about was that with our midpoint of our guidance ranges we’ve established, it does show positive operating leverage. And with that positive operating leverage, I can say that very well – with that positive operating leverage, it will help drive that efficiency ratio down. And so that’s part of our guidance. And so we do think that we’ll make progress towards that in 2020, and that’s what’s needed to continue to achieve that from here that if you would just look at the rate environment that was in place in October of 2018 when we initially set this goal and also when we reaffirmed in January of last year, we’re seeing a bigger impact as far as rates on our net interest income. And if we would have had that rate environment in place throughout the year, we would have been inside that range here in the fourth quarter and also our outlook for 2020 would be inside that range. So that’s really the sole contributor that we are achieving our expense targets, and we are making progress as far as growing the overall core business but realizing the near-term impact of the lower rate environment.
Don Kimble: Yes. Well, this year will be an interesting year for all banks because of CECL. And I would say that the provision for loan growth should be higher on a relative basis compared to what was in the incurred loss method because the reserves required are higher. That being said, the categories that we’re expecting to continue to grow are very high FICO scores. So whether it’s residential mortgage or the Laurel Road loans or even our indirect auto. Even the CECL reserves are not that significant. And so we think that there will be some pressure there, but that not as much as you might initially assume.
Don Kimble: Yes, sure. A couple of things there. One, in 2019, as you recall, in the first quarter of 2019, we had a government shutdown, which really impacted on a negative way, the investment banking debt placement fees. We only had $110 million in that quarter. Up until that, the first quarter tends to run around $130 million-or-so in IB&D revenues. And so that was a direct impact. Also linked year that in 2018, we sold off our insurance business, which also had about a $20 million drag as far as the year-over-year fee income growth. And so that also had a negative impact from that perspective. Going forward, we think that fee income will see some strong growth from investment banking debt placement fees, not only because of the pipeline because we have an outlook that doesn’t include a government shutdown. And so we think first quarter should be off to a good start on a relative basis. We also expect to see continued growth in residential mortgage fees. We’ve seen some very good growth this year. We had $4.3 billion in originations, and that’s more than double what it was a year ago. And so we expect to see continued trajectory there as far as growing that business. And the third category, which had some noise in it in 2019 as well was our cards and payments related revenues that we launched a new cash back card, which had some negative impacts as far as the first year start-up of that product along with the wind down of a previous joint venture we had there. And so our expectation for 2020, which showed growth in that category as opposed to a relatively stable level there as well. So we’re excited about the momentum in our fee-based businesses, and that’s why we show an outlook that has mid-single-digit kind of growth for the year.
Don Kimble: Total paydowns for bridge loans were approximately $1 billion this quarter. So they were outsized compared to normal levels. But as we highlighted, that’s part of our core ongoing business. And so we will expect some timing differences throughout the various periods as to those events occurring.
Don Kimble: John, are you talking about for the full year or by quarters or because we don’t provide quarterly guidance. I would say that we would expect to see ongoing improvement this year compared to 2019 and further improvement in 2020. That if you use the midpoint of the guidance range, we still have a 56% handle to that efficiency ratio number. And so I think we’re making sizable progress toward that, and we continue to focus on that generation of the positive operating leverage to drive the earnings level. So I think we’re good there.
Don Kimble: Yes, sure. That we continue to look at that. I would say that the good thing about the consumer loan products that we’re focused on, we’re focused on very high FICO scores. And so very low default factors associated with those customers and through any type of economic scenario. And so we do believe that it still is appropriate risk profile for us. So it really hasn’t impacted our origination strategy that it does have a little bit higher upfront cost when you book the loan compared to the incurred loss method, but economically we still feel that it’s the right move and excited about the returns and the growth that we’re seeing from those areas.
Don Kimble: Yes, that we could see some slight resetting of the loan yields, some of the fixed rate loans. The current go-to rates are slightly below what the portfolio is. So we should see some migration there. In the investment portfolio that overall rate came down by about two basis points this quarter, and that we’ll see some continued slight pressure there that our current purchase yield is slightly below where the overall portfolio is and so that will put some pressure. But with all that considered, we do expect to see the margin relatively stable and deposit costs should come down to help offset that other pressure.
Don Kimble: Yes. I would say near term, even in the stable rate environment for the next few quarters, we could see a four to six basis point kind of linked quarter decline in deposit rates. And some of that is related to what we talked about last quarter that we have some promotional rate money market deposits that will reset after either a six-month window or a 12-month window, and that’s about $7 billion, and as those reset that will help provide some benefit as far as driving those deposit costs down.
