James S. Tisch: Our internal projections show it has both. It has a reasonably good cash flow for the joint venture or whoever the ultimate owner is. And as well, it should have reasonably similar GAAP results. The other thing that it does is that it provides a very strong anchor for one end of our system -- one end of the Boardwalk system, where electric and gas utilities will find it very advantageous to use that storage, which is high-release storage, so that they can get the gas that they need for -- in the case of utilities, hot days, and in the case of -- electric utilities, hot days, and in the case of gas utilities, very cold days.
James S. Tisch: Over the years, we've said that we would support our subsidiaries. And right now, what we're finding is that we're able to support them with -- by helping them to finance transactions that should be very accretive to shareholder value not only with the subsidiaries, but also at Loews. So we're very pleased with the Petal and Hattiesburg acquisitions at Boardwalk, and likewise, we're very pleased with the $106 million land acquisition that HighMount is making just today in Oklahoma.
James S. Tisch: No, but I think what's happening, though, is that we're finding that we're able to do these transactions. We're finding that there may be somewhat less competition, and we're finding that the prices are more reasonable. So that's why we're willing to step in.
James S. Tisch: It was a significant consideration. Based on the price of Boardwalk's shares when we agreed to the acquisition, the deal did not make a lot of economic sense for Boardwalk, and Loews was willing to bridge that acquisition and wait for the Boardwalk price to go higher, which, in fact, has occurred. And I think the market is now starting to understand that there are very significant things that are taking place at Boardwalk under Stan Horton. There's the recent gathering system that we announced that we're refinancing in the Marcellus shale. There's Petal and Hattiesburg acquisition, and likewise, there's the permission that we got from regulatory authorities to convert some of our pipelines near the Eagle Ford shale into wet gas pipelines from dry gas pipelines. So there's a lot of activity, and my sense is that at some point in time, the market is going to understand that Boardwalk's price has been very cheap relative to what its prospects were.
James S. Tisch: That is correct. And ideally, what will happen is -- drop-downs are very common in the MLP space. We would hope and expect that over the coming years, as Boardwalk is able to finance it, we will -- Loews or the JV will sell interest in Petal and Hattiesburg to Boardwalk so that the ultimate goal is that this will be 100% owned by Boardwalk.
James S. Tisch: We foresee very attractive, very, very attractive double-digit IRRs from investments in this property. This property cost us $106 million. We think there could be more than 600 drilling sites, and that would mean drilling expenditures over the life of the properties in excess of $1.5 billion. And we see very attractive IRRs on that drilling investment.
James S. Tisch: I think it's all of the above. We need to fill out our portfolio in a number of key gateway cities, and we are looking at that. We're looking to do that both through owned properties, through joint venture properties and also through management deals. So we are and have been for the past few quarters and will be for the next several quarters reevaluating our growth strategy and then actually implementing it.
James S. Tisch: I've tried to, in these calls -- check the transcripts over the past several years, I have tried to talk about how CNA is doing, the strategies that they've been putting in place. And now, I think we're seeing after the past 3 quarters that those strategies are actually starting to gain traction. Beyond that, I'm not going to stand out in front of the office with a sandwich board saying, "Buy CNA stock." Instead, as you can see, Loews has been buying its own stock, and the stock -- the price of Loews stock, I think, reflects the low valuation that CNA is receiving. So that's one of the reasons that gives us so much confidence buying in our own shares.
James S. Tisch: We don't do that, and historically, we don't do that. Tax basis is a very simple item when it comes to your own portfolio. When it comes to subsidiaries and other corporate assets, it is phenomenally complicated and takes an enormous amount of effort, and we do not typically adjust the basis. We do not calculate the basis on either a quarterly nor annual basis. And I would say, likewise, I don't think there are any S&P 500 companies that actually do that.
James S. Tisch: Let me just say something before Darren gets on. Bob Glasspiegel referred to it at the beginning of the call. We think this is Darren's last call on the Loews call. Darren has been here for a number of years and done admirable service. And so as a reward for all the fine work that he's done, he's moving to Houston and has become the Head of IR for Diamond Offshore, where there are a lot more callers in to the quarterly calls. There are a lot more analysts that follow the company, and he's staying dramatically more busy than he's been here at Loews. Take it away, Darren. You'll be among the missed here.
