James Tisch: Thank you David. Before we go to the Q&A, we announced this morning that David will be stepping down as CFO in May of 2022 and will be succeeded by Loews veteran Jane Wang who is a subsidiary liaison and Corporate Development Executive. We've got plenty more time with David as CFO so more about him and Jane at a later date. And now Mary back to you.
James Tisch: As I think about the transition to renewable energy in the U.S. and also in the world, it's my strong belief that we will not be able to snap our metaphorical fingers and get it done overnight. 70% of energy consumed in the U.S. is from oil and natural gas and the notion that we can replace that amount of energy with renewables in just a few short years is in my opinion a pipe dream. I believe this transition will be measured in decades. I'm not alone in my belief that over the next several years demand for natural gas will increase both domestically and also internationally. Most forecasts call for natural gas production in the United States to increase over the next three decades by anywhere from 15% to 40%. Natural gas is an important energy source that has meaningfully reduced greenhouse gas emissions. In the U.S. CO2 emissions from power generation are down 40% over the last 20 years as power plants switched from coal to natural gas. Energy production needs to be low cost, reliable, and green. We need to approach the energy transition in a rational and balanced way and natural gas is playing an important role in the clean, low cost reliable option. Currently global demand growth for natural gas is driven by China and India where coal still accounts for more than 60% of their power generation. Energy transition targets in those countries will likely accelerate natural gas demand to replace coal usage. U.S. LNG is well positioned to meet that demand. In the U.S. natural gas has an important role to play in reducing emissions through the displacement of coal and as a backup to renewable energy by providing reliable power for times when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow. In the coming decades the need for electricity will increase because of the electrification of automobiles. Gas powered generation will be needed because wind and solar resources are intermittent. As I said, the wind doesn’t always blow and the sun doesn't always shine and current battery technology cannot provide more than several hours of electrical service, that’s hardly enough storage. Gas powered generation is reliable, dispatchable, and gas can be stored safely and cost effectively. And while the world is focused on our reliance on carbon based fuel for power generation, natural gas is also a raw material for a number of items that we rely on every day. There is no replacement for natural gas as a raw material. Boardwalk is well positioned to take advantage of higher industrial demand for natural gas and growth in the LNG export market. Boardwalk has also invested in making operations more environmentally friendly by reducing methane emissions. Considering the productive life of oil and natural gas wells, we as a nation are going to have to continue adding productive hydrocarbon capacity for years and years to come. We believe that natural gas will continue to be an important fuel and raw material for the U.S. and the world.
James Tisch: Sure. I am disappointed by CNA’s share price level. At the end of 2017, CNA traded at about $53 per share whereas on Friday it traded for less than $45 per share. The stock price notwithstanding CNA today is a much stronger company than it was 3.5 years ago. Over that time CNA has meaningfully reduced its expense ratio, has made steady improvement in its underlying loss ratio, has built a deep underwriting culture, optimized distribution by expanding its broker network, and continues to attract, develop, and retain top talent. Additionally, the company maintains a robust balance sheet through its conservative capital structure and debt profile. The company has ample liquidity and what S&P refers to as AAA level of capital. Its investment portfolio has a carrying value of about $50 billion. We work with CNA to maintain a high quality portfolio with an average A credit rating. The portfolio also has consistent fixed income earnings, solid limited partnerships, and common equity returns. Of course no discussion of CNA would be complete without talking about long-term care. The company has worked tirelessly to mitigate the risk there, something I believe the stock market does not give CNA enough credit for. On their call earlier today, CNA announced the findings of their annual review of long-term care book of business, here are some of the highlights. CNA has actively managed the portfolio to reduce policy count and level of benefits while working to provide better care for their policy holders. The company closed the group book of business in 2016 so no new policies have been issued since then which has helped drive a 35% reduction in policies enforced since year-end 2015. CNA has initiated several innovative benefit reduction strategies resulting in over 60,000 policy holders electing to reduce their benefits since 2017. In conclusion and to finally answer your question, over the last 12 months CNA earned about $1.2 billion which means that CNA is trading at about 10 times net income. In the context of the S&P 500, trading at more than twice the multiple CNA seems to me to be dirt cheap.
James Tisch: Yeah, so both Altium and Loews Hotels has had labor shortages. For example, at one point during the pandemic, the management teams at some of Loews Hotels’ properties were making beds and cleaning rooms. Luckily that situation is improving. Loews Hotels has had a 20% increase in headcount since the end of the second quarter and more than double the active headcount at the beginning of the year. Two thirds of the Loews Hotels’ current work force was with the company prior to the pandemic. So while onboarding team members is an ongoing effort, the company is lucky to have had so many team members remain active throughout the pandemic or return to Loew's after a leave of absence. In terms of Altium, labor continuity continues to be a challenge in some manufacturing locations. To address this challenge Altium is offering sign on retention and employee referral bonuses. They have also adjusted base wages to keep up with the market. Overall while labor shortages have impacted a few of our subsidiaries, we're seeing gradual improvement in the labor situation. And Mary, I think that’s the end of our questions, so I would just like to make a few comments on what I see going on in the economy. For the past two quarters I've spoken about inflation and interest rates. Both times I spoke about how I thought we are beginning a cycle of inflation and how interest rates were much too low. And even though interest rates on 10 year notes have basically doubled in the past 12 months, those rates are still too low. Although it's been developing for several quarters, what is currently in plain view are shortages. Just take a look at what's happening to the likes of computer chips, the containers, the labor, the trucking and the shipping. There's no quick fix to any of these in the short-term. Along with shortages come higher prices which means inflation. The current CPI is a 5.4% on a trailing 12-month basis, that’s the highest 12-month CPI growth rate since December of 1990, that's almost 31 years ago. When the CPI was at that level in 1990, 10-year notes yielded 8%. Today they are 1.6. The old saying applies here, when you find yourself in a hole the first thing to do is stop digging. We are still digging our hole deeper and deeper by adding monetary and fiscal stimulus to our economy. Currently there's been over $5 trillion of fiscal stimulus to the economy since the start of the pandemic. Additionally, the Fed has purchased $5 trillion of government securities in that time. And that quaint statistic called money supply has increased at an annual rate of over 20% since the start of the pandemic. Certainly for those who remember him Milton Friedman would be appalled. As a country the Fed has hooked us on an opiate called cheap money. This has been going on since the financial crisis of 2008 and 13 years later we're still hooked on it. Today Fed funds are at 7 basis points, that's in the context of 5.4% inflation. To be any more stimulative, Fed funds would have to be negative. Both the Fed and Congress have been too stimulative. The economy has responded in textbook fashion to all the stimulus, it has powered ahead. In fact, arguably it has responded too well. First we have had high inflation for the past year. But as I made clear on my prior comments, this isn’t won and done for inflation. We are in a cycle of inflation where higher prices lead to higher wage demands which leads to higher costs for businesses which leads to higher prices and so the cycle continues. So what can be done, there are two things. First, the Fed needs to stop buying government securities and move interest rates higher, that means beginning the process of raising short-term interest rates so that over time interest rates will normalize. After all, even though the current level of interest rates would ordinarily indicate that the economy is on life support, we're at the polar opposite. There is strong growth in the economy. It's long past time to correct this divergence. The second thing to do is to stop the fiscal stimulus. The pandemic stimulus so far has been highly successful. The economy has been growing well for the past few quarters and the 24-month average savings rate is 14%. That's the highest level well that statistic has ever been since the series was started in 1959. Think of this high savings rate as fuel that the consumer has in their tank, the power of consumption for the next several quarters. So there's no more need for stimulus with so much accumulated savings. Additional stimulus will only exacerbate the inflationary problems that now plague us. There you have it, we have a problem with inflation and the cure has come from simple implementation of basic monetary and fiscal policies that are well known to all. The time to act is now. The longer the inflation is allowed to fester and grow, the deeper will be our problems in the future. Neither the Fed nor the administration are doing us any favors in either way. Back to you Mary.
