James S. Tisch: So historically, we have -- credit quality has not been a problem for us at Boardwalk, that all of our customers have generally paid on time and that has not been an issue for us. So it's something we tend not to worry about too much. In terms of acquisitions, we keep looking, we keep kicking tires. You're right, equity values have gone up, but interest rates are still very low. And we haven't given up in our quest to look for something and find something that fits us and is just right for us.
James S. Tisch: Bob, we love all of our children, and we're very positive about all of them. And we don't think about disposing of any of them.
James S. Tisch: Yes, we had some investments in bread-and-butter S&P 500 stocks, but we also have some investments in gold and mining shares. And those penalized the total returns for the quarter.
James S. Tisch: So for both the Mississippian Lime and also Sonora, the cash flow right now is driven primarily by gas prices. And as you've heard me say, I don't think that gas prices are going to increase significantly from here. I think between $4 and $5 for natural gas, we are at what I would call an equilibrium price, where there's a lot of production that can come on, assuming that there's demand for the natural gas. However, with respect to oil and NGLs, it's a completely different story. In both the Mississippian Lime and especially in Sonora, we have relatively few oil and NGL wells. We're doing a -- what I would call a major science experiment in both places, trying to -- we know that there are hydrocarbons on our properties, and we can produce them. And now we are trying to figure out how to produce them commercially and economically. And if we do figure out how to do that, and I'm hopeful that we will over the next few years, then there will be significant investment opportunities for us to invest in development wells on these properties. So you asked about cash flow. My guess is that there won't be significant operating cash flow from those properties for the next several years because we're going to have to invest in the oil and NGL wells that will produce the gas -- the cash flow from those properties. But that over time, if we embark on this investment program, if we're able to figure out how to produce from these areas commercially, then there could be a significant cash flow from the property.
James S. Tisch: It almost sounds like the shale question. I landed in Houston -- no, sorry, I landed in New Orleans for some meetings that I had there, and I was -- as I was getting into the car, the driver opened -- popped open the trunk of the car, and I was just about to throw my bags in, and there I saw what look like a big scuba tank and it said, "propane." And so I asked the driver about it. And in fact, that was a propane-fueled automobile. Now I don't think that growth in natural gas liquids is going to come from Lincoln Town Cars running on propane gas. But if you read the trade press, you can see that there's a lot of talks about LNG for trucks and as well for locomotives. And my guess is that's where the growth is going to come from, as well as from inner-city delivery trucks that work the streets during the day and come back to a garage at night. So I'm a believer that we're going to see significant increases in demand for our natural gas. And I also think that significant demand increase is going to come from the exportation of natural gas, which should begin in the next 2, 3 or 4 years.
James S. Tisch: I think interest rates, as I said in my comments, are very low. We're frustrated by how low they are. We'd like them to go higher. We are -- for CNA, we maintain a -- for our non-matched accounts, which represents about 2/3 of the assets at CNA, we maintain a duration of under 5 for the portfolio. And what we're doing is we're basically investing new cash flow in 10-year securities. And as they roll down the yield curve over time, we picked up a pretty good rate of return on those investments. But investing in -- with that type of strategy is truly a kiss-your-sister type of strategy. There's nothing at all exciting about it, and what we'd really like to see is higher interest rates. I think that a lot of the price increases that we're able to see -- that we're seeing now in the insurance market are the -- is the result of such low interest rates. So what the legacy assets are running off, the companies need to earn a rate of return on their capital. And since they can't get it from their investing operations, they have to get it from their underwriting operations. And so I think we're seeing that in clear view now.
Peter W. Keegan: No, we are contributing money to hotels to help on their growth plan. So we've added a bunch of hotels there.
Peter W. Keegan: Keep in mind, this is a 4-quarter look back of the prices. In the first quarter, natural gas prices actually went up slightly, and NGL and oil prices went down. And it's that in combination with the calculation of reserves and production. This is a very complicated calculation, which drove that impairment.
Peter W. Keegan: Well, if you freeze prices, it's hard to say because the other part of calculation is reserves and production. So it's really hard to...
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. But in the accounting, keep in mind, we capitalize all of our spending. So you're constantly increasing the base against which this is calculated.
Peter W. Keegan: Yes, the reason we could do it last year is there was a clear trend of pricing, David, and so we knew what was coming because of the way you calculate this thing or at least you could get within a reasonable range of what was coming. Where prices are right now and when you're at the ceiling, it's really very hard as you look forward to predict what's going to move things. We might have 0 points. So your guess is as good as mine as to what you think is going to happen to pricing in the next quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. If we just -- if we freeze prices where they are today, are there more impairments coming? Or are we through the -- is there light at the end of the tunnel and there's -- I mean, if we freeze everything today...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right. Is there an endgame on -- I mean, is Boardwalk one of these like Buffet, we're going to own it forever, we love it. Is there a way you could capitalize that...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. I'm just saying you've got sort of -- in your sum of the parts, you used to sort of like try to value the pieces. Now we're sort of left to our own, and so we've got a $40 million growing annual earnings power that...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, so left to my own volition, I'll take a stab at it, but your insights on that would be appreciated, as always.
