James S. Tisch: So we have about $4.8 billion of cash and investments. We have about $700 million or so of limited partnership investments that have very good liquidity terms to it, and then we have another $500 million or so of equities. And then beyond that, most of the rest of the other $3.7 billion is invested in money market instruments that do not earn a lot of income.
James S. Tisch: So there are a few things. Number one, we like to buy the stock at prices that appear low to us on an absolute and relative basis. Number two, we have other calls on our cash beyond simply an acquisition or share repurchases or dividends. So for example, if the Bluegrass project moves forward, chances are that will require significant financing coming from Loews. So that's something that we always keep our eyes attuned to. And finally, if the company is in possession of material nonpublic information, then our legal beagles here do not allow us to repurchase shares. So all those factors going to the mix and make it therefore difficult for investors to discern from our share repurchase in a particular quarter or share repurchases or lack of share repurchases, whether we're bullish or bearish on the stock.
James S. Tisch: Sure. Marcellus Shale has turned the pipeline industry on its head. About 3 years ago, there was virtually no gas production in the Marcellus Shale. And today, there's about 11 billion cubic feet of production. That's in the context of the U.S. total production of about -- using the prior numbers, about 66.5 billion cubic feet per day. The Northeast consumes about, on average, 12 billion cubic feet a day. So the system that had been put in place to transport natural gas from Texas, Louisiana and the Gulf of Mexico, up to Ohio, Pennsylvania and the Northeast, because of Marcellus' increased production has really -- demand for the transportation to the Northeast has changed dramatically, and that's a major part of what's going on right now.
James S. Tisch: That's right. Plus, if you think of it in terms of the mileage that the average Mcf of natural gas travels, it's dramatically lower because the natural gas is not coming from Texas up to the Northeast, it's coming from Pennsylvania up through the Northeast. And in fact, the reason that Boardwalk is moving forward with the Bluegrass Pipeline project is because it has excess capacity going up to the Northeast. In the Texas gas system, we call it a pipeline, but it really has 3 separate pipes that go from Louisiana up to Ohio. And in the Bluegrass project, we are planning to take one of those pipes that formerly carried natural gas, and instead, we are going to convert it to a pipeline that is capable of carrying natural gas liquids. Those natural gas liquids are currently being produced in the Marcellus Shale and there is very limited capacity to take away those natural gas liquids. So what we're trying to do is get commitments from natural gas and NGL producers to hold their natural gas liquids from the Marcellus Shale down through a combination of new pipelines and our existing pipeline to new processing facilities, fractionation facilities in Louisiana. That's a major effort for Boardwalk. And as I've said in my remarks, we will have a pretty good sense, I believe, in the first quarter of this year -- of 2014, whether or not this project will move forward.
James S. Tisch: What's my view? My view on the debt crisis and the government shutdown was that: Number one, I assumed that, eventually, the government would reopen; and number two, I assumed that all interest and principal on the debt would be paid on a timely basis. And that in fact, that whole crisis that we experienced from mid-September to mid-October, while it took up the front pages of the newspaper and took a lot of ink in the investment world, it really wasn't that important in terms of thinking about long-term investing. And the issues that were around before the crisis and after the crisis are really the ones that are the focus -- our focus on deciding when, where and how to invest. Thank you. Let me just say -- one other thing I want to say, I want to add something to my remarks even though there's no question. And that is the issue relating to the FASB and these new accounting rules for insurance companies. They will make it very difficult for investors to be able to understand what's going on within an insurance company and also what's going on within the insurance industry. If these rules get put in place, as proposed by the FASB, it will make it very difficult to compare the numbers from 1 quarter to another quarter within a company, and that's because the reserves are going to be discounted and discount rate is going to change every quarter and can change from one line of business to another line of business. So the measures that we use today to look at our insurance profitability will not be used when as and if these rules are implemented. And likewise, the problem for comparing from one company to another company is that different companies will use different discount rates to compute the present value of their reserves. From my perspective and the perspective of Loews and CNA, the current system that we have in place is tried and true and tested. It is conservative because reserves are not discounted, but the system gives us a very good sense of the profitability of the company, as well as the financial standing of the company. So it's really unclear to us why the FASB wants to tinker with these rules in the first place, but that's what they're doing. Let me turn the call back to Jackie.
