Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Loews' second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions submitted via email by our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief statement of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for a reconciliation to those most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter, but before he does Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, for answering that important question from shareholders. At this time, Nicole, we'd like to hand the call back over to you for questions.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thanks, Nichole. As always, we want to thank all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes the Loews's call.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, David. Man, oh man, I lost my pages, here we go. Thank you, David. Before we turn the call over to Mary, I want to bring up a question that I think is top of mind for most of you; namely, why hasn't Loews bought back more shares considering that the sum of the parts discount is the highest it's been in a number of years. As I'm sure you know, we are well aware of Loews' sum of the parts valuation. In fact, it's something that I track constantly. Judging by the increase in our stock price over the past nine months, it certainly seems that we should have been more active repurchasing our stock. What's held us back is that while Loews almost only seems relatively cheap and even more so now, given the widening discount, the market still seems very high to us. We've been nervous about the equity market for a while and we've been struggling to reconcile our view of the market's absolute level with the relative value of Loews' stock. As you know we take a long-term view on share repurchases. We look for opportunities to repurchase Loews' stock when both its relative and absolute values are attractive. We know that if the stock market declines, our share price will likely move in the same direction. So, given our nervousness about the stock market, we've been waiting for a time to repurchase shares at a more advantageous price. Some of you may think we may be too cautious. You may be right, only time will tell. Historically, though, we have shown that once we are comfortable buying back shares, we buy back a lot of them. In the last two years, our buybacks may have seemed anemic, but over just the last five years we've bought back 14% of our outstanding shares at a cost of approximately $2.5 billion. Clearly, repurchasing our shares remains an important way that we allocate capital to create shareholder value. And now, I'd like to hand the call back to Mary.
James S. Tisch: So, we've owned it now for approximately two months, and it's performing basically exactly the way we had expected it to. When I talked about the potential for double-digit cash-on-cash returns on our investment, that is just what it says. Cash-on-cash, so it doesn't include any factoring in of goodwill, nor of depreciation. And, as I said, in our first two months of ownership we have nothing to disabuse us of our notion that it's going to be a good cash generator for Loews.
James S. Tisch: Yes, in the context of the portfolio, it wasn't big, but there were some losses in the quarter. Gold prices went down during the quarter. But let's keep it all in perspective. Gold is not a big factor in our portfolio. And what we have is a portfolio. So, we have a number of hedge funds, we have a few hundred million dollars in equities, and it just so happened that for the quarter, the hedge fund didn't perform particularly well. Gold was down and the equities that we had didn't perform particularly well.
James S. Tisch: The run rate is that we've got I think about $1 billion of hedge funds, we have like $150 million of gold-related securities, and we have a few hundred million dollars of equities.
James S. Tisch: So drilled but uncompleted wells, otherwise known as DUCs, I am not exactly sure what's been happening to that number. I haven't followed it recently. What we do know is that shale oil production is up rather significantly in the past year. And the general forecast is that U.S. shale oil production can increase by about 1 million barrels per day every year. The question is for how many years will U.S. shale production be able to increase at that rate. And the other question is, what's going to happen to worldwide oil consumption. And most importantly, in my mind, what's going to happen to worldwide oil depletion. Our guess is that the underinvestment in oil exploration and production over the past three years is going to start to take its toll as projects that were completed before that period start to come online and start to deplete. And it's our view that in the coming years there will be a significant need for the offshore oil that has provided up to 30% of the worldwide oil supply. So I would say that we feel that right now, even though you didn't ask about it, we feel that right now we're bouncing along at the bottom with respect to offshore oil drilling. But we believe that there are, as I said, a few greenshoots, and we think that in the coming months and years, there will be more.
James S. Tisch: So, yes, there has been significant scrapping of certain offshore drilling equipment. That's equipment that's generally third- and fourth-generation rigs where there has been an assessment by the individual owners that those rigs it is not worthwhile for them to store those rigs with a hope and expectation that in a number of years they will be able to come back into the market. There is general agreement that there are more than enough fifth- and sixth-generation rigs in order to satisfy the future demand for drilling assets over the coming five years. So I think that it's very possible that some of that scrapping will continue. But I think the important thing to look at is not the scrapping but rather what percent of the fleet is operating and how much of the fifth- and sixth-generation fleets are stacked, and what would be the cost to be able to bring those rigs out of the stack mode when, as, and if the demand increases.
James S. Tisch: So let me just mention a few things. Number one, we think about absolute value versus relative value. I don't think that Loews in any way is overpriced versus the stock market. But the stock market trading at 17x, 18x, or 19x earnings, the fact that interest rates are still as low as they are when we're seeing economic growth of 2.5%. The fact that there's a lot of complacency in all markets, not just the equity markets, leads me, and I'm pleased to say a significant number of other market commentators, to the view that this complacency that we're seeing in the markets can lead to a decline in equity values. When most investors buy Loews' shares, if they change their mind, if they get nervous about the market, they can turn around and sell those shares. When the company buys in the shares, we buy them forever. And so what we are trying to do when we buy our shares is to buy them at the cheapest price we can purchase them at. I understand there are a lot of companies that repurchase their shares, they do it according to a program, and they know every quarter they've budgeted so and so many dollars to buy in their shares. That's not the way we roll. I will stand firmly behind, and I am proud of, our repurchase record that goes back to the 1970s, that we've bought shares at attractive prices over that time period, and in that time period, have probably retired in excess of 75% of our then outstanding shares. So, yes, it is possible that I'm being a bit stubborn that the market is going to go up from here, but we've got to do what we think is right for all the shareholders. And our guess, at this point in time is, as it has been, not to spend our corporate cash on share repurchases. That can change at any point in time without any notice to shareholders, but it's how we come out after assessing all the factors that we consider.
James S. Tisch: Listen, first of all, buying CCC did not in any way hinder our ability to repurchase shares. Even after the CCC acquisitions, we had $5 billion in cash and investments. With respect to bolt-on acquisitions, CCC is ready, willing, and able to do it. They're looking around, they're waiting for the right deal at the right price, and doing bolt-ons is not like buying shares of stock. It's not there is something to do every day. You have to wait for the right opportunity and then seize it. And I promise you that CCC is looking for those opportunities. We discussed it with management, and we have complete confidence in management's ability to over time find the right bolt-on acquisitions for CCC.
James S. Tisch: We haven't fully thought about it. It depends how big the acquisition might be. If it's not too big, certainly CCC can afford it itself. So there are a lot of different factors that will go into it.
David B. Edelson: Bob, I'd also note that the purchase accounting and certain of the purchase accounting entries in the six weeks of the second quarter really related only to the six weeks of the second quarter. There will, of course, be ongoing purchase accounting given the accounting, but these were sort of one-time setup sort of purchase accounting entries.
David B. Edelson: The real change in the quarter, Bob, was just the fact that in the second quarter of last year, gold had extraordinary returns, and in this year's second quarter, as Jim described, gold declined in the quarter. So it was really the year-over-year change that's more remarkable than the absolute return.
David B. Edelson: The way we've structured CCC post the acquisition is they have balance sheet capacity to do bolt-on acquisitions up to a point, of course, but a number of them.
Robert Glasspiegel: Yes, equity. Yes, carrying value, yes. So it'd be great if you could like somehow put that in the supplement or in some other source now that it's no longer in the 10-Qs, your divisional carrying values.
Robert Glasspiegel: I was just curious, I'm trying to get to what the run rate for corporate is, recognizing there's volatility in investment returns prospectively, but...
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. You gave me enough information that I can be a little bit dangerous in my modeling. Thank you.
