James S. Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open the call up for questions, I want to stress that even in these times of dynamic change, Loews and its subsidiaries remain committed to creating value for shareholders over the long-term. It's a goal that has defined us for more than half a century and it continues to define us today. Importantly, in each of our businesses, we have the leadership horsepower needed to fuel this value creation. All of our CEOs are long-term veterans of their industries with the vision, experience and expertise necessary to position each company for future growth and development. At CNA, Tom retirement has overseen the company's dramatic move towards achieving its goal of becoming a top-quartile underwriter, and the company has since 2013 paid out to shareholders more than $2 billion in dividends. At Diamond Offshore, Marc Edwards is leading the charge with grace under extreme pressure. He is revolutionizing the offshore drilling industry with Pressure Control by the Hour and other innovations which are differentiating Diamond from the competition and cementing close relationships with Diamond's customers along the way. Stan Horton at Boardwalk is one of the best strategic thinkers in the natural gas pipeline space. He has envisioned and developed the full slate of very attractive investment opportunities, which will be coming online in the next few years and will form the foundation for growth. And finally at Loews Hotels, Kirk Kinsell is continuing to build on the growth of our Hotel business increasing EBITDA and profitability while creating long-term value. Kirk has been focused on expanding the company's brand equity, attracting and retaining the best talent, and most importantly, creating a wonderful experience for our guests. And while we certainly appreciate the exemplary CEOs at each of our subsidiaries, we know that their efforts are supported and strengthened by their leadership team's deep and talented bench. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mary.
James S. Tisch: So, let me just talk about the CNA purchase. It was really simple for us. The stock was trading at $28 a share. The company for the past two years has paid a $2 special dividend and paid a $0.25 quarterly dividend. The stock was yielding in excess of 10% based on historic dividends. And that just seemed to us to be too high a yield and too cheap a stock, so we decided that we'd buy some shares.
James S. Tisch: Well, first of all, it's not tracking stock, but it is – it does give everybody a sense of the worth or value of CNA. But we just bought like 150,000 shares. There wasn't a lot of stock to buy, so – and we're very, as you saw from our Form 4s, we were very price sensitive about those purchases. So we weren't concerned that we were going to substantially dry up liquidity in the stock.
James S. Tisch: Think of them as completely separate. That CNA has the capacity to borrow on its own balance sheet. And we totally believe that CNA should borrow on the basis of its own balance sheet. If for some reason having for bid, they were in extremis (27:52), then we would consider making along to them, but only that what we consider to be attractive market rates, so that the Loews' shareholders aren't necessarily subsidizing the CNA shareholders. But we hope and expect that each one of our subsidiaries will finance themselves.
James S. Tisch: Look, I guess we could do that, but that's not the way we choose to structure our investment. Loews does not want to be a creditor of CNA and earn on its cash, I don't know – 350 basis points, that's not what we're looking to do with our almost $5 billion of liquidity. We're looking to earn much higher rates of return than that.
James S. Tisch: Yeah. So, we've been reducing our hedge fund investments over the past year or year-and-a-half. But I would say – I have a slightly different take on it than Buffett. I would say that the space has become very crowded and returns have been competed away. When 20-years-ago, there were one or two or 10 payers (30:52) traders, market neutral hedge funds could earn very, very attractive returns. Now that there are hundreds of them, the rate of return that those hedge funds can earn has come down rather dramatically. While Warren Buffett complained about the fees, instead we're looking at the returns. And what we've seen is that, in the past number of years and especially more recently, the returns haven't been there. So we've reduced our investment in hedge funds. What we're doing is that, we're holding those proceeds for a time when other risk assets seemed to be very attractive in the marketplace. That happened between November and February of this year with bank debt and below investment grade bonds, but the market recovered very quickly. But my anticipation is that, in the future, there will be plenty of other opportunities to invest in what we consider to be attractively priced risk assets.
