Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also use non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our Security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to reiterate that Loews is constrained from answering any questions related to the call right under the Boardwalk partnership agreement. For additional information on this topic, please refer to Loews SEC documents that will be filed later today. Now I will hand the call over to Maria to open up the call for questions. Maria, over to you.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Maria. As always, thank you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. Thanks for joining us today.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Loews had a solid first quarter, but before I get into any specifics about our earnings, I want to mention something that those of you who listened to Boardwalk's call this morning will have already heard. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission recently announced a policy change that eliminates an MLP's ability to include an income tax allowance in determining the maximum applicable rates it is allowed to charge customers on its interstate pipelines. The recent tax reform legislation, coupled with FERC's subsequent actions, have sparked a review as to whether Boardwalk should remain a publicly traded master limited partnership. It appears that FERC's action would materially decrease the maximum applicable rates Boardwalk could charge in the future. The effect on max rates may result in Loews being able to exercise a call right under the terms of the Boardwalk partnership agreement. Those terms allow Loews to purchase Boardwalk's outstanding LP units at a formula price. The formula price would be based on the average of the daily closing prices of Boardwalk's common units for a 180-day period prior to the day when and if we exercise our purchase right. This purchase right is further described both in our 10-Q and Boardwalk's 10-Q as well as in Boardwalk's past SEC filings. It is also discussed in Loews' amended Form 13D, which will be filed later today. We at Loews are exploring all our options regarding these developments. Although we expect to be able to make a decision sometime this year, no decisions have yet been made. As you can imagine, we'll have to let our documents speak for themselves since we are constrained from answering any questions on this topic. Luckily, we have other subsidiaries and capital allocation actions that we can discuss. In particular, the earnings for CNA and Loews Hotels have been impressive, so I'd like to give you some color on what's happening in each of these companies. CNA had another phenomenal quarter, delivering a combined ratio of 93.1%, the lowest quarterly underlying combined ratio it's had in over a decade. While the recent tax cuts contributed to its quarterly performance, CNA's substantial earnings increase was primarily due to the strength of its underwriting results. For the quarter, CNA had a pretax underwriting gain of $113 million versus $43 million in the corresponding quarter last year, and adjusted net written premium likewise grew 8%. The company's growth was driven by rate, exposure change and a strong increase in new business as CNA continues to make great strides with its distribution network. While pleased with the strong results, CNA remains committed to further improving its underwriting performance, continuing to strengthen relationships with distributors and diligently managing its expense ratio. Loews and CNA both feel that the company is poised for ongoing responsible growth. And speaking of ongoing responsible growth, Loews Hotels also had a terrific quarter and is off to a great start for the year. A stronger-than-usual tourism market in Florida benefited our recently renovated Loews Miami Beach Hotel. Additionally, in Orlando, our joint venture properties with Universal Studios continued to perform remarkably well. Loews Hotels' adjusted EBITDA was up 30% from last year's first quarter, and this growth was not based solely on the hotel chain's expansion but also on the strong performance of its existing properties. Same-store RevPAR also grew 8% from $188 in last year's first quarter to $203 during the first quarter of 2018. Loews Hotels continues to concentrate on highly profitable, distinguished hotels in the upper upscale market that cater to group business. The company also seeks out properties that have partners who bring with them unique built-in demand generators as it has done so successfully in its long-term partnership at the Universal Orlando resort. The company's flexibility, its agile operating philosophy and its willingness and ability to invest in its own projects all represent competitive advantages. We're confident in this strategy and Loews Hotels' leadership and in the company's ability to create value for our shareholders over the long term. Before I turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson, I want to talk about share repurchases. Over the past 7 months, Loews has repurchased approximately 18.6 million shares or about 5.5% of our outstanding shares at a cost -- at a total cost of almost $1 billion. These buybacks reflect our confidence in our underlying businesses. It's safe to say that share repurchases remain one of our major capital allocation levers for creating long-term value for our shareholders. David, over to you.
James Tisch: Bob, I said in my comment that no decision has been made. So no decision has been made. And as for the rest of your question, I really have to let our filings speak for themselves. They run multiple pages. They are very informative and they should be able to answer all the questions you have.
James Tisch: So what I'd say is that, right now, we have no need to issue additional debt. As David said, at the end of the quarter, we have 4 point -- just about $4.9 billion of cash and investments at the holding company level. And from my perspective, that's plenty of capital to do what we want to do.
James Tisch: Well, in the case of the Miami Beach Hotel, it wasn't closed down, but there were very, very few guests there because it was a major construction site. So we went from very, very little revenues and negative income to very strong income now that the hotel is fully back.
James Tisch: Yes, there was a lot going on and the hotel had, I think, just come back in the first quarter. And additionally, Miami and Florida tourism was affected by Zika last year and that hasn't been an issue this year. So I don't have the specific numbers for the hotel, but there was a significant increase in EBITDA margin that came from those hotels this year compared to last year.
James Tisch: So the Tax Act will benefit Loews. It will help us at basically all of our subsidiaries and so we should be seeing the benefits of that coming through in our income statements. In terms of the parent company and our investments, it's -- we're paying lower tax on gains and investment income, but otherwise it hasn't changed the way that we invest those funds.
James Tisch: Yes, so my current thinking is that the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% will make a very -- cause there to be a significant change in corporate behavior across the economy. In terms of Loews, yes, you have a good memory. About 10 years ago, we thought that the level of the capital gains tax -- corporate capital gains tax at 35% really prevented a lot of transactions from occurring. And now that we're down to a tax rate of 21%, I think that, economy-wide, it will foster transactions to occur that otherwise might not have happened with a 35% tax.
