James Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Today, I'd like to talk briefly about 2 things, CNA and share repurchases. CNA delivered another good quarter, thanks to strong operational results and more normalized catastrophe losses. While good quarterly results are always welcome, at Loews, we understand that there are a number of factors that can positively or negatively impact earnings. And for that reason, we focus on making decisions and running businesses for the long term, and we continue to see positive outcomes from some of the decisions made over the past decade at CNA. CNA has worked hard to strengthen its underwriting talent, improve its technology infrastructure and expand its distribution network, all while maintaining its fortress balance sheet. CNA has also actively managed the risks from its runoff, long-term care segment. On their earnings call earlier this morning, the company's CEO, Dino Robusto; and CFO, James Anderson, walked shareholders through additional details about their long-term care book of business. CNA's proactive management of this business, together with its reserve unlocking at year-end 2015, has led to several years of stable results. And at Loews, we feel great about how they've handled it. Let me hit some of the highlights that Dino and James talked about. First, the long-term care business is a closed book of business that's in the runoff mode. CNA has not written a new individual long-term care policy since 2003. And since 2015, the number of individual policyholders has decreased by 15%. Also, around 2003, CNA stopped accepting new group long-term care policies. The active lives in these group policies have declined 29% since the end of 2015. Additionally, CNA's long-term care book of business is mature. The company has processed more than 100,000 claims, which have yielded solid data that CNA is using to model reserves for the segment going forward. We are confident that CNA's long-term care reserves are built on prudent assumptions. For example, CNA's reserves assume only rate increases that CNA has already filed but have not yet been approved, or rate increases that the company plans to file in the near future as part of a current rate increase program. Beyond that, no other rate increases are assumed. At Loews, we're very interested in CNA's long-term care book of business and their active management of it. We engage with CNA regularly about the company's strategic direction for the long-term care segment as well as its reserves. And we feel confident that CNA is adequately reserved and is managing the business appropriately. And if you need more proof of how we feel about CNA, look no further than our share repurchases. Since the beginning of 2014, we have purchased about 74 million shares of Loews stock at a total cost of $3.2 billion, fully cognizant of CNA's long-term care exposure. As our largest subsidiary, CNA makes up a significant portion of the value of each Loews common share, so our buybacks underscore the confidence we feel in our insurance subsidiary's long-term value-creation power. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 5.5% of our outstanding common stock or more than 18 million shares at a total cost of about $920 million. As long-term listeners to this call know, at Lowes, we don't have an automatic share repurchase program, buying shares no matter what. We are very sensitive to the price we pay for anything, especially our shares. When we can repurchase Loews' shares at below our view of their intrinsic value, we feel that's a great use of our cash. Share buybacks remain one of the most effective ways to invest in our business while also rewarding long-term holders of the stock. Rather than complain about the prices of Loews and CNA, we recognize the gift that the markets are giving us, and we buy our shares. Over to you, David.
James Tisch: We're very happy with our investment in CNA. We're buying in the shares of Loews. For every share of Loews, there's more than 0.77 shares of CNA. So for the life of me, I can't imagine why it is we should sell shares of CNA. We think Loews is cheap. We think CNA is cheap.
James Tisch: The last sentence of my comments said that if the market isn't going to price our shares and CNA's shares accordingly, we'll just take the gift and buy in the shares. Listen, I would love for CNA to be at a price that reflects its true value. But as you know, I don't complain about it. We put our money where our mouth is instead.
James Tisch: So we're pleased with the increase in treasury rates. That should allow CNA to get a higher rate of returning on money that it has to reinvest that is otherwise might have earlier this year or over the past few years. In terms of equities, we're not making a big change to our portfolio now. As David has said, we have reduced our hedge fund portfolio somewhat, reflective the fact -- of the fact that we have $3 billion to $3.5 billion of investment assets rather than $5 billion. And likewise, there's been a slight reduction of hedge funds at CNA. But otherwise, there has been no major moves in the portfolios. One other thing that -- I'm sorry, one other thing that's happened is that as a result of the tax bill, we've -- at CNA, they've begun to reduce their municipal bond portfolio, and that's because with a 35% tax rate, immunities have a lot more value to CNA than when the corporate tax rate is 21%.
James Tisch: Yes. And when you think about it, CNA has a 21% tax rate. Individuals in New York State, they have close to a 50% tax rate. So immunities are much more valuable to individuals than they are to corporations.
