James S. Tisch: I would just say, it was more about not being in the strong sectors of the stock market. We didn't really have any significant bets in fixed income. And part of the problem is that cash earned were pretty close to 0, so you don't get any benefit from -- to your income statement for having cash. So this was all about just being in the wrong sectors in the stock market.
James S. Tisch: We are -- first of all, we are not short in the bond market, but the partnerships that we've invested in the quarter, as you saw at CNA, were down. And the market for -- even though -- first of all, I think as of June, the market was not up very much -- at the end of June, as of July 1. And I think that the problem is the market is pretty directionless. And so it's been difficult, I think, for all participants in the equity markets to generate returns.
James S. Tisch: I'm very concerned. And in fact, I find it actually quite extraordinary that we find ourselves with attractive investment opportunities at the subsidiary level in view of just how poorly, I think, the U.S. economy and the global economy is doing. I think that's driven by the fact that each one of our individual businesses has been able to find attractive bolt-on acquisitions that we hope will generate very attractive returns for us. But in the United States, we've got 1.5% economic growth. The Eurozone is not growing. The emerging markets are not emerging as fast as they had been before. And nobody -- you don't see anybody really expressing optimism about what's going on in the economy either here in the United States or overseas. So for a whole host of reasons, I don't see growth picking up any time soon. But having said that, I'm very pleased with the opportunities that we're seeing in our individual businesses.
James S. Tisch: No, I don't think so. I think this is a long time coming. They have rated us A2. Just for a little perspective, we have $700 million of debt and we have $3.7 billion of cash and investments. So our cash and investments covers our debt by a factor of 5x. I do not know what we need to do to get an upgrade from here. But it just seems that the metrics for an upgrade on Loews debt is crazy, and this one was long overdue. But again, I think of Loews as a AA-rated company.
James S. Tisch: So we've just started in the past several months, in the Mississippian lime. It took some time because permitting work and disposal well drilling that we had to do. And I'm hopeful that in the next quarter, we'll be able to report some preliminary results that we're seeing there, as well as possibly report on how we're doing in the Wolfcamp zone, so we're drilling in the Permian Basin in our Sonora properties.
James S. Tisch: So first of all, gas is actually been staging a pretty significant rally. The 12-month strip in the past 4 or 5 months is up about, I think, $0.90 -- hold on 1 second. The strip is up to $3.56, whereas in April, it was about $1 lower. So there has been a significant rally in gas prices already. Spike gas prices, last I looked, about just under $3.20 an Mcf. Just as a reminder, that's the equivalent to about $19 a barrel of oil. So even though gas has had a significant rally, it is still very, very cheap relative to oil. And at the $3.20 level, it's still at a price where, for most people drilling for natural gas -- for dry gas, it is generally uneconomic to drill at these prices. So we've seen the rig count -- the natural gas rig count in the past year or so virtually cut in half as people are laying down natural gas rigs. I think that the rally in natural gas has already started, but it still has a ways to go. And I think, as I've said before on these calls, I think that the steady state equilibrium price for natural gas in the United States is probably somewhere between $4 and $4.50 an Mcf. We have, at HighMount, we've been looking to diversify our portfolio. We have plenty of gas in the ground that can be produced at higher natural gas prices. And so we've been -- we have acquired, last year, properties that we think are rich in oil. And our drilling programs have been focused on drilling for oil and natural gas liquids. And so we are moving to diversify HighMount away from just being focused on natural gas.
