Jim Tisch: Sure. So as David said, a year ago, we had about $4.7 billion in cash and liquid investments and today that number is about $3.5 billion. The reason the cash and liquid investments has declined is because offsetting the close to $1 billion of cash inflow that we had from dividends over the past year from our subsidiaries, we spent $1.5 billion acquiring the minority interest in Boardwalk, we also spent approximately $1 billion on share repurchases. So with $3.5 billion rather than close to $5 billion, we decided that we needed to make some adjustments in our investment portfolio. And one of the areas where we especially wanted to make an adjustment was in our hedge funds. We've decided that the returns that we've received on the hedge funds haven't been sufficient for the risk. My guess for why that's been the case, is that, the hedge fund space, as I think everybody knows is very, very crowded and returns have been competed away. So we still retain about $250 million in hedge funds, and we also have approximately $600 million in equities and other than that, our investments are primarily in treasury bills, treasury notes and other short-term money market instruments.
Jim Tisch: So what I find so amazing is that dry powder within the private equity world continues to move upwards and the leverage markets have also been very accommodating to highly levered transactions. So in my mind this has created a massive supply demand imbalance between assets that are for sale and buyers that are equal - that are eager to buy them. So what's happened is that multiples have moved up rather significantly and they've moved up in just about every sub-sector of the market. Making matters worse, investment bankers and sellers have found adjustments to earnings with which to market their assets. There is now a term called adjusted EBITDA, and as you might imagine, when someone is selling a business, adjusted EBITDA is higher oftentimes, significantly higher than the stated EBITDA. Those adjustments reflect what sellers considered to be one-time cost that should be excluded and future benefits, that should be included. So as a result, while the fancy charts may show private asset multiples approaching their 07 peaks. It's my estimation that in fact, they far surpass it. And as I would like to say, welcome to the world of low interest rates. My guess is that what we've seen going on will persist for some time and while we remain dutifully on watch for any potential opportunities, I'm basically pretty skeptical that we'll be adding a new leg in this environment. What I'm seeing today is that you really need synergies in order to make the math on any corporate acquisition work. So for all of these reasons, we continue to acquire assets where we currently have strong businesses that can make use of the synergies, but it seems to me, highly unlikely that we'll get into any new industry or business at this point in time.
Jim Tisch: So let me start with an update on our investment thesis in CCC, a reminder for you. We were attracted to CCC because it was a good size player in a highly, highly fragmented market that we felt could serve as a platform for growth for Loews in the packaging industry. As I mentioned on the call, in the past several years, Loews - since Loews acquired CCC, we've made six tuck-in acquisitions. These acquisitions have helped us to diversify CCC away from the dairy and water packaging business which has been declining and it's also these acquisitions have also added very significant post acquisitions synergies. These tuck-ins were all financed self funded by CCC. But all is not entirely sunshine in those, there are headwinds on the - in the industry, including increased labor costs and also a steeper decline in the dairy and water volumes than we had previously expected. But overall, the original investment thesis still holds. Now in terms of adding value to their customers, CCC's first step with any customer is to try to understand what their priorities are and to develop our customized packaging solution for them. So one example of providing value added is our recent CCC innovation that adds value not only by helping customers meet their needs, but also by reducing the impact of plastic packaging on the environment, and specifically, what I'm talking about is a product from CCC called Dura-Lite, it's a - in the packaging world, it really is a major leap forward. Dura-Lite was introduced in 2016, and it's a technology that creates a plastic container that is as strong or stronger than the original, but using the 10% to 20% less resin. So Dura-Lite bottles now make up more than 50% of all the dairy and water gallon bottles that CCC ships. And a side effect of that is that the Dura-Lite product has translated into 9 million fewer pounds of resin being used by CCC which gets us to the environmental part of the question. CCC is also, I'm proud to say, the second largest producer in United States of recycled high-density polyethylene, which is the major resin that CCC uses. In the past, manufacturers have been reticent to use recycled resin in packaging, because it was more expensive per unit than virgin resin. But more recently, do I believe to the focus on sustainability, that picture has started to change and we're seeing that more companies are taking an interest in using this greener somewhat more expensive packaging material. I'd like to add that CCC takes very seriously the impact the plastic packaging has on the earth and it continues to develop solutions that are better for the world and better for CCC's customers. Thanks.
Jim Tisch: So my outlook is that the offshore drilling business is going to come back at some point in time. What I'm pleased about with respect to Diamond is that it has a fleet that is very strong and capable and when the recovery comes which eventually will, I believe that Diamond will be able to do well in that environment. I think that a big problem for offshore drilling has been the price of oil, which has been not only volatile, but relatively low, it's competing with Shale production, which offshore drilling has been competing with Shale production and right now that is the flavor du jour for the oil markets. But while all this time has passed and while the offshore drilling market has been weak, what we've seen is a large amount of scrapping in the offshore drilling space. I've been through this movie once before in the supertanker business, in the early to mid '80s and there are two things that are going on simultaneously. Number one, we're seeing that demand is going down and we're also seeing that rigs are being laid up, and as they get laid up and those companies don't have the funds to maintain and invest in those rigs, they deteriorate sitting on the water as they do a highly corrosive environment and after a few years of that rigs become more and more expensive to reactivate. So my guess is that over the next several years, we're going to - if oil prices don't improve and if activity doesn't increase - does not increase significantly, we will see more rigs scrapped no longer in the market. And then at some point in time, the supply and the demand curve will change, there will be more demand for rigs and bingo, there won't be enough supply and before you know it, rates will go up again. So my view is that there will be at some point in time a change in the marketplace. Going back to my $2 comment, I mentioned that because Diamond Offshore is consolidated with Loews. And so it's earnings show up in our net income numbers and the mention of $2 was simply a reflection of the fact that even though those profit and loss numbers may be significant within Loews that the total value of our investment according to Mr. Market is less than $2 per Loews share.
Jim Tisch: So Diamond has added 4.5 years of backlog at attractive rates. We believe the Diamond based on the way it's financed has a very strong runway. And we believe that Diamond can do well in an improving environment which I think is coming. As for additional investments, we'll have to wait and see just what the opportunities are, and we will do whatever is in the best interest of the Loews shareholders.
Jim Tisch: No, not really. The - we have - the coupons that we have are Loews debt range from 2% and 5% ways to 6%. We don't feel that additional debt at the Loews level will make a significant difference for how we operate the business. So notwithstanding the low rates, Loews is now looking to raise any more debt. For our subsidiaries, they're using the opportunity to refinance some of their debts, but we're not borrowing speculatively at this point in time, and have no intention to do so.
Jim Tisch: So as you know from time to time, we have provided financing for our subsidiaries. But as a general principle, we want our subsidiaries to finance themselves and they all know and understand that and have structured the finances in such a way that they can get that outside financing.
