Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Lori, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Loews Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. But before we begin, I would like to remind that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I would now like to turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. This concludes the prepared remarks portion of our call. Lori, I'd like to hand the call back over to you so you can open it up for questions.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thanks, Lori. We just want to thank you, all, for your continued interest. And remind you that a replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately 2 hours. That concludes today's call.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, we wanted to summarize our focus as we think about our businesses. For Diamond, the offshore drilling industry is in the throes of a challenging cyclical downturn. We've seen this movie before, and we are encouraging Diamond to use this downturn to seize opportunities to strengthen and expand its business. The U.S. energy markets are experiencing tremendous changes, which have affected Boardwalk. U.S. natural gas and liquids production is forecast to continue growing meaningfully over the coming years. We expect the accompanying growth and demand for transportation and storage will present attractive opportunities for Boardwalk to expand the utilization of its existing network while also extending the network's reach. CNA enters 2015 laser-focused on improving its underwriting performance. The company's underlying combined ratio continues to decline, but there remains room for improvement as CNA works towards the goal of becoming a top quartile underwriter. We will be keeping a close eye on underwriting profitability especially at CNA Commercial. And finally, Loews Hotels is welcoming a new CEO and continuing its focus on growth and profitability. As always, we stand ready to help Loews Hotels fund its growth plan. Overall, there is tremendous change happening across our portfolio of businesses. This coming year will continue to be challenging for some of our subsidiaries, and we are focusing on turning those challenges into opportunities that will benefit our shareholders well into the future. As always, Loews is focused on managing capital to achieve the best long-term return for our shareholders, whether it's through share repurchases, investing in one of our subsidiaries or adding another business to our portfolio. We have found that disciplined capital management, coupled with a diverse portfolio of businesses, is an exceptional way to create value over time. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Mary.
James S. Tisch: All right. So you can assume that if there's no quarter-to-date specified on the release, that there weren't any.
James S. Tisch: So we bought the shares simply because we thought they were very cheap and inexpensive relative to where the stock had been over the past 7 or 8 years and also where it is today in the marketplace. It's our -- I think it reflects our belief that there is a future for the offshore drilling industry.
James S. Tisch: Look, I think it can take several years for the offshore drilling industry to improve. My guess is it's still declining. But where stock is priced is oftentimes different than how an industry is behaving. And we just felt comfortable buying shares when we did.
James S. Tisch: There have been very few asset transactions in the industry recently other than scrapping of rigs. So it really is quite difficult to say what is the fair market value today for something like a fifth- or sixth-generation rig. So since there have been no transactions, we don't fully know what the asset values, as determined by the market, currently are.
James S. Tisch: Yes. Like I said, I think the industry is still declining. I think day rates can continue to go down for a while. Certainly, oil companies are not anxious about drilling now, combined with the fact that there continue to be new rigs that are entering the fleet, rigs that had been ordered 2, 2.5 and 3 years ago. So there is more supply coming on to the market in an environment where oil companies are stepping back. That says to me that day rates can continue to move down. But oil at $40, $50 or, in my opinion, $60 a barrel is not what I would call a steady-state price for oil. I think it has to be -- my guess is it has to be somewhere between $70 and $90 per barrel. And my guess is that, as they say, in the fullness of time, once we get to -- when and if we get to those prices and some stability returns to the oil market, I think that utilization will start to increase. Like I said, I don't know the timing, but I certainly believe that it will happen. The other thing that the oil industry overall has going for it is depletion. The world today produces about 95 million barrels a day of oil. And the estimates are that growth in demand is about 1 million barrels per day every year. So that means that next year instead of demand being 95 million barrels, demand will be 96 million barrels a day. But that doesn't mean that the industry has to find an additional 1 million barrels a day. What it means, in fact, is the industry probably has to find 6 million barrels a day. Because in the course of the year, if no exploration is done, productive capacity worldwide will drop from 95 million to 90 million. So the industry needs to find the 5 million just to make up for what was depleted and then find an additional 1 million barrels of capacity. My sense is that at the price that we have for oil today, we are not replacing all the oil that is depleting. And so my guess is over the next few years, if prices stay down here, we will start to see declines in productive capability.
James S. Tisch: I think that -- actually, I'm -- I've been fairly sanguine about pricing in the commercial P&C space. And the reason for it is because of the extraordinary capital discipline that has been in place for the past 5 or 10 years in the industry. The industry generates lots of excess capital. And what we see from a lot of companies in the industry is that with the combination of share repurchases and dividends, companies are returning their -- the entire amount of capital that they've earned in the past year. And in fact, some companies are returning more than they're earning. So in the old days, we used to have exaggerated cycles in this industry because companies retained so much capital. But now that, that capital is being recycled through share repurchases and dividends, I just don't see the capacity pressure that drives down prices like we've seen in prior cycles. So prices now, we're still getting probably 2% to 4% price increases. That's generally good enough to cover inflation, which the federal government tells us, is about 1.5%. CNA is also busily re-underwriting its commercial book of business. So I'm hopeful that even in this price environment, over time, CNA can continue to bring down its combined ratio as we strive to become a top quartile commercial lines underwriter.
James S. Tisch: I would say been there, done that, got the T-shirt. We were in the E&P business, and we have no desire to go back in. We are very happy with our 2 energy subsidiaries, Boardwalk and Diamond. For the most part, they are capable of financing themselves. If for some reason, one or both might need some financing, we would seriously consider it. But those 2 companies, going forward, are going to be our exposure to energy. And in particular, with respect to Boardwalk, it tends not to move on the base -- its business isn't affected based upon the price of the commodity that it's transporting. But unlike Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore, as we all well know, can move dramatically based on the price of oil. So to the extent that the oil market is going to recover, I strongly believe that we will benefit from that through improvements in Diamond's business and hopefully its stock price.
James S. Tisch: I think the biggest level of opportunity, for those that want to pursue things that are down and out, is the energy market. And we read in the newspapers lots of people who -- lots of people and organizations that are loading their gun, looking to make investments in the energy market. Beyond that, I don't see anything that's as obvious. And I think part of the problem goes back to interest rates. Interest rates are extraordinarily low. With 10-year notes trading below 2% and long bonds trading at 2.5%, there's no doubt in my mind that the -- what the Federal Reserve has done through its quantitative easing is created a squeeze in the long end of the market. There are plenty of investors that need long-dated securities for pension funds and other types of products that they offer. And they just can't get enough of those securities. The Fed owns probably $4 trillion, $3.5 trillion or $4 trillion of long-dated securities. Those are securities that are out of the market. So as a result, there is a squeeze as people clamor for securities that just are not available. So I believe that intermediate to long rates are at manipulated low rates. And the problem with that is that the 10- and 30-year treasury act as benchmarks for all manner of investments in the financial markets and the real estate markets and the capital spending market. So those that are making the decision on either stocks, capital spending or real estate are using a benchmark that, in my opinion, is below its free-market rate. And that's going to cause -- that causes many, many assets to be overpriced compared to where we would think the fair market value of those assets is.
James S. Tisch: So it's an interesting question, but I can't give you an exact answer. Because in fact, I can't tell you right now what is the market day rate for, say, a new fifth- or sixth-generation drillship. There haven't been any fixtures recently. My guess is it's between $300,000 and $400,000 a day, but it's really difficult to say. What I would say is that in an environment of oil prices that are, number one, $30 higher than they are today; and number two, where the volatility has -- or much of the volatility has left the oil market, in that environment, I could see that day rates would be higher than they are today. These assets cost about $600 million to build. And in order for someone to buy -- to order a new one, they have to get a return on their investment that makes it worthwhile for them to take that risk. So my guess is that for someone to order a new rig, they would need to anticipate that they could earn, say, $100 million -- at least $100 million on that investment. $100 million is about $250,000 to $300,000 a day that has to be earned. You pile on top of that the daily operating costs of approximately $200,000. And what you see is that before anybody is going to go out and order a new rig, they have to be pretty sure that they're going to be able to earn between $450,000 and $500,000 a day on that asset. And my expectation is that we are not going to be seeing significant new construction for a long time until we do get to that place where pricing is at, what I would call, replacement price levels.
James S. Tisch: So I think the general agreement by those that study the oil markets, be it the AEI, the IEA or private forecasters, there's general agreement that oil consumption is going to -- worldwide oil consumption is going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. So I'm not worried about that. And likewise, when we think about -- as I said before, when we think about consumption growing, we have to remember that it's not just 1 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add. It's more like 5 million, 6 million or 7 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add. So the marketplace, once it reaches an equilibrium, will -- the market price for oil will set to a level that makes it such that enough oil can be found in order to supply the world with what's being demanded. And like I said, my guess is that, that's somewhere between $75 and $90 a barrel. And my guess is that, at those levels, offshore drilling will be very attractive for oil companies.
James S. Tisch: Yes. At year end, we had $250 million to $300 million of equity. We had another $900 million or so of limited partnership investments and the rest was in primarily fixed income or money market instruments.
James S. Tisch: So my guess is if the stock market goes down, you'll see us buying more stock. If we spend a significant amount of cash, you might see us reduce our investment in hedge funds. The hedge funds that were invested in for the Loews account are -- there are about 12 or 13 different funds that were invested in. They're all -- those investments were all made with an eye for being able to get our funds back relatively quickly. So to the extent that we were to spend a significant amount of money, we might liquidate some of those investments.
James S. Tisch: We have no -- there are no particular sectors that we're looking at right now, nothing that's really caught our fancy.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. And in prior quarters, you've put year-to-date -- quarter-to-date purchases on the release, so that seemed to be a change.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. On the Diamond Offshore purchase, I think this is your first purchase of shares from them in a long, long time. What's your buy thesis on increasing your stake? Given that this is a semipermanent acquisition, you're a little bit more careful in how you buy sub-stocks traditionally.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. So you've been very successful in investing in this arena in the past. Any intelligence that you're able to provide, much appreciated.
