James S. Tisch: It all depends -- Michael, it all depends on which pipes you're looking at. It's really a total mixed bag. For LDCs, local distribution companies, and municipalities, there might be one rate. For people that are looking to go on the pipeline superhighway, there might be another rate. And it all depends on -- a lot on location, where the gas is coming from and where it's going to. As a general rule, as you might expect, for lines coming out of Texas and going up to Marcellus, subject to whether other lines service -- provide service for where someone specifically wants to go but the pricing is somewhat weaker than previously because of the increased production in the Marcellus Shale that's being consumed in the Northeast.
James S. Tisch: Boardwalk only builds lines when it has commitments that allow it to earn an attractive return on its capital. And if you noticed, in fact the last 2 acquisitions that Boardwalk has made has been in the area of storage, specifically for salt domes to store natural gas and also to store natural gas liquids.
James S. Tisch: I don't think that Boardwalk has disclosed a specific anticipated return on investment. But let me just say we think that it's very attractive. And those acquisitions also can lead to very attractive organic growth projects that can have yet even higher returns than the acquisition itself.
James S. Tisch: All I can say is we spent $88 million to buy 2.2 million shares in the third quarter. And as you know, we do not talk about what our plans are for future repurchases.
James S. Tisch: That was from 2010 until the third quarter of 2012. So that was -- in addition to the $6 billion of commitments and capital spending that our subsidiaries have made and that we helped to finance in some cases, Loews has also spent $1.2 billion buying in its own shares.
James S. Tisch: Listen, we think CNA is very, very strong. Before we do anything, we want to see the ratings of CNA increased. CNA currently has a claims paying rating from Moody's and Standard and Poor's of A-. We think it should be A. And we are hopeful that soon, that the rating agencies will recognize everything that's been done at CNA and raise its ratings. In terms of capital planning, as you see -- or as you saw 1.5 years ago, CNA started paying dividends, and that's basically the extent of what we've been thinking about in terms of capital planning at CNA.
James S. Tisch: We don't -- as you know, we don't talk about specific numeric returns on capital that we're looking for or expecting. But there's no doubt that we're hoping to get to higher rates of return. And while we're pleased with the earnings that we're -- we've got, we're not pleased with the rates of return, and you can be sure that the management at CNA is working very, very hard to increase those rates.
James S. Tisch: Sure. Actually, I think gas prices, truth be told, have come back faster than I would have expected. I think that we, as a nation -- first of all, the natural gas picture has changed dramatically over the past 5 years. In the past 5 years, gas has gone from a commodity that was seen to be in shortage, where it traded in '08 at $15 an Mcf, and now it is a commodity that is seen to be in vast abundance. The United States has about, that we know of now, about 100 years' supply of natural gas. As a country, we produce about 65 billion cubic feet per day, and we could increase that production by 50%, in my opinion, with a gas price in the $4 to $4.50 range. So what's needed now for the gas market is just continued demand growth. Demand growth has come over the past several years from the power sector as gas has taken significant market share from coal. But I anticipate in the future that there will be increases in other sectors' demand for gas as well as continued increases in -- from the power sector. I'm also hopeful that over the intermediate term, 3 to 5 years, there will also be significant increases in natural gas coming from the exportation of natural gas. That will -- exporting natural gas will benefit a lot of people. First of all, for every additional 1 billion cubic feet of natural gas that we produce a day, it should increase jobs -- my number is 7,000 to 10,000 jobs per billion cubic feet, permanent jobs. Again, Juergen's [ph] using a number of about 40,000 additional jobs per billion cubic feet. So exploiting gas will improve employment by some significant amount. It will also improve our trade deficit and our current account deficit. So those are all positives. And I believe that this all can be done in an environment where natural gas prices remain under -- remain at about $4.50 per Mcf. It will also be -- one other thing, it also will be very transformative for our economy as we as a nation switch over time, over the next several years, starting with heavy trucks and buses and inner city delivery vehicles from oil and diesel to natural gas. It will be good for the environment. It will be good for our economy. It will bring costs down dramatically. I can see railroads switching from diesel fuel to natural gas. In fact, there are railroads that are already beginning to experiment with that. And when one railroad or one trucker does that, then others will have to follow very quickly because gas trades at such a significant discount to oil. While West Texas Intermediate is about $86 a barrel and international oil, as measured by Brent, is $20 higher, we have natural gas that's trading at under $4 an Mcf, which is the equivalent of less than $25 a barrel. So as I said before, natural gas in the United States in BTUs on the cheap, and the invisible hand of the markets will drive oil consumers to make the switch to natural gas and we will all be better off as a result.
James S. Tisch: So yes, we do have a lot of natural gas liquids. We've seen a tremendous change in the market for natural gas liquids as ethylene crackers are being -- are on the drawing board and ready for construction. I've seen plans for some people to export LPG. There's just an awful lot that's going on in the natural gas liquids market in order, number one, for consumers to make use of this very attractively priced by-product oils for it to be exported. So there's a lot going on in it.
James S. Tisch: So first of all, the comparison with Boone Pickens. I sort of accept that as a compliment. I want to say, though, that I am not calling for the government to fund anything with respect to getting to increase consumption of natural gas. I believe that the free market can do that on its own. With respect to...
James S. Tisch: Okay. Then with respect to -- specifically with respect to HighMount, we have an awful lot of gas in the ground at -- in Sonora, Texas. I think right now, it's at least 1 trillion feet. And if gas prices go higher, I think the amount that we have in the ground will go higher because it will become more economic to produce it. There are 2 ways that we could push the button to restart drilling in Sonora. One is if natural gas prices go up. The other is if we can reduce the cost of drilling for natural gas there. And we are looking very, very carefully at how we can drill wells there to get natural gas production at prices that are lower than -- at costs that are lower than historically we have been able to drill for natural gas. So if we're able to do that, if prices go up a bit, then it's possible that we could restart drilling in Sonora, Texas.
James S. Tisch: We -- listen, I don't want to give a specific number. But let me just say that right now, we are not at a level where we are -- where it is economic for us to drill for natural gas. But as I said, we are working to see how we can drill for a cheaper price, a cheaper cost, so that the gas production will be economic. And let me just give you some range. We are -- when I talk about these higher prices, I'm not talking about $7 or $8 an Mcf. It's substantially lower than that, but it's also higher than where we are today.
James S. Tisch: I believe we've been through this drill before, through power failures and the like. There is -- especially in times of crisis or emergency, there is an extraordinary esprit de corp. At times like this, guests tend not to expect 4.5 star service. They're happy to have a clean bed in a clean bedroom. And I'm pleased to say that the hotels can provide that and more. And the management of the hotel goes far out of its way. The workers go far out of their way. And they're all able to achieve a product that the guests truly appreciate.
