Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Thank you for your monolog on accounting. I testified at FASB against realized gains and losses going above along the income statement a long time ago, and I can tell you, they seem to have very little interest in usability and functionality for insurance investors and their thought process, so I am pessimistic that you’ll be able to change their thought process, but I agree with the intent and your prediction of what will happen is certainly right on.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Will Loews be willing to commit more money to Diamond if there was an opportunity that was too big for Diamond itself to finance.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay last question. Is HighMount’s quarter sort of representative of the run rate of current earnings or is there something -- I know there is seasonality as well, but just looking at the year over year trends, as we look for, if the current status of the markets continue for rough comparisons.
James Tisch: Rob, if you want to pessimistic then don’t send your cards and letters. If you want a chance of changing it, then let your voice be heard, because my guess is that a lot of tabloids [ph] are expressing their opinion loud and clear to the FASB, but investment professionals who are actually responsible for managing money and doing serious published investment analysis are not being heard, and those are the people that really need to communicate with FASB.
James Tisch: The for-sale signs are not ours. But having said that there are indicators that seems to be signaling that rig transactions will take place over the next six months to a year. First of all day-rates are down significantly from their peak, there are a number of rigs floaters that are in the yard scheduled to come out of the yard that don’t have contracts.  There are many rigs where the owners are highly levered and now this latest event, the blow out in the Gulf of Mexico, that I believe has sent fifth and sixth generation rig rates down yet even lower. And so all of those factors lead me to believe that, as I said over the next six to twelve months there will be rigs that become available for sales.
James Tisch: I don’t know. I will never say never, and I don’t like answering hypothetical questions. What I should say is that Diamond has already bought two rigs. With the current dividend policy, Diamond will continue to accumulate significant amount of cash and my thinking, and I think the Board of Diamond, their thinking is that Diamond will have the wherewithal to be able to make acquisition on their own without any outside help.
James Tisch: Look, each of our subsidiaries, their marching orders are to finance their own capital needs. And what happened in ‘08 were really extraordinary events, and I would expect that only in very, very extraordinary times will the subsidiary need to come to the parent hat in hand looking for financing. Otherwise, for the public subsidiaries we expect them to finance themselves.
James Tisch: Yes, we’ve said before, we obviously hold some cash in reserve just because you never know what’s going to happen in this world, but we have cash in excess of that reserve amount that we feel even that can be used to repurchase shares, that can be used to buy other assets, either companies or individual assets. Or it can just stay and accumulate on our balance sheet. We don’t let it burn a hole in our pockets.
James Tisch: My view on the economy actually is the same that it’s been for the past two or three years. The decline that we had in ’08 and going into ‘09 came about, because of an over levered U.S. economy and as a result of the economy being over levered it is very difficult to get that bounce of the bottom that you would ordinarily expect from a recession.  So, we are now growing probably over the last quarter, the second quarter I think came in at 2.4% and many analysts are now forecasting that going forward in the second half of the year, we could have growth of less than that amount because of the fiscal drag coming about from state, government as well as the way the stimulus money starts to ebb as well. So, I am generally in agreement. I think that the second half of the year, growth should probably be in the zero to 2% and I think going forward its going to be very difficult to get this economy cranking at a faster rate growth because of the continued high levels of debts.  So, when we factor that into our forecast for individual companies, I just don’t understand how the bottoms up analysis of earnings that gets you to this enormous growth in [S&P] earnings is actually going to come to fruition, and so when we think about acquisition, we think about it in the context of full growth [ph] economy as opposed to an economy that’s going to take off.
