Jim Tisch: Sure, Mary. On CNA's earnings call earlier today, Dino Robusto, the CEO of CNA, mentioned that in March of 2021 that CNA had sustained, what he called, a sophisticated cybersecurity attack. The attack caused a network disruption and impacted some of CNA's systems. As soon as they detected the attack, CNA took steps to address the incident including, among other things, engaging a team of third-party forensic experts and notifying law enforcement and also key regulators. CNA has restored the network systems and resumed full normal operations. The company is continuing to assess the full extent of the impact from the incident, as well as determining any additional actions that it might take in order to improve its existing systems. Based on what CNA knows now, it does not appear, it's important, it does not appear that the cyberattack will have a material impact on CNA's business, either financially or operationally.
Jim Tisch: Sure. That's a reasonable question. There were a number of reasons, especially from a portfolio optimization standpoint, that we felt that the time was right for us to monetize a portion of our ownership in Altium. As I said in my remarks, our goal when acquiring a new subsidiary is to have it return capital to Loews when the time is right, and we thought the time was right now. Through Altium's dividend recap in February of this year, and then with the sale of a 47% stake of the company to GIC, the Singapore Wealth Fund, we have recouped our entire initial equity investment in Altium. And we still own 53% of the company, which allows us to be able to participate in the company's future growth. So we fully believe in Altium's long-term prospects. And I think the management team at Altium is truly top-notch. And we've also added a strong partner in GIC and the new ownership structure provides financial flexibility for Altium, especially if they pursue larger acquisitions.
Jim Tisch: Or as I call it, the Texas freeze off. So the impact of February winter storm in Texas was devastating for the people of Texas, leaving many people without power or heat for the duration of the storm. The Boardwalk team did an incredible job, though, due in large part to many planning hours that were dedicated to the preparation for such an event. And as a result, the company was ready to deliver gas to customers on time during and after the storm. Through careful operational management and increased staffing in a number of key areas, Boardwalk was able to successfully meet their customers' need for gas despite low inflows into the Boardwalk Pipelines system. As was with the rest of the area, the Boardwalk system faced historically low temperatures and widespread power outages, but was able to continue operating on backup power when necessary. So they really performed admirably during that event.
Jim Tisch: It reminds me of the old saying, he who lives by the crystal ball and must learn to eat ground glass, but I will persevere nonetheless. So in my opinion, the economy is doing very well, thank you. There's enormous pent-up consumer demand and with the combination of government stimulus and vaccines, that will add yet more fuel to this fire in the economy, this growth in the economy. For many in the middle and upper income classes, there was very little to spend on during the lockdowns. There was no travel. There were no restaurants. There was no entertainment other than Netflix. And the savings rates for the past year has been at all-time highs at close to 20%, which is extraordinary, considering that the norm is about 7.5%. In our hotel business, we're seeing the beginnings of the increase in travel. In some areas, one of the chief constraints to increasing our occupancy rate is staffing. Staffing is also a constraint in our packaging subsidiary, Altium. So what I can foresee are double-digit increases in GDP, driven by consumer demand, but I can also see significant inflation coming from two very distinct sources. The first source is cost push inflation. Especially at the lower end of the pay grade, I see significant increases in wages needed to get people back on to the job. As I said, we're having trouble finding people to work at Altium, and likewise, Loews Hotels, and to combat that, there's been serious increases in wages. The other thing that's adding to the cost push inflation is that commodities of all sorts are breaking out on the upside. There's copper, there's corn, iron ore, wood, lumber, you name it, commodities are rallying. So businesses are experiencing a lot of increases in their inputs into what they sell. The second part of the inflation story, in my mind, comes from the demand pull inflation. I see -- I foresee significant consumer inflation coming from the easing of the pandemic and people making up for a lost year last year of spending. So inflation that was 1.5% to 2%, in my opinion, could be significantly higher in the coming years, because of the dramatic increase in demand, combined with the dramatic increase in costs at businesses. So with this as my base, for the life of me, I don't understand what the Fed and what the Biden administration are doing. Let's start with the Fed. They've got their heads in the sand, in my opinion. The economy is starting to boom, yet we have 0% short-term interest rates, 0%, and inflation is moving up. And they're still managing -- the Fed is still managing both medium and long-term rates. So that 10-year notes are now under 160. Inflation is significantly over that and typically, 10-year notes traded at 200 basis points to 300 basis point premium to inflation. So as a result, no one wants to own term treasury securities. And in fact, the only people who are buying them are people who need to own them, for example, insurance companies that have to have fixed income securities. And the other major, major purchaser of those securities is the Fed itself. My fear -- my fear is that the Fed is keeping the proverbial punch ball out for the revelers for much too long. In fact, they've said that, that's exactly what they're doing. The Fed said that. And to me, it seems crazy. With respect to fiscal policy, there are so many trillion-dollar proposals out there that I can't keep them straight. In Washington, D.C., modern monetary theory is the new paradigm. Modern monetary theory says that basically, deficits don't matter. That the government can spend whatever it wants. My view, these politicians and economists are truly kidding themselves. We as a nation are in an extended sugar high that is being elongated by the Fed and the administration's policies, and I'm concerned that at some point down the road, we, as a nation, are going to have to pay a serious price for it. So just to sum up, as a result of increased consumer demand coming out of the pandemic and also the dramatically increasing government spending, and as I mentioned, the cost push pressures and also the demand pull pressures, as a result of all of these factors, I see very strong growth for at least the next several quarters, combined with relatively high inflation, which makes me bearish on intermediate and long-term interest rates. So Mary, that's a brief summary of my view of where we are in the economy and where I see it going.
