James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. The contrasting fortunes of CNA and Diamond Offshore are the proverbial corporate tale of two cities. Well, not exactly, but almost. While it may be the worst of times for Diamond and the offshore drilling industry, for CNA, we hope and expect to see even more improvement from its already stellar performance. Let's focus on the positive first and take a look at CNA and the commercial property/casualty insurance market. CNA has come a long way since 2009 when Tom Motamed first took over as its CEO. Today, CNA is a consistently profitable insurance carrier, with strong operating results and an intense focus on underwriting fundamentals. As previously announced, Tom will be retiring next month. And today marks his last CNA quarterly conference call, on which I made a surprise cameo appearance to sing his praises. I don't want to say that Tom took CNA from worst to first, but there certainly have been a vast improvement on his watch. And I think it's abundantly clear that this improvement is due to the herculean efforts of Tom and his team. While, I could spend the entire call listing all of Tom's accomplishments, let's focus on just a few key highlights. During his tenure, Tom has strengthened CNA's branch network, enhanced CNA's competitive position, dramatically upgraded CNA's talent, tremendously improved the commercial lines business, maintained specialty lines preeminent market standing, mitigated operational and financial risks, significantly fortified CNA's balance sheet. And oh yes – paid out about $2.5 billion of dividends in the past five years. Tom would be the first one to point out that there is still work to be done. However, the indisputable fact remains that Tom leaves CNA at a time when its capital competitive position and its brand have never been stronger. I want to thank Tom for his many contributions and wish him continued success as he moves on to the next chapter in his life. And the good news for CNA continues, with the arrival of Dino Robusto as the company's new CEO next month. Dino will take the helm on November 21, when his garden leave officially comes to an end. I'm confident that I speak for the rest of the CNA board when I say how much we look forward to working with Dino. The CNA which Dino inherits is poised for continued improvement and further value creation. And we fully believe that Dino and the CNA team will fulfill that potential. Alas, all of life cannot be light and happiness. And with that in mind, let's move on to Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling industry, where they are experiencing the aforementioned worst of times. It's clear that this industry is facing one of the sharpest downturns in its history with canceled contracts, below operating cost day rates and customers seemingly unwilling to take advantage of these discounts. Despite the pain, Diamond Offshore's CEO Marc Edwards and his team continue to navigate these troubled waters with tireless focus, skill and determination. Just in the past few weeks, Marc has been in Singapore, Australia, Dubai, Rio de Janeiro and France, not to mention New York and Houston, all in the quest of maintaining and generating business for Diamond Offshore. And while the offshore drilling industry continues to operate in a depressed environment, the price of oil, the commodity to which the offshore drilling industry is most closely tied, seems to have begun its recovery. At the beginning of this year, oil dropped to about $27 a barrel, a new low in recent history. Two weeks ago, oil was nearly double that price at almost $52 a barrel and while oil prices may have partially recovered, day rates for offshore drilling rigs certainly have not. I'm hopeful that within the next several quarters, we'll start to see an uptick in inquiries for offshore drilling rigs, a necessary precursor to improved day rates in the future. While there are still many unknowns with regard to the oil and energy markets today, we have no doubt that Diamond Offshore will withstand this tough cyclical downturn. Diamond's innovative strategies along with its financial strength, conservative capital management and stellar management team should enable the company to emerge from this turbulent market cycle, stronger and more resilient than ever. Before I turn the call over to David Edelson, I wanted to mention that Jon Tisch has resumed the duties of CEO of Loews Hotels. Many of you may know that Kirk Kinsell has decided to leave the company. Loews Hotels is in strong shape and the Loews Hotels team looks forward to building on the strong base already in place. The company is in great hands with Jon, who has been shepherding the expansion and strategic direction of Loews Hotels for the past 30 years. And now, over to David.
James S. Tisch: So, Jon is currently the CEO, and we're very happy with the way it's running like that. So, that's where it is.
James S. Tisch: We are completely unchanged in terms of our desire or need to do a deal. We kicked – as I've said previously, we kicked lots of tires. We look at lots of things. We do due diligence and explore different options. But to-date, we haven't found anything in the past few years that fully makes sense for us at a price that also makes sense for us. But in terms of desire or need, that's not a factor in our looking at businesses, nor in setting prices for them. The sole thing that we think about when evaluating different opportunities is whether we believe it will create a good value over the intermediate-term to long-term for those shareholders. And on that score, I admit we've been wholly unsuccessful in executing a transaction, but you can be sure that we put 100% of our effort into looking for that transaction.
James S. Tisch: Over the years, I would say that trying to evaluate what we're thinking in terms of share repurchases by looking at what we've done is akin to looking at the entrails or the tea leaves. It's just there is no one factor that can fully describe or explain why does we buy or don't buy – repurchase our shares. When we think about share repurchases, there are an enormous number of factors that go into the equation: there's the price of Loews, there's the price of our subsidiaries, the value that we ascribe to our non-public businesses. There are times when even if we want to buy in the shares for one reason or another we're not allowed to repurchase the shares. There is what's going on in the wider market, both the market for interest rates and the market for shares. And there's not just what's going on today but our outlook for the future. So, we put all of these factors and more into our own special computer, which is collectively the brains of a few people around here, and we discuss it and decide what to do with respect to share repurchases. Like acquisitions, the one factor that drives us in determining whether to repurchase shares or not is our assessment of how it will contribute to the intermediate-term to long-term value for the remaining Loews' shareholders. So, it's all a long way of saying that we look at lots and lots of factors in determining whether to purchase shares. And as I'd like to say, we have a long and glorious history of share repurchases where we have, I think, 80% of the shares outstanding – sorry, 20% – 30% of the shares outstanding today that we had in the 1970s. And just since 2007, we've purchased 40% of the shares outstanding in 2007. So, my advice, try not to make too much of what we do one quarter or one year, look at the long-term picture because that's what we're looking at as well.
James S. Tisch: So, we're very happy with our ownership in Diamond. A fun fact is that from 2006 to today, Diamond has paid more than twice the current share price of Diamond in dividends. So, we and all other Diamond shareholders, since 2006, have gotten over $40 in dividends from Diamond. I'm pleased to say that, notwithstanding those dividends, Diamond is still in very good, very strong financial shape. In terms of our desire to acquire more Diamond shares, I don't want to comment on it, because we'll let our actions speak for themselves. But I can just tell you that we are very pleased with our current level of holdings in Diamond Offshore. And there's no doubt in my mind that when as and if the offshore drilling market improves and shares of Diamond follow that that Loews' shareholders will be beneficiaries of it.
James S. Tisch: So, we don't feel a need to be invested in energy. We happen to have significant investments in energy as denoted by our shares of Diamond and our shares of Boardwalk. And we are very happy with those investments. We think that they will return very good returns for our shareholders over the coming years. But like I said, we don't feel that we have to be in energy per se or that we have to add to our investments in energy.
James S. Tisch: That's not what I said. I'm saying that we're very comfortable with what we own now, and I'm not stating whether or not we want to own more now or in the future.
James S. Tisch: So, we're constantly comparing both those portfolios to different indices of performance. At CNA, I would say there is less latitude for significant outperformance because we have very strict benchmarks of the amount of equity like and equity-like investments that we can have at CNA. So most of the portfolio is investment grade. And also, we have important guidelines for duration for the different portfolios within CNA. So that when we measure the performance of CNA versus the benchmarks that we use to measure the performance, outperformance could mean a 100 basis points of outperformance. So, the numbers aren't – the numbers are – in terms of outperformance aren't that significant. With respect to our non-investment grade investments and our equity investments at Loews and at CNA, we use all manner of different indices. We look at hedge fund returns, industry hedge fund returns. We look at high yield bond returns. We look at equity returns. And overall I would say that we are very pleased with the returns that we've had in all our portfolios. Yes, from time to time, we see underperformance in one portfolio or another, but like I said, overall we're very pleased with where we are.
James S. Tisch: So, I guess, I think I already answered the question vis-à-vis our share repurchases. Let me just talk about how we think about buying businesses for Loews. And a benchmark that we use is, whether an acquisition would be accretive in terms of value over the intermediate to long-term for all our shareholders. As I've said before and I'll say it again, there are things we do look at and other things that we don't look at. The things we don't look at are things where a bad CEO in the course of a year or two could cause tremendous damage to a business. So, we tend not to look at retailing businesses, we tend not to look at businesses where a technological disruption could be an important factor. We tend not to look at technology businesses, where if you miss one relatively quick cycle in terms of the technology, you could be out of business. So we're looking for businesses that we believe can stand the test of time and be with us for a long time to create value. We're also generally looking for businesses that are based here in the United States. They could have international operations, but we'd like them to be based here in the U.S. And, as I said before, we've kicked an awful lot of tires. We've gone down the path pretty far with a number of businesses. But, in recent history, we haven't been able to close anything. When we think about buying businesses versus share repurchases, that's an important comparison that we make. We think about what is the future for Loews with the business and what would be the future of Loews without the business. And we think whether – we think how compelling it is to repurchase shares at any point in time versus the value that we can get in buying a business that we don't already control. And we're also – think very carefully about what we don't know concerning any business that we might buy. And we compare that to what we do know about our own businesses that we own and control with respect to share repurchases. There's no given formula that we use in assessing repurchases – purchases of businesses, just as there's no formula that we use in assessing whether to repurchase shares. But I would say that what we're doing is generally what any other portfolio manager does when they think about adding new securities to their portfolio. That's how I was trained. That's how a lot of people here were trained. And that's how we think about buying new businesses, repurchasing our own shares or investing in any of our individual businesses.
James S. Tisch: I think there are a number of things that accounts for the discount to book value per share. First of all, CNA stock – CNA shares have moved up rather significantly, almost 20%, in the past few months or quarters. And I ascribe that to the fact that people are starting to recognize that CNA is a changed company, that it's got underwriting discipline, all the things that I spoke about with respect to my comments about Tom and CNA. Additionally, I think, a very important factor is that people are starting to see that the dividend that CNA has paid out, which is for the past two years at least have totaled $3 a share, makes it that at $30 a share. CNA was trading at a 10% yield, which is just too high a yield to be passed off. So I think that the 20% improvement over the past several quarters has been a recognition of those factors. I think a problem for people investing in CNA is that there is not significant liquidity. Loews owns 90% of CNA. We don't worry about the price from day-to-day, week-to-week or month-to-month. But the assuming lack of liquidity, I think, has kept a number of large purchasers from CNA. I think the other reason is that some people might be concerned about the long-term care book of business. I would say that we, at Loews, are very comfortable with it, but there's no doubt that some investors may be scared off a bit by it. The thing that – the thing that I would say is that the long-term care book of business at CNA is being very aggressively managed in terms of the attention that it is get – the management attention that it is getting and the focus on the part of senior management. I think all that and who knows what other factors may be out there that are affecting the overall valuation of CNA.
