James Tisch: So broadly, what we're seeing is that the world has changed dramatically over the past 20 or 30 years. I mean, that's not a revolutionary statement. But it's one that I've really noticed. 20 and 30 years ago, there weren't a lot of LBO firms around, there were not too many conglomerates. And so when something became available for sale, it was relatively easy to step in and buy it, or even if something didn't become available for sale, it was, again, relatively easy to buy a business. Today, as soon as a business decides it want to sell itself for whatever reason, unless they go to Warren Buffett, they go to an investment banker and there's an auction. And so there are lots of bidders with lots of sharp pencils and analysts who know how to work Excel, and the prices paid are usually very, very high. And so what we're seeing now is the pencils are yet even sharper and the prices paid seem to be yet even higher. In large part, I would imagine, because private equity firms have a lot of cash that they want to invest and there's not an awful lot that's for sale. So right now, as you might imagine, we don't see a lot of opportunity in the buy a company world. In terms of investments for our individual businesses, we are seeing opportunity. First of all, there's CNA that is spending a few hundred million dollars to buy in the minority interest in CNA Surety. At Diamond Offshore, we've got investment opportunities on the order of $1 billion in buying 2 new drill ships and we have a fill an option to buy a fold [ph] that expires later this month. And likewise, we'll see at HighMount lots of, what I would call bite-sized investment opportunity, not companies as much as they are properties either producing or nonproducing that are for sale that could possibly be attractive acquisitions for HighMount. So I'd sum up by saying that there isn't we haven't yet found anything for Loews Corp. to do, but having said that, we're seeing plenty of opportunities for our subsidiaries.
James Tisch: So in terms of our specifying pockets and our energy investments, what we are looking for is total return for shareholders. And right now, those opportunities happen to be in the energy area. So we're happy to take on those investments where we feel we can earn a significant return for not only the subsidiaries but also for Loews as a shareholder in those subsidiaries. In terms of the management change at Boardwalk, as we said, Rolf Gafvert has been with Boardwalk and its predecessor for 18 years. He had expressed to us, about 9 months ago or so, a desire to retire at some point in the future. We had an extensive search process and Stan Horton quickly bubbled to the top of that search process. When we first got into the natural gas pipeline business in '03, Stan Horton was, as best I could tell and recollect, a legend in the industry, having run many of the Enron pipelines and put together and managed their, I would say, enviable position in the pipeline business. So if you'll remember, it was the pipeline business that was really the the very strong, positive cash flow generating business for Enron. And Stan stayed on for a few years after Enron blew up and then went on to other things in the pipeline business. And so when his name came forth through our search process, I was very interested. And I think that Stan would be a great leader for Boardwalk. I think that he obviously has the experience in the business. He knows people in the business, customers and other pipeline operators. He has a strong understanding of MLPs and value creation. And so we're just very positive. We're happy that he's coming to Boardwalk and positive about Boardwalk's prospects under his leadership.
James Tisch: Well, you're actually very generous in your question. You could have said, "Jim, you bought HighMount when natural gas prices were $8 an Mcf. You looked like a hero for a year as they went to $14 and now you're a bum because they're $4." So thank you for not saying that. What happened very simply is that something happened in the gas business that we never expected, which was that all of a sudden, technology changed and gas, which had been thought to be a scarce commodity, all of a sudden became a principal commodity. Now having said that, we've taken our lump [ph] for getting in at $8 and the price now being at $4, and with the price at $4, we're seeing opportunities. First of all, we're seeing some opportunities in gas, but we're also seeing opportunities in liquids. And when I talk about liquids, I'm talking about not only crude oil, but also wet gas, which includes a whole slate of natural gas liquids, a number of which trade at prices relative to oil, rather than prices relative to natural gas and as I said, we're seeing lots of opportunities in this natural gas area and also the liquids areas. And as I said before, we're seeing that in bite sized pieces. So I'm hopeful that we will be able to take advantage of some of those opportunities. What's going on what I think is going on in the natural gas business is that natural gas trades at, what I would call, a crazy, ridiculous price relative to oil. Gas trades at about a ratio of 25:1 to oil, notwithstanding the fact that gas should trade on a BTU basis at 6:1. So gas is trading at about 25% to 30% per BTU of what oil trades at. So gas is a very, very cheap energy commodity. And I strongly believe the statement in economics that goes, what has to happen happens. And I think that we are going to see significant increases in gas consumption just outright, but also relative to oil consumption. I think oil consumption in the United States peaked in '06 and '07 and has been flat to declining ever since and natural gas consumption has been increasing, and I think that will continue. I think we'll see continued use of natural gas as a fuel for power plants. And I think we'll see more natural gas vehicles. It is just so cheap that I think consumption will continue to increase and I think that over the longer term, gas and liquids investments in the United States should be very attractive.
James Tisch: The private market can make it happen. If the government gets involved, it might happen 3 weeks sooner. But beyond that, I think it's going to happen because the economics are just so compelling.
