Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Before we get into the details of the quarter and our year end results, I want to mention share repurchases. For those of you who follow Loews closely, I must sound like a broken record. I've been saying for a while that we believe Loews’ stock looks cheap and trades at a deep discount to our view of its intrinsic value. Rather than complain, we have acted. From January 1st of 2018 through Friday, we repurchased more than 45 million shares of Loews’ common stock for total cost of just under $2.25 billion. That represents more than 15% of our currently outstanding shares. Typically, most of the funds we’ve used to repurchase our shares have come from dividends paid to Loews from our subsidiaries. And in recent years, most of those dividends have come from CNA. However, dividends paid to Loews represent only a portion of the free cash flows generated by our subsidiaries. Our businesses may also decide to use their free cash flow, either to fund growth or to pay down debt. And to the extent that they have the opportunity to profitably reinvest their cash flow into their businesses, we encourage them to do so. However, if there is no other productive use for their free cash flow, more often than not, they'll distribute that cash. To pull back the curtain a bit on this process, in 2019, Loews received more than $180 million from Loews hotels. This cash came both from the sale of hotels and free cash flow from operations, both after Loews hotels invested around $70 million into construction of new properties, we expect Loews hotels to return capital again in 2020 but the amount will likely be smaller because the hotel companies will continue to invest in its own development and we expect fewer proceeds from the sale of hotel properties. No matter what, to the extent that the hotel company has economically attractive projects in which to invest, we want them to do so. This year, we have three new hotels opening in St. Louis, Orlando and Kansas City. These hotels represent more than 3,000 new keys for our company. These properties will either be focused on transients and group business like the new Loews Kansas City, which is attached to the Kansas City Convention Center, or they will have built-in demand generators like the Endless Summer Hotel in Orlando. Additionally, in late December of 2019, most hotels received the necessary approvals from the Arlington Texas City Council to build $550 million 888 room hotel that will be connected to a new Convention Center. The Arlington Convention Center complex, which will be at the base of AT&T Stadium and Globe Life Field will offer 216,000 square feet of meeting and outdoor function space. As part of an overall effort by the city to increase convention and tourism business in Arlington, which is nestled between Dallas and Fort Worth and 15 minutes from the DFW Airport. Since 2013, Loews hotels have more than tripled its adjusted EBITDA, going from $68 million back then to $227 million last year. We believe the company's future is bright and that it will be a strong growth engine for the parent company. In other subsidiary news, those of you who look at our earnings supplement may notice that CCC, our packaging subsidiary recently changed its name to Altium. The rationale for the change is that CCC had been well known with the industry as the water and milk container company, but their product lines and capabilities are much broader. With Altium’s recent acquisitions, the company has expanded even further the number of segments of the packaging industry it can service. The new name is meant to underscore the company's diverse capabilities and help to continue to grow its customer base. Before turning the call over to David, I want to briefly talk about our results for 2019. Loews had a good year driven by stellar results at CNA, as well as good investment income at the parent company level. CNA’s underlying combined ratio continue to improve in 2019 despite a competitive environment. In 2016, CNA’s underlying combined ratio improved by more than three points. Additionally, CNA grew net written premiums by 5% for 2019, driven by particularly strong growth in commercial lines, rate increased 5% for CNA’s and P&C operation last year. It goes without saying that we remain very bullish on CAN, both on the fundamentals of the insurance industry and on CAN’s growth trajectory within the industry. CNA will continue to focus on maintaining and improving its strong underwriting culture and building on its expertise in areas of deep specialization. These steps will help CNA reach its goal of sustaining top quartile underwriting performance. CNA represents a significant portion of Loews’ some of the parts and as such, our lead purchases underscore our confidence in our insurance business. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
Jim Tisch: So right now, we believe that the public floating CNA while small is very important for a number of reasons. First of all, it provides transparency. Transparency for credit agencies and regulators, which I think they value very much and they like seeing a public start for CNA. Number two, it's a barometer for all Loews shareholders just what the market is valuing CNA. And I dare say if CNA went public, then a lot of people would be asking why don't we take it public so that they can actually see what the value of CNA is in the free market. Additionally, in order to attract the best talent, it's important to have public shares so that it can be, those shares can be used for employee compensation plans. And I dare say if CNA weren't public, if we didn't have those shares directly reflecting the value of CNA it might be more difficult to attract the best and the top talent. One other thing that I'd add is that as long as Loews owns over 80% of CNA, and right now it owns close to 90%. But as long as we own over 80%, we can do a tax consolidation and get all the benefits of owning 100% of the stock. So there's absolutely no penalty vis-à-vis cash income taxes, resulting from Loews’ owning 90% instead of 80% of the stock -- 90% I'm sorry instead of 100% of the stock.
Jim Tisch: So at this point in time, it hasn't had much of an impact at all. Yes, the virus is affecting areas like China and Asia dramatically, but we haven't seen so much of an impact here in the United States. Our hotel people are continuing to monitor the situation. In terms of inbound travel to Loews hotels from China represents less than 1% of our business. So if the status quo continues to hold, I don't see there being much effect of corona virus on our hotel business.
Jim Tisch: So Diamond may have a big impact in a GAAP sense on Loews’ results. But our downside is really limited to our stake in the company, which today represents less than $1 per Loews corporation share. I would say that the current share price Diamond is really trading more like an option than it is like a stock. Regarding the offshore drilling industry in '89, knowing that it was highly cyclical when the current downturn started in '14, we thought we've seen this movie before having weathered a number of drilling cycles downside. However, this downturn now has lasted much longer than we are, I dare say anyone could have anticipated. Nevertheless, Diamond, the management continues to focus managing its cost and maximizing earnings potential on the assets through diversification and good operating performance. One other thing, I think the bearishness in Diamond is really -- has been around just since the beginning of the year. At the end of last year, oil prices West Texas Intermediate was $61 a barrel, it traded up to $63 a barrel in early January and now as you all know it's down to $50. And I think that move down to $50, which was due in large part to the corona virus and also a sense that the world production capacity would be a bit higher than demand this year, but not in the future. So those two factors have caused a dark bearishness to overcome the whole offshore drilling industry. I could easily foresee at some point oil prices getting back to the $60 and $65 barrel level. I think that, shale oil cannot be -- the growth will not -- in shale oil production, will not grow significant at those prices. And I ultimately say next year could see oil prices at the $65 to $70 a barrel level, which would I believe lead to significant improvement in the offshore drilling industry. What happened now is that this is an industry-wide phenomenon. What's going on is not just accessing Diamond offshore. The low day rates are going to affect all companies and in order for day rates to improve, I think we need to see an increase in oil prices, which as I said I think is coming in as we say the fullness of time.
