James S. Tisch: Is that correct? Yes, there were no significant changes. We have about $500 million or $600 million of equities. We have another $700 million or so of hedge funds. And then, we have the rest primarily in cash and other cash-like instruments.
James S. Tisch: So yes, HighMount has been kicking a bunch of tires. Nothing has come to fruition yet. But in fact, there is a lot to look at. And the things that we're looking at primarily are buying rights to leases on land for both -- we're looking at gas, gas liquids and oil. And there, in fact, are lots of transactions that take place in the oil patch in these types of acquisitions, and there are plenty of them around. We are looking for transactions that will return for us what I would call significant double-digit after-tax returns. And I would say that we've come close on a few times but still haven't finalized anything. But I think we do have the opportunity to do so. I think that what HighMount brings to the table is a very good, very disciplined approach to finding and developing hydrocarbons under the ground. And combined with that -- combined with having the right people, as you mentioned, we do also have the financial discipline and the wherewithal to make these acquisitions. And my belief is if we can do some of these, it will be -- some of these acquisitions, it will be not only beneficial to HighMount, but also beneficial to Loews, in that we'll be able to invest our cash at very attractive rates of return.
James S. Tisch: So if HighMount were to come up with some properties to buy, chances are, HighMount would not be able to fully finance it on its own. And therefore, Loews would be prepared to make a capital contribution to HighMount in order to enable them to make that acquisition.
James S. Tisch: We're not going to make a bet-the-ranch acquisition, but I could see us doing an acquisition for a few hundred million dollars.
James S. Tisch: We're seeing odds and ends but nothing dramatic that really piques our interest or curiosity. There really -- if you look in the newspapers, you see that there really have not been a lot of transactions that has been done. And I'm not exactly sure why that is, but there's really been nothing that's been of much interest to us.
James S. Tisch: So on the Boardwalk call today, Stan Horton did enunciate a policy of looking for MLP-eligible assets that go beyond the interstate natural gas pipeline business. Right now, Boardwalk is primarily interstate natural gas pipeline. And Boardwalk has expanded its look for assets, but we have nothing in mind at this point in time -- nothing in particular in mind at this point in time.
James S. Tisch: We have no current plans to issue any more debt at the Loews Corporation level. So we now have $700 million and change in debt at Loews.
James S. Tisch: Here's the story. We've got $4.3 billion of cash. If we were to borrow, say, 10-year money, it would look, on an absolute basis, very attractive. But then, what you have to do is think about, "Okay, what am I going to do with the cash?" And suppose we were to borrow $1 billion, that $1 billion would be spent after the $4.3 billion that we already have on the balance sheet was spent. So this is the last cash that will be spent. The problem is, suppose we could borrow for say under, say, 4½% or so. The problem is we're going to invest the money at about zero. So we've got, on an annual basis, a 450 basis point negative carry. That means that in a year or 2, we could afford for interest rates to have gone up 100 or 150 basis points, and we could still be equally well-off not having issued now versus issuing later. So the problem really is that the negative carry makes it expensive, combined with the fact that we have no use for the money.
James S. Tisch: Again, we're not looking to lever up the balance sheet. And like I said, we've got $4.3 billion of cash on the books now. We've purchased -- we've spent over $400 million year-to-date in share repurchases, so we're actually pretty happy with where we are on share repurchases.
James S. Tisch: My fearless forecast was, and continues to be, for about 2% economic growth, driven in large part because the consumer and the government is so full up on debt. And I don't think that we can have a robust recovery until we start to chip away at those levels of debt.
James S. Tisch: Our capital spending is not driven by the economy per se. It's driven by the needs of the individual businesses and the opportunities that we see in the individual businesses. My guess is that if we had 5% growth instead of 2% growth, that, that would translate into more opportunities that we see in the existing businesses. But right now, notwithstanding the 2% growth, we've actually committed to pretty significant capital spending at Diamond Offshore. We're also looking to do that at HighMount with our drilling for hydrocarbon. And Boardwalk Pipelines, they are pursuing opportunities to build out our pipeline system even further. So even with a 2% growth environment, we still have plenty of things to look at.
James S. Tisch: Generally not. We like to be able to control our own destiny. And more often than not, when you have a large minority stake, what you are is a large majority shareholder. And so that's not particularly high on our list right now.
James S. Tisch: So over the years, we've returned an extraordinary amount of cash to shareholders. We do that through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. And more recently, most of that return of cash to shareholders has come through share repurchases. So that in the first half of the year, as I said, we've repurchased -- or in the year-to-date, we've repurchased over $400 million of cash. We have, as I like to say, a long and glorious history of share repurchases. We have less than 1/3 the shares that were outstanding in 1970. And we've done that through what I would call well-timed share repurchases. It's a part of our DNA. We were repurchasing Loews shares long, long, long before repurchases were the corporate vogue. We're not doing it because it's the corporate vogue, but rather because we think that it creates very good long-term value for all our shareholders. I would say that if shareholders are interested in relatively high dividends being paid from Loews common stock, then I would advise them to sell the stock, because that's generally not that you're going to see from Loews.
Robert Glasspiegel: Remind me whether you said you were going to term any more debt out or just stay with the less debt to capital.
Robert Glasspiegel: Well, if we were just going to look at buying $1 of debt back versus buying a share back, it seems like the economic return on buyback would be higher than debt. Now you're going to come back and say you're doing all the buyback you want to do or...
Robert Glasspiegel: No, no. You spent $1 to buy -- you spent $1 to retire debt, which is a 920 pretax return that you could have spent to buy back stock.
