James S. Tisch: Yeah. Bob, there's a good story, but we got to figure if that's good for Loews Corp. and also for Loews Hotels. And, right now, I think it just seems to us it doesn't make sense. So Loews Hotels is 100% owned and for the foreseeable future will stay that way.
James S. Tisch: Because Loews finances – provides a lot of finance for Loews Hotels, which is much easier when it's 100% owned. Combined with the fact that, I don't know that there is a really great business purpose to take Loews Hotels public. Being public is a lot different than being owned privately. And at this point in time, the management of Loews Hotels is focused on growing their business and not on dealing with shareholders who are looking for growth or Lord knows what else.
James S. Tisch: I love quoting myself. And as I said in my comments, we just don't comment on share purchases or repurchases.
James S. Tisch: We have – we discussed all those issues as well as lots of other issues. The overriding theme of all the issues though is what is in the best interest of Loews shareholders. So we factor a lot of different things in, and I don't really want to go into any detail about what those issues are, but like I said, the overriding question is what makes the most sense for our shareholders.
James S. Tisch: We do not have significant exposures to Puerto Rico. With respect to Puerto Rico, man, it seems to me that they could really use some action in Washington to allow them to make use of the bankruptcy code. Otherwise, I think it's going to be a real massive mess, because holdouts can just hold out, and I don't fully understand just yet how things will settle out.
James S. Tisch: Right now, the muni market is priced pretty well from an issuer's perspective. I could see a situation where if muni investors get concerned about Puerto Rico, and then you add on top of that, they get concerned about certain state and municipality pension liabilities and you could see the retail investors start to move away from the municipal market; and if that happens, you could see possibly forced selling on behalf of mutual funds. And if that's the case, oftentimes they sell the good solid names because the gamier (23:57) names often don't have a bid. And so you could see a real decline in the municipal market as a result.
James S. Tisch: So I'm glad you asked about five years instead of six months or one year, because five years, I think I might actually be able to give you a thoughtful answer. I would see that five years from now oil prices will be at least 50% higher than they currently are. That in order to find a barrel of oil today, it probably costs a minimum of $70 a barrel to get that marginal barrel of oil that's needed. My guess is, five years from now, it will be a bit higher than that. And I think what has to happen is, the world has – the world oil producers have to supply the 1 million barrels of growth, plus approximately 5 million barrels to replace the depletion from the world's productive capacity. So that 6 million barrels a day has to be found every year for the next five years, or about 30 million barrels of new production. In order for the world to be able to produce that, even with Iran coming back on to the market in the not too distant future, I think it will take significantly higher oil prices. And five years from now, I think it's certainly reasonable to think that the price will be $70, $75 or $80 a barrel. That doesn't account for another wild card, which is political instability. A lot of oil comes from the Middle East and we have – while we have political instability in the Middle East in certain places, we don't currently have that having a significant effect on oil production. But in the future, as we all know, anything can happen.
James S. Tisch: Well, first of all, I think shale can continue its growth, but I don't know that it's going to be the panacea for oil production over the next five years. But right now, it looks like shale production in the United States – shale oil production in the United States has flattened out. And I think what we're seeing is that it will take higher prices to get shale production moving again. I think that offshore oil will be a big beneficiary, because in the future, 20% to 25% of our oil – of world oil production will have to come from offshore. And so, that actually makes me very positive when I think about Diamond Offshore.
James S. Tisch: The good news is we don't make forecast and I try not to make forward-looking statements about our businesses in any detail, so I'm not going to answer that.
James S. Tisch: I don't know, because what we've seen over the years is tremendous improvement in efficiency of these drilling rigs. I don't have the numbers at my fingertips, but gas rigs, for example, are down dramatically from five years ago, yet gas production is up significantly. So I don't quite know what those numbers look like, or what the numbers are in answer to your question. I'd suggest you try asking the people at Baker Hughes or Halliburton who would have a much better idea of what that is.
James S. Tisch: But I would say, my guess is, there is a pretty good chance that they're going to get the proverbial ball over the goal line this year and allow for the exportation of oil from the United States. From my perspective, it certainly makes a lot of sense. Right now, we have a system that favors the refiners by making available to them oil at very cheap prices, because it can't be exported. And instead, the refiners are exporting 3 million barrels to 4 million barrels a day of refined products. So all we're doing with our current system is subsidizing refineries and penalizing oil producers.
