Unknown Executive: Lower interest rates are generally not favorable for the insurance industry as they impact future investment income. That said, interest rates are expected to remain substantially higher than they were during and right before the pandemic, which is a positive for CNA. CNA has also taken advantage of the higher interest rate environment in 2023 to lengthen the duration of its investment portfolio, which reduces reinvestment risk. Lower rates will also reduce the size of the company's unrealized loss position on its fixed maturity securities portfolio. For example, at the end of the fourth quarter, the company's unrealized loss position improved by about $2.5 billion from about $4.5 billion on September 30, 2023 to about $2.0 billion on December 31, 2023. It is important to note that regardless of prevailing interest rates, CNA will still receive the same cash flows from the fixed income securities that are currently in its portfolio, and the company intends to hold most of those securities to maturity. Therefore, we view the company's unrealized loss position as transitory in nature. 
Unknown Executive: Loews Hotels has substantially completed its equity investment of nearly $435 million in these four new developments. The total cost incurred for the four properties (including debt and partner equity) through the end of 2023 was $1 billion. Given the hotel company's strong internal cash flow generation, Loews Hotels self-funded the vast majority of its investment in these new projects, with the parent company contributing $38 million in 2023. We typically evaluate the attractiveness of new hotel projects using a cash-on-cash return metric. We compare the all-in stabilized cash flow projections to the amount of equity required and we generally target mid-to-high teens returns based on that metric. In terms of earnings expectations, it normally takes three to four years after a hotel opens for the property to produce fully stabilized results. 
Unknown Executive: Current regulations and permitting requirements regarding new pipeline construction are extremely onerous, which inhibits development of new pipelines. On the positive side, the lack of new pipeline development generally increases demand for existing pipelines. While we're on the subject of natural gas pipelines, I would like to say a few words about the recent Biden administration moratorium on new licenses for LNG export facilities. There are two reasons that limiting the construction of these facilities seems absolutely crazy to me. First, to the extent that the U.S. does not export natural gas, other nations will fill that gap and the U.S. will lose out on jobs and GDP. Secondly, if the production and export of natural gas is limited, coal-fired power plants will be utilized instead to generate electricity. A coal plant emits more than twice as much carbon dioxide as a natural gas-fired power plant, so pausing the construction of LNG export facilities will result in an increase – not decrease – in worldwide carbon dioxide emissions. What is lost in the discussion about renewables is that we need reliable and dispatchable electricity that can be generated when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow. For that reason, I firmly believe that natural gas will remain a critical transition fuel for decades to come. 
Unknown Executive: We believe that natural gas will remain an essential component of the U.S. energy infrastructure due to its ability to fuel dispatchable electricity. As the country adds more renewables to the grid, the increased volatility in natural gas demand may actually create new pipeline storage revenue opportunities. Boardwalk's assets are also well-located to take advantage of demand growth in the Gulf Coast region. Not only are Boardwalk's assets located near LNG export terminals, but the company's pipelines may also be able to take advantage of coal to gas switching in the states it serves. For example, nearly 70% of Kentucky's electricity is still generated by coal-fired plants. 
Unknown Executive: As a reminder, in December of 2022 the Delaware Supreme Court reversed the Delaware Court of Chancery's ruling in favor of the former Boardwalk minority unitholders. As part of that decision, the Delaware Supreme Court remanded the three unresolved issues back to the Chancery Court. The Delaware Court of Chancery will hold a hearing in April of this year on those remaining issues.
