Jim Tisch: So, all of us at Loews, we're extremely comfortable with how the CNA management team is managing the long-term care business. We're impressed by the operational discipline that they've brought to the business and we're also impressed by their efforts to mitigate the risks of this business. For quarter's reserve unlocking, which was caused by the current interest rate outlook, it doesn't change our view in any way. Let me step back and give you a bit of history. About a dozen years ago, the CNA management team decided that one of the long-term care block of business is in runoff. It still needs to be vigorously and strategically managed. So CNA selected some of the best and the brightest within the company to run the business as a business, actively managing it from every angle. They looked at it from an operations, claims actuarial and more. The goal was to aggressively mitigate the risk and to manage the liability. Changing the mindset from it being a runoff business to an active business has been critical in this whole process. So, the new team set about gaining a deeper understanding of the business, not just actuarially, but every facet of the business. This understanding has led the team to identify opportunities to mitigate the risks such as more supportable rate increase filings and offerings to policy holders that benefit them, while also enabling CNA to reduce risk. I truly believe that CNA's actuarial understanding of its block of business is much deeper than it has ever been. Just two years ago, CNA moved to what's called first principles reserving and that gave us the ability to slice and dice the block much more deeply than they previously could. One huge advantage of the company's actuarial advances has been the ability to support ratings increases with much more targeted and credible data, including data from over a 100,000 claims that the company has already processed. When I take a look at the assumptions made in the company's last unlocking in 2015 compared to the current unlocking what I see on net is a business that is actually pretty reasonably predictable in the medium term. I don't want to diminish the long-term tail risk, but over the medium term, our block of businesses performed basically in line with our expectations with a major exception of interest rates. Here are some stats that I find compelling. So, since the end of 2015, total claims paid are 2% lower than expected. Our active policy count is 5% lower than expected and the total claim count during that period is slightly lower than expected. These broad measures help to define the risk in the block and they were all predicted quite accurately in the context of a five-year timeframe. So, what CNA got wrong was the interest rate and the spread environment, a problem that's being addressed this quarter. So, while I understand there's a lot of noise around the various long-term care blocks, what I have seen first-hand at CNA is that with the right data, with the management focus and with the appropriate resources thrown at the problem of these blocks are more predictable than I think most outsiders have come to believe.
Jim Tisch: Absolutely. I think that Diamond has done a really good job of managing its costs. It's cut expenses by about 50%. That's at the home office and also across the company. I would say that the head count is as low as possible while also operating efficiently and safely. No expense categories have been spared; there has been cuts in just about everything including employee benefits as well as free coffee within -- at the home office. So, they're aggressively, aggressively managing their expenses and the company is doing its best to manage in what is a very difficult environment.
Jim Tisch: Not really. I think of it that both CNA is undervalued and the stub is undervalued. So, and we've talked about this an awful lot. And that's what makes me so bullish on the stock.
Jim Tisch: You have to look at is how much stock we buy in a particular quarter. And that will give you a pretty good insight into what our appetite is.
Jim Tisch: It's generally been steady. We bought $1 billion of stock in 2018 and in 2019, through now we're just about at three quarters of $1 billion. So, yes, look, I'm frustrated. I think the stock has a lot of value. We haven't been shy about saying that and notwithstanding that to me, the stock still looks very cheap, but markets are markets.
Jim Tisch: Yes. I don't think so. First of all, if we issued debt, if you read the rating agency reports, they want us to hold as much cash as we have debt. So, there is nothing so exciting about issuing debt. Secondly, there isn't enormous volume in low shares, so there's just a limit to how much you can buy. So, I don't know that issuing debt would really do us any good. Additionally, we have about $3.5 billion of cash now, if we wanted to -- and if the opportunity presented itself, we could use a good portion of that to repurchase more shares.
Jim Tisch: First things first, I don't think the public equities are expensive. I think that valuations in private equity land are expensive.
Jim Tisch: Okay. Yes. No, that I agree. With respect to hotels, we are operating in a very discrete, niche in the hotel industry. So, we're -- let's put aside Orlando for a second. We're not developing motels. We're not developing low service hotels. We're developing what we call and what the market calls upper upscale hotels. And generally we're marketing, we're building those hotels with significant meeting space to fit into the core competencies that we have. So, we're building hotels with meeting space near demand drivers. And, we're also doing it generally with help of one sort or another from the local municipalities, to make it so that, our hotels without that help just would not be economic to one that is economic without help. In order to do that, you have to have a long-term view because it's not a matter of just putting a shovel in the ground. It's a matter of working with the community and negotiating a transaction that's both good for the hotel company as well as the community. And so, this is not an area where we've seen private equity participate. So, no, they're not a factor in this.
