James Tisch: I sure can. Loews a long-established policy of share repurchases represents a key element of our capital allocation strategy. In 2021, we bought back 21.1 million shares of Loews common stock for a total of $1.1 billion, which was the equivalent of almost 8% of the shares outstanding at the start of the year. During the 10-year period for January of 2012 through December of 2021, Loews has spent $6.8 billion on repurchases, retiring about 37% of our common shares outstanding at the beginning of 2012. Stated another way, 10 years ago, we had about 60% more shares outstanding than we do today. In certain political circle, share buybacks have come under fire, especially over the last few months. It is our strong belief that restricting the company's ability to repurchase their shares would be detrimental to all investors. Stock repurchases benefit investors, promote efficient capital allocation and significantly reduce volatility in the market. The market stabilization, the results from allowing companies to buy back their shares benefits all shareholders, including retail investors. Capital that flows to shareholders from these repurchases may be reinvested, not just in S&P 500 companies, but rather in companies of all shapes and sizes. We believe actions that limit or restrict allocation of capital, either through regulation or by tax will have a negative effect on stock market valuations.
James Tisch: Sure. Boardwalk is focused on reducing methane emissions from its natural gas pipeline system, not only because it's the right thing to do for the environment, but also because we believe it's the right thing to do for Boardwalk's business. Boardwalk has been focused on meeting and in certain cases, exceeding regulatory obligations by reducing emissions from its pipeline and storage assets. In 2020, Boardwalk achieved about a 30% year-over-year reduction in methane emissions at certain key sites. Boardwalk is also an active member of a coalition whose goal is to lower methane emissions by 2025 to less than 1% of total natural gas produced nationwide. Boardwalk uses a number of strategies to reduce their methane emissions. These strategies include replacing older compression equipment as appropriate with low-emission -- low-emission fuel-efficient units, modifying older fuel systems as necessary on certain reciprocating compression equipment to lower fuel consumption and emissions, and conducting emission surveys and performing maintenance and repairs on identified component leaks. Reducing methane emissions is and will remain a priority for Boardwalk.
James Tisch: So we look at a number of factors when determining intrinsic value, including industry outlook, our subsidiary's growth potential, operational efficiency and management. When evaluating the industry outlook, we consider cyclical opportunities and risks, potential for technological disruption and how the subsidiary is positioned compared to its peers. When looking at growth potential, we evaluate both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. And consider whether or not the subsidiary can self-fund those opportunities. In terms of operational efficiency, we analyze potential opportunities for improvements and the role of technology in driving efficiency. Our assessment of the die of our subsidiaries is not static, but rather is adjusted as markets and circumstances change. Each subsidiary have metrics that are specific to this industry. For example, one important metric for Loews Hotels is adjusted EBITDA, which we believe is more meaningful to the lodging industry than net income. Keep in mind, however, that in the last full year of non-pandemic affected operations for our hotels in 2019. Since then, Loews Hotels has added about 3,700 rooms and the full earnings potential of these rooms have yet to be realized. We believe that in 2022, Loews hotels will continue to recover from the effects of the pandemic, but it's still uncertain when occupancy rates will return to pre-pandemic levels. In terms of Altium Packaging, we don't make a lot of information public. Instead, we report Altium as part of the Corporate segment. Altium does not have a material impact on Loews, not only due to the size of the company, but also as a result of our reduced stake since the sale of 47% of this subsidiary. However, we continue to believe in the long-term growth potential of the business.
James Tisch: Mary, I'd be delighted to give you my rant. First, let me recap my comments over the last year. On the earnings call for the first quarter of 2021, I spoke about the nascent cost push and demand pull inflation that was going to be brought about by the easy monetary policy and big deficit spending. For the second quarter, I spoke about the cycle of inflation that was developing along with growing labor shortages. On the third quarter call, I spoke about the wage price spiral and how interest rates were too damn low. At the time, the inflation rate was 5.4%, and that said, still have their head in the sand with respect to the almost 0% Fed funds rate and their monthly $120 billion purchase of federal and mortgage securities. So here we are on the fourth quarter call and the Fed has finally woken up to the problem that they should have foreseen a year ago. The problem now is that the Fed is taking its sweet time putting in place their action plan to deal with the sky rocketing inflation and the overheating economy. Instead of doing something about the 7% year-over-year increase in the CPI, the Fed is only talking about it. And the Fed has led the market to perceive that they will raise Fed funds rates four times in the course of this year. That's 100 basis points this year, meaning that at this pace, it will take them seven years to get Fed funds to the current level of inflation. While I don't think that inflation will stay at the 7% level, I do believe that with our quicker and more decisive action by the Fed, it will be seen that they are fighting a forest fire with a water pistol. As long as interest rates are below the inflation rate, the proverbial punch bowl is still there for all market participants to grab a drink. I understand that the Fed doesn't want to cause a panic and that they have to be careful about what they say. But still, there's something to be said for acknowledging the scope of problem and beginning the process of interest rate normalization. For example, the Fed is still executing its policy of quantitative easing by purchasing government and mortgage securities. As they say, when you're in a hole, the first thing to do is to stop digging. The Fed is still digging. The good news is that it seems that additional fiscal stimulus is off the table, at least for the time being. The last thing about this overheating economy and the Fed needs is more federal government deficit spending. Hopefully, fiscal stimulus will stay off the table. As it stands now, federal spending will be down this year compared to last year. But much of the federal money that was allocated last year is just now beginning to be spent. State coffers are now overflowing with a federal largest, which will be spent over the coming quarters. And the consumer is still flushed with liquidity from their savings being over the past two years. So I'm not worried about the economy slowing down due to a lack of real final demand. For 2022, I foresee an economy that will continue growing with short-term interest rates that will begin their slow rise as the quarterly 25 basis point increases in Fed funds start to accumulate. Inflation will continue to be a major issue as we will still have the dual problems of cost push and demand pull inflation. My guess is that unless the Fed moves quicker, we can expect inflation to stay at elevated levels for this year and likely next. As for fixed income securities, my view is that even though the government 10-year notes are up 80 basis points in yield in the past year, they are still more than 500 basis points below the year-over-year CPI increase. And there are 120 basis points below where they were as little as three years ago when inflation was 2%. There's lots more room for the 10-year notes to go up in yield, and my guess is that the longer it is seen that the Fed isn't serious about controlling inflation, the higher the ultimate peak in 10-year notes will be. In forecasting out a year, I wouldn't be surprised to see 10-year notes yielding between 2.5% and 3% at the end of this year. So that's it from our economic ramping forecast, Stay tuned next quarter for another quarterly economic update.
