Jim Tisch: Thank you, Pete. Before we open up the call for questions, I wanted to add that Loews firmly believe in the benefits of portfolio diversification. At any given time our subsidiaries face different market environments, some challenging, others more hospitable. Today Boardwalk faces market headwinds that remains financially sound although Boardwalk's recent announcement may be disappointing we believe that the company's action will support long-term financial strength and future growth of the company and will benefit all of its shareholders including Loews in the long-term. Now, I will turn the call back over to Mary.
Jim Tisch: Dave, believe it or not there absolutely was no connection between the two. CNA came to the realization on their loan that they had excess capital and wanted to pay a special dividend and so notified us the people of CNA did not know what was going on at Boardwalk, and likewise we did not tell them nor we prod them for special dividend which is purely coincidence.
Jim Tisch: Well, first of all, this dividend reduction is done from a position of strength. The reason that Boardwalk -- the Board of Boardwalk cut the dividend so dramatically is because they wanted to make sure that the company would have the capital that is needed to finance growth projects for Boardwalk as well as both having the ability to bring the debt to EBITDA levels down to the 4-to-1 range. So it was really done from a position of strength, it was done with the thought in mind that they want to project the holders of Boardwalk from dilution that might occur from a reduction in – a modest reduction in the dividend whereby the company would have to continue to access the equity markets. And the Board decided that the best way to protect long-term investor value was to make this more draconian type so that the company would not have to access nearly as much of the capital markets.
Jim Tisch: Yes. Boardwalk is going to save 100s of million of dollars otherwise would have been paid as dividend that now can be used to finance these capital projects. And as you firmly say before and I will say it again, I think there will be lots of opportunities for Boardwalk to invest at attractive rate. Yes. There is no doubt that the company is suffering from the effects of the Marcellus -- the increased Marcellus and Utica Shale production. But the other thing that's going on is that the amount of natural gas that's going to be produced in the United States is increasing and will increase dramatically. Natural gas produced in the United States now is about 66 billion cubic feet per day that in the next 10 years that could increase by one-third with the effect of increased gas consumption in the United States, as well as the export of natural gas. All that gas is going to have to move on pipelines from one place to another and that is going to mean that they will have to continue to be a very significant buildup of our natural gas pipeline system and Boardwalk is now very well-positioned to be able to participate in that and to benefit from it.
Jim Tisch: When we think about investments we think about buying outside of our business about repurchasing our shares and about investing in our subsidiaries. So yes, with respect to Boardwalk, we've said that we're willing to commit $300 million in subordinated debt and we will also on a case-by-case basis willing to help them out with large investments. When we think about -- so that will cause some – we will have reserve some of our cash for that and likewise if Boardwalk moves ahead with the Bluegrass project we'll have to reserve cash for that. So remember, we are going to have more cash flow at Loews this year some of our subsidiaries assuming the current dividend rate compared to last year. So Loews will still have significant amount of cash flow and we're starting from the base of $4.7 billion. So to the extent that we should find an acquisition candidate that we think has zero long-term value creation possibility for us would be happy to move forward.
Jim Tisch: That's number one and number two, if it stayed at $.599 that would really be in defiance of the forward curve which shows natural gas moving back down towards fourth.
Jim Tisch: So as you look out at the United States there are different areas that have different costs -- different areas have different cost of producing natural gas different economics. So generally, we've assumed that after the Marcellus, the next area is going to come on with additional production would be a place like the Haynesville. And Sonora is behind Haynesville and the few other shales such that those other areas will probably have to come on first before it is economic for us to drill for natural gas in Sonora.
Jim Tisch: The gas there that's in the ground that has not been drilled is not going to disappear and one day that could become economic to produce. Two things could happen, number one prices could increase and number two, there could be new technology that make it possible to drill that. Next as we said we are, there are different stratas within our field in Sonora that do hold large amount of oil and specifically I mentioned during my comments that we are drilling in the Wolfcamp within Sonora, we drilled a number of wells that we call our science experiment to see if we can figure out how to move to development drillings in a commercial manner. We are not there yet but over the next several quarters hopefully we'll have more to say about that.
Jim Tisch: Yes. I agree with you ultimately they're moving backup that's the decision for the Board of Boardwalk and I don't think that they're thinking right now about when dividend is going to move up they're going to, as any Board would do they're going to look each quarter at the financials of the company at the prospects at as a list of investments they have the market price for Boardwalk shares and will make their decision accordingly.
Jim Tisch: So Board discusses it from time-to-time and beyond that I really don't want to go any further on it.
Jim Tisch: No change at all. We continue to kick tires. We continue to assess the needs of our subsidiaries and also continue to assess possibility for share repurchase.
Jim Tisch: I'm sorry. No significant change we have – I think about $700 million of hedge funds investments and another $400 million to $500 million of equity investments and then beyond that it's mostly in short-term investments that earn very, very little.
Jim Tisch: Josh, I think so. I can't speak for the Board because I wasn't at the meeting, but when they decided to do this, but I only support the decision. The Board had two different ways that they could go. They could stress and strain and continue to pay the dividend or pay a slightly reduced dividend knowing that they would have to then go into the ethylene market to raise capital in order to make investments in growth projects. And I think what the Board saw is that there could be very, very significant dilution to the existing shareholders. So the Board decided instead to go to the route of significantly cutting the dividend so that the distribution. So that the company could make those accretive investments without any dilution to the unit holders. And I would say that the hope and expectation is that in the future the distribution will be able to be increased to levels that approached any historic levels that they have been at. This was all based on the Board's view of the business outlook and the changes that take place within the natural gas pipeline business.
Jim Tisch: Let me just say this. We never say never to anything. So we just look at what's going on. We assessed all portfolio. We assessed the prospects for the business. We assessed the other cause for our cash. There is an awful a lot that goes into the assessment. And like I said, we never say never.
Jim Tisch: Like I said, first item is the CEO search and I would say that we have – the Board of Diamond has not asleep at the switch. They been moving with, I will say great dispatch in the search for a CEO and we are hopeful that there can be an announcement from Diamond in the near future on that score. With respect to the offshore, the rate for rigs in the offshore drilling market, I truly don't know which way day rates are going to go, it's a very complicated mosaic where you have got oil companies that contract with us that feel pressure on their cash flow in their capital investment. They also feel pressure to increased oil and gas production, the new rigs coming into the market. There is an awful lot going on. The thing that I know is that means for Diamond is that there could be a lots and lots of opportunities. There could be opportunities to buy rates in the market because Diamond is the financially the strongest competitor in the industry. So some competitors that are highly levered. There are some that, to us seem to have really extended themselves in terms of their capital commitments. So there could be lots of opportunities to create a long-term value. And what Diamond does is that they watch carefully what's going on around them and they like Loews, look to build long-term value in whichever way they can. And they are willing to use their balance sheet in order to do that.
Jim Tisch: Are there constraints? No. But like I said, there are lots of things that we take into consideration when thinking about share repurchases and other investments by Loews.
Jim Tisch: I can't speak for why Diamond is, price where it is. You have to ask some analysts on Wall Street. From my perspective, it seems like a crazy valuation that who am I to say. Diamond is a – as I said has the strongest balance sheet in the industry. It has a phenomenal record of investment in offshore drilling rigs, rather than build new rigs. We completed refurbished all of it. And we have the equivalent of brand new rig that have the size that are able to earn just about where the new rig out of a shipyard cost. We got four new rigs coming out of the shipyard now. The market or the analysts seem to be focused on the age of the Diamond fleet, but my life the Diamond fleet does not nearly have the age that the analysts calculate. When I look at the age of our design win fleet, I think in terms of the market valuated age so that when you multiply the age by the market value of the rig and then conclude the average age for the fleet. Our number show that our fleet is about the same age of the Transocean fleet. So I think Diamond is tremendously strong, has lots of financial flexibility and I don't really understand what the market is focused on.
Pete Keegan: No. It really wouldn't have materially affected it. The way you do the ceiling test Bob is a four quarter historical rolling average. So any one quarter doesn't really change it that much so the ceiling test might have been minimally impacted but not much. The goodwill test is totally different test, it's a two step process, you either pass or fail step one, which is based on all kind of market metrics if you fail, which we did you then go to step two and its like redoing purchase price accounting, allocate between gas assets and whatever is left over is goodwill and we did that calculation. There was nothing left over for goodwill. And that was while it's related to pricing its not heavily related to current pricing.
Pete Keegan: Our qualified pension is pretty small, Bob. So while we did get a pick up and especially fully funded, we did get a pick up as a result of the change in the discount rate is virtually everybody did. The impact on expense is pretty minimal because our plant is fully funded there isn't much expense and it isn't going to move the needle very much.
Pete Keegan: Yes. Ultimately, you'll see it in the consolidated balance sheet. I mean, we still have work in process putting all that together you heard on their call that they had --
Peter Keegan: Well, it's really targeted for growth projects but its cash, if the whole thing is funded so in period it could go to data and debt. But the process of thinking was it is project related.
Peter Keegan: All right. Let me answer that question mechanically. If you subtract the special dividend, which they declared of a dollar and you then take the quarterly distributions and multiply them by four, you will end up with a number that is somewhat under $500 million. But, that is – the Boards obviously have declared nothing beyond the first quarter distribution level.
Peter Keegan: Add them, sorry. Well, to get to the number you got to subtract it and then add it back. You can't multiply the first quarter by fourth.
