Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, let me summarize how we think about each one of our businesses. As I said six months ago, trouble is opportunity when it comes to the offshore drilling market. The market is certainly challenged but Diamond is positioned to withstand this downturn and hopefully sees opportunities as they arise. CNA is improving its underwriting performance and maintaining a stellar balance sheet. Diamond is repositioning its operations to align with the evolution of the U.S. natural gas marketplace and Loews Hotel is adding to its presence in key markets with exciting potential. We continue our commitment to pursuing a value oriented investment strategy and to creating a diverse portfolio of solid businesses. As always, Loews' is focused on managing capital to achieve the best long term return for our shareholders. We found the disciplined capital management, coupled with a diverse portfolio of businesses is an exceptional way to create value over time. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Mary.
Jim Tisch: So we have the Loews Regency in New York which is a hotel that is of a higher quality than the Loews Hotel brands. And when we had the opportunity to acquire the former Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco, we decided that that would be a good place to extend the Loews Regency brand. So voila you see that we now have two Loews Regency Hotels. If we have the opportunity going forward to create more Loews Regency Hotels, we certainly like to do that.
Jim Tisch: I think right now the conditions are bad enough for rig valuations to go down. The problem is they haven't been bad enough for long enough. There are people who either have rigs chartered, so they are not feeling any pressure. There are people who may have loss charters or who have rigs that are unchartered now, that are feeling a lot of pressure. But interest rates are low and at least for the next few months they are able to get by. People that have rigs that are scheduled to come out of the shipyard, many of them have delayed the arrival of those ships. But there is no doubt in my mind that as the charter market remains a vast desert for these fifth and sixth generation rigs, that the carrying cost of the rigs which is both the interest that they have to – that owners have to pay on their debt and additionally the staffing cost for these rigs which can be as much as $2 million to $3 million a month that will start to weigh on the owners. And at that point, in the next two, three or four quarters, I think we could see that some fifth and six generation rig assets become available for sale.
Jim Tisch: So, I don't recall the comments that I made, I’m sure that I made it. Let me just talk about where I think the market is right now. I think that after all these years of low interest rates and quantitative easing, what we have is markets both fixed income and equity markets that are priced for perfection. Stocks are almost at new highs, the NASDAQ reached new highs last week, the S&P is within a shot of it. Today as we speak, the market multiple is I don’t know 16, 17, 18 times earnings. When you look at companies that are auctioned in the private equity world, what I would say is that 10 is the new 6 and what that means is in the old days when companies would trade at an EBITDA multiple of six times, today that number is 10 times. And yes, interest rates are low but still it seems to me that even though you can finance at low rates, there just isn't enough room for return for the equity holder at these kinds of valuations. So, my guess is that for the time being businesses look like they're priced too high for us. Now one of the things that I always remember is that the world is cyclical. And it's easy to lose sight of that because we're now in - firmly in year six of an upcycle for equity prices. But at some point in time something will happen, people will lose all the confidence that they have and my guess is that opportunities will present itself. Like I said for offshore drilling, it could be a while and offshore drilling it's the next several quarters in the market for businesses, it could be in the next several years. But I'd rather be patient and get a good business at an attractive price rather than lose patience and buy a business at too higher price.
Jim Tisch: No, we’re happy to buy businesses here that have foreign operations. I think it's a much bigger leap to buy a business based in a foreign country. First of all, we keep scoring dollars, secondly it’s the - foreign markets are markets that don't scare by the same token, we’re not fully familiar with the rules, regulations, customs and taxation. And so our hunting ground is primarily in the United States.
Jim Tisch: WTI is currently at about $59 a barrel. Brent is $66 a barrel. I think here at the price where investment starts to make sense for offshore and onshore drilling. But there is something else I think that has to happen in order for investment to pick-up and that is that I think people have gone want to see how volatile prices are. So will prices be at $59 a month from now, will they be at $49 if there are $49, then there is still lot of volatility in the marketplace then I think you are not going to see confident comeback to the market. On the other hand, if $59 on WTI and $66 on Brent is the new normal and we will see that over the coming few months, then I think you will start to see some glimmers of drilling. But there is a lot of headwinds for the market. Number one, we have thousands of wells in the United States that have been drilled that have not yet been tracked. Number two, we have very high levels of oil in storage in United States beyond the normal levels, and so I think that there is a distinct possibility that those headwinds can be a real hindrance to prices moving up more from here.
Jim Tisch: One other thing, and that is there is a real distinction between drilling for oil and shale formations and drilling for it offshore. When you drill for oil in shale, it can be as little as two months between the time that you make the investment decision, until the time that you start production. And so, it's relatively - and you also have a very good sense of exactly how much oil you are going to be able to produce from that shale well. So with prices at $59 a barrel, you are able to pretty effectively hedge your first several years of production, which makes all the difference in terms of the economics of your well. So there is, remember, I am sure shale production its two months from the time you decide to drill until the time you’re producing. For offshore drilling, its two to five years from the time you decide to drill until the time that you can be producing. So, the offshore guys are much less concerned about the spot price for oil and much more concerned about what the trend is going to be. They don't know nearly as well how much oil they are going to be able to produce from that well that they may drill in the next year and they have got to all manner of completion so they don't know exactly when the oil is going to be produced. So it's much more difficult for them to hedge their production than it is for the onshore shale people.
Jim Tisch: So, offshore production is about $20 barrels a day and it is a very important part of total worldwide oil production. Shale production is probably under $5 million barrels a day. So, shale production just cannot make up for the production that takes place offshore, that’s number one. Number two, when you look at breakeven rates, you see that offshore oil drilling in many theatres is very competitive with the economics of shale production. So there is no doubt in my mind that moving forward we’ll continue to see shale drilling and shale production and we’ll continue to see offshore drilling and offshore production.
Jim Tisch: I don't know. All I know is that the business has been growing very rapidly. Recently we have added hotel, we have added two hotels in Chicago, Minneapolis, Washington DC, Boston, Orlando, Hollywood, San Francisco and there is one more on the boards for Orlando. We've seen a significant increase in EBITDA and hopefully earnings will soon follow. So I think you’re seeing a rejuvenation of the Loews Hotels brand name and we’ll just see how we are able to do going forward.
