Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Christy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the Company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our Security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. Before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Christy, we are ready for the Q&A portion of the call. If you would like to queue the folks listening.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. Christy, we’d like to conclude the call for today. We want to thank everyone for their continued interest. A replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours and we’ll talk to you all next quarter.
James Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call for questions, I want to highlight a new addition to our Investor Relations materials. Some of you have asked for more information about our subsidiary strategies and mid to long-term prospects for growth. In response to your requests, we have now posted on our website presentations for CNA, Diamond Offshore, CCC and Loews Hotels narrated by the respective CEOs and leadership teams. Boardwalk’s presentation will be added later this year. We are happy to provide these virtual Investor Day style presentations and we look forward to hearing your feedback and answering any questions you might have. Now, back to Mary.
James Tisch: Listen, we’ve always thought Boardwalk is an excellent asset. The changes in FERC made it so that, we really felt the need to exercise the call. And that’s really where we are right now. Nothing has changed about our long-term view concerning Boardwalk.
James Tisch: So, Boardwalk was paying a dividend of $0.40 a year and it’s our expectation that Boardwalk will be able to continue to pay those dividends.
James Tisch: Yes, listen, I said in my remarks that we will be talking more about Boardwalk in the later call and that’s really what I’d like to do now.
James Tisch: No, I don’t think so. Loews has a market cap of 16 – $15 billion or $16 billion. This adds another $1.5 billion of exposure to energy Boardwalk. Already it was a $1.5 billion exposure. So now, it’s $3 billion out of a total of $16 billion, add another $1.5 billion for Diamond Offshore and you see that CNA dwarfs both of those investments. So, in terms of portfolio management, I am not so concerned about the size of Boardwalk.
James Tisch: We believe that these six projects that we’re currently working on will be hotels that have RevPAR and EBITDA that far outpace what’s available in their particular markets now.
James Tisch: So, the bolt-ons which are – what you might call mom and pops can range in price from $5 million to $20 million, $30 million, $40 million or $50 million. When we buy them, there are a lot of synergies that mean that if we buy them at a particular multiple, we could save, say, two EBITDA turns by buying them and including them in our systems due to the synergies that we have. There are lots and lots of these mom and pops in the industry and as you might imagine, as you get to larger sizes, there are fewer and fewer.
James Tisch: We have about $3.1 billion of cash after the $1.5 billion went out for the Boardwalk purchase and we have $1.8 billion of debt.
James Tisch: There are no other questions. So I want to answer the question that wasn’t asked. And the question that wasn’t asked is, what do I think of the price reaction of CNA to its earnings today? And my answer is I am totally befuddled. My own belief is that CNA was very cheap going into this earnings call. CNA reported what we at Loews thought was very good earnings and as a result, the stock is down 3% or 4% today. So, I am very surprised at CNA's price actions. As you all know, we’ve bought a lot of Loews’ shares, 5% of the shares just this year and a lot of the reason for the purchase of the shares was because, we believe in CNA and CNA is such a big factor in the Loews’ share price. There is 0.77 CNA shares for every Loews share and as I said previously, the value of CNA to Loews dwarfs the value of our other subsidiaries. So, in my view, not only our CNA’s share is down, but also that some of the parts is quite dramatic to us. So, it makes us – it makes us, I would say surprised at just what’s going on in terms of the valuations of CNA and of Loews. But I guess, it’s better for us, us meaning the shareholders who are still in the company.
David Edelson: Well, I would say, Josh, you are right. Obviously, you are in – when you are in building mode, you are not generating revenue and you are incurring expense although a good bit of expense is capitalized of course. And then as you approach opening, you have preopening expenses which are expense. So – and then, takes just a wee bit of time for a hotel to get up and running into it sort of earnings revenue and earnings runrate. But I would say, given the magnitude of Loews Hotels at this point, a 600 room hotel is not – it obviously the company can withstand it and generate strong profitability and strong year-over-year growth as well. Remember, this is the only hotel under construction. There are Kansas City that we have discussed, Arlington Texas that we have discussed, St. Louis that we have discussed and of course, these new hotels in Orlando. So there is certainly the prospect for significantly higher revenue and goodwill and profitability going forward.
David Edelson: And Josh, I would say, just given the fragmented nature of the industry, in terms of the number of conversations going on in any given time, many, but at various different stages of course. So, there is a significant pipeline that is being nurtured.
David Edelson: Yes, I mean, they’ve done two in the past year. We would hope that they would continue if not accelerate that pace. So…
David Edelson: And by the way, I would just – I would be remised to not pointing out that the debt comes due anywhere between 2023 and 2043. So, it’s not that if there is a short-term call.
