James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. We're going to change the format of this call slightly today just to mix things up a bit. Our CFO, David Edelson, will start by walking you through Loews' second quarter results, and then I'll talk about our view of the medium-term to long-term prospects for each of our businesses. Okay, David, over to you.
James S. Tisch: Okay. Let's start with Diamond. When we bought back the shares of Diamond, I think that, we did not anticipate that the decline in offshore drilling would be as bad as it has been. We didn't anticipate that oil prices would go into the $20s, we didn't anticipate that oil companies would cut back their capital budget so dramatically. And we certainly didn't anticipate that utilization today of drilling rigs would be at the levels that they're at. So, I think we were surprised and I daresay that the rest of the market was surprised by what's happened in the offshore drilling industry. But now, I think, we recognized very clearly exactly where we are in that business. With respect to CNA, I would say it's just the opposite of Diamond. Things have worked out pretty much as we have expected. CNA continues to improve on its underwriting, its earnings have come in very strong and when we bought CNA's stock in the $20s we said then and we say now the stock is just too damn cheap. You're right, when we bought it, it did represent a 10% yield when you look at – look in the rearview mirror and take into account the special dividend along with the regular dividend. And we believe very much in the strength of CNA's business. As I said in my remarks, we believe strongly in the capital level that CNA has and we believe strongly in the improvements that are taking place at CNA.
James S. Tisch: So when I think about what I do, the primary – I think my primary job is that of capital allocator. We allocate capital to Loews share repurchases to purchases of subsidiary shares. We allocate capital from time-to-time to our subsidiaries to the extent that they might need capital from Loews and it represents a good return to Loews. And then, we also allocate capital to – less often, but in bigger amounts to repurchase – to purchase, sorry, new businesses. So, these are just the types of capital allocation issues that we have the competition for our capital. And from my perspective and the Loews Corporation perspective, we are constantly making judgments every day, what is the best place for our capital, and the times when we bought CNA shares and the times when we bought Diamond shares, at those points in time, without the benefit of rearview mirror today, we decided to purchase those shares.
James S. Tisch: I like it a lot. I think the – as I said in my remarks, I think oil companies in the world in general are dramatically under-investing in oil production capacity, I think that – I think, I believe, I know that depletion is real that oil wells do not continue producing forever, some of them decline at 70% a year, some of them decline at 5% a year, but all of them decline. And to the extent that the world is not reinvesting in new productive capacity, those declines in production will be felt in the coming years. Combined with that even though some say that oil demand growth is sluggish, oil demand is still continuing to increase every year generally on the order by about 1 million barrels a day or about 1%. So, as you add a few years together of underinvestment, combined with continued demand growth, I think you can see that in a few years time, prices will have to go up in order to provide the investment returns needed by oil companies in order to make the investment in more productive capacity. And I think that in two years' time, that will certainly happen. I recall – I – in prior calls, I've said that $65 was my fearless forecast, for year-end 2018 oil, I think there is a good chance that oil will be significantly higher than that on the order of, say, $10 a barrel.
James S. Tisch: We take all the sources of capital that we anticipate coming into Loews into account. The thing that Loews doesn't do nor do our subsidiaries do is make forward-looking statements as to what specifically those amounts are.
James S. Tisch: As I say, you die by the sword, you live by the sword. We had for a number of quarters, even years, suffered with gold investments. And what's happened in this most recent quarter is that our gold investments came to life. And the investment income in the quarter is primarily attributable to our gold investments.
James S. Tisch: It is surprisingly small. It's about $150 million maybe, this is not – it's not so big. We've had on our gold investments, this quarter, this year-to-date, more than a 100% rate of return, not annualized, just in the six months 100% rate of – greater than a 100% rate of return on those gold investments.
James S. Tisch: Miami is a significant contributor to Loews Hotels' income, and its earnings during this capital improvement time will be dramatically affected by the work that's being done. But we strongly believe that the hotel that will be seen by the public, when the work is completed will be a dramatic improvement over an already very profitable hotel.
James S. Tisch: I'm staying with my forecast and when you said growth has been a bit below it, below my 2% mark, I'm reminded of what Larry Lindsey said to me and he may have been quoting some other economists, but he said that economists use decimal points to show the world that they have a sense of humor. So...
James S. Tisch: So, Diamond is scrapping two rigs, but we believe that even in a robust recovery that there won't be work for those two rigs. Those rigs are generally very old and have served their useful productive lives, but we do have a number of rigs that are stacked, that will be able to come out of stack mode and operate when, as and if, the oil – offshore oil drilling industry improves.
James S. Tisch: So the primary market for third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs, I believe, will be in the shallower water depths where sixth-generation dynamically positioned rigs cannot compete. They just technically cannot compete there. So I think that there will be in the future, a good market for those third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs, but it will be a relatively small market, certainly not as big as it was in prior decades. So we are very comfortable – Diamond is very comfortable with the exposure that it has to that class of rigs.
James S. Tisch: Yeah. So, I don't foresee Diamond purchasing any third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs. When you look at the economics of purchasing a third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rig, what you quickly realize is that the purchase price of the rig is really incidental and very small in comparison to the cost of re-commissioning the rig and going through a special survey. So the – in my opinion, the cycle is different, slightly different this time than last time, because in the cycle, say, in the late 1980s, early 1990s, you were able to buy rigs, re-commission them for very little and bingo, you would be back in business. This time, the cost to re-commission the rig after it's been in stacked mode for a few years can, in some instances, be measured – can be greater than a $100 million. So it doesn't – the economics aren't – are not driven by whether you pay $5 million for the rig or $7 million for the rig. We feel that we have enough of that class of rigs that when and if the industry comes back, we will make a lot of money from those rigs, and we would anticipate making money then from sixth-generation and later rigs if the market truly improves.
James S. Tisch: So, I don't want to argue the merits of gold, I would just say that, for us gold has, and our portfolio has been a very good hedge that when stocks are down, gold tends to outperform and when stocks are in – are up, gold tends to underperform. And so, it's been, I think, a very good balance for our portfolio. I am not, nor is anybody else here at Loews what you would call a gold bug, but it was – it is interesting to me that in the first half of this year, we have a relatively modest investment in gold securities we've been able to earn an outsized rate of return on that investment.
