James Tisch: There are a whole host of reasons why I believe that interest rates are going to go up: Number one is a fear of inflation; number two is just the dynamics in the market because at some point in time, the Fed’s quantitative easing is going to have to end. And when it does, that will be a $600 billion or $900 billion purchaser of fixed-income securities exiting the market. So for those reasons and a lot of others, at some point in time, it is inevitable that interest rates will go up. We are positioning the CNA portfolio to try to stay as short as we can but also to recognize that we have liabilities that have to be matched. 1/3 of our liabilities reflect a long-term care and other long-term liabilities that we match very close together. That's got about a 10-year duration to it. And then, the rest of the portfolio runs about a five-year duration, and that's reflective of the liabilities or the reserves that CNA has on its books for its bread and butter Property & Casualty business.
James Tisch: I don't know the exact size that we would look for. The thing that I know and believe is that in the course of the next few years, there will be plenty of opportunities to acquire gas and liquid properties. And I believe that with the right management, there will be good opportunities to earn very good rates of return on funds invested in the business. And we are ready, willing, able to make the commitment of those funds. But I don't want to give you a size for what we're looking at. Obviously, we're not looking to do a $10 billion transaction. So beyond that, I can't really state what we're looking to do.
James Tisch: I wouldn't say there were significant changes. I would imagine that our investment in stocks increased because the stock market went up. And likewise, our investment in hedge funds probably increased because they, too, earned a few percentage points during the quarter. But otherwise, there were no real significant changes.
James Tisch: First of all, is it possible to have too much cash? Yes, I guess so. But I would say that I don't think that we're there. So that's not a problem that I'm worried about. In the past, we have had more cash than we have today. Although at the time, we had more shares. So on a per-share basis, we're probably at the high point. But I still don't feel that we're drowning in cash. And I believe that over the next few quarters and years, we'll have plenty of opportunities to use that cash. At the time that -- by corporate philosophy, we like having a lot of cash on our balance sheet. We understand that it is a drag on return on equity and other statistics. But it's been the cash that's been on the balance sheet that's given us the opportunities to really do value-creating transactions. In a way, it allowed us to invest in CNA and Boardwalk at a time when if the markets would've been open to them, they would've been open at a very, very high price. It gave us the opportunity to buy Texas Gas Transmission in '03 and Gulf South Pipeline in '04. It allowed us to get into the Gas Exploration and Production business in '07. And going back to the 80s and early 90s, it was the cash on the balance sheet that allowed us to jump into the opportunity of buying offshore drilling rigs when nobody else wanted them. So we like to have cash and not have to go to bankers and other financiers when we want to buy what I would call -- make value-creating investment. With respective to our share repurchases, all I will say is that there is a minimum amount of cash that we want to have on the balance sheet that will determine that we won't -- -- if we go below that minimum amount of cash, we would not buy shares. But to the extent that we're above that amount, and we are to today, obviously, then we'll buy shares based on our assessment of whether we think it's attractive value for all of our shareholders.
James Tisch: We absolutely positively intent to hold it long term. We have been long-term holders of CNA, as generally we are long-term holders of all of our subsidiaries. That's number one. Number two, I believe that we have a terrific management team in place and we have -- not just in terms of the CEO leadership, but also in terms of the entire senior staff. So I think that CNA is really poised for growth. Additionally, we're coming off of three or four or five years of price declines in the insurance industry. And I believe that at some point, hopefully in the not-too-distant future, we're going to see price increases. And in fact, in our commercial insurance line for the past five quarters, we've had price increases. So I think CNA is poised for growth. It trades at a very big discount to its book value. In terms of its financial strength, it has the strength of a company that would be AA rated by some of the rating agencies. So we are very pleased with CNA. We're long-term holders, and I'm looking forward to many years of good earnings from the company.
James Tisch: Apparently, this morning Ensco announced that it was going to buy Pride using a combination of cash and stock. And according to the release that I saw, they will now become the second largest offshore drilling rig operator in the world. I've been involved in this industry for over 20 years, and I've seen lots of mergers and conglomerations. And this is the one industry where I can very firmly say that if you are at least of a minimum size, that you can compete with the biggest rig owners out there. And for sure, Diamond Offshore qualifies as having enough scale in order to be able to compete. When you look at the release, it says they anticipate about $50 million of savings by putting the two companies together. Now on the one hand, $50 million is a lot of money, but on the other hand, in the context of the size and scope of the transaction, I think it's about a $7.5 billion transaction, the notion that you're getting $50 million of synergies makes it plain that the reason for the transaction was not to gain those synergies. I have no doubt that Diamond Offshore can easily compete just as we have no trouble competing against Transocean and the other large offshore drilling operators.
James Tisch: I can't give you any specific industries per se. What I can do is tell you what I think that we bring to the party when we acquire a company. When we acquire a business, we look at the business from a very neutral perspective. We look at it from the perspective of the only thing we're looking to do is to maximize of the value of that business over the intermediate to long term. We think carefully about strategy and the strategy that the management of the acquired company sets out for their business. We challenge them on that strategy. And then we're closely involved in the allocation of capital and the capital spending and the investment within the business. And we like to think that, that discipline look at strategy and capital allocation yields results for all the shareholders that are beneficial over the long term. I think that was felt, for example, in the Offshore Drilling business, where we're constantly leaning against the wind. When others are out buying rigs, we were instead upgrading rigs at less than half the price and in half the time. We bought rigs when others didn't want to buy rigs, when we bought the Courage and the Valor two and a half years ago. And I believe that we're able to do that because we provide for the company a long-term strategic view. We're accustomed to cyclical markets, and we're accustomed to leaning against the wind so to do generally what the other participants in the market are not doing at that point in time.
James Tisch: I don't want to get into specific industries. So I'm just going to leave my answer with what I said.
