James S. Tisch: First of all, there is no change in disclosure. And secondly, I don't know that there was any foreshadowing. I was commenting about what happened in the third quarter and what's been happening this year. I was expressing some of my frustration with valuation of Loews and our subsidiaries. And I want to make clear, do not confuse frustration with complaining. While I'm frustrated, I also consider this a golden opportunity. And I think we've taken plenty of advantage of it having repurchased over $750 million worth of our stock this year. But I caution you not to take what I said as foreshadow. Yes, I think the prices of our subsidiaries are depressed, but I don't know what that's necessarily going to mean in terms of our share repurchases going forward. We have lots of options. We consider – every day, we think about whether or not we want to buy shares, and there are always competing uses for our money. So we think about it and we can – as I think you know from our past experience, we can turn on a dime.
James S. Tisch: So, one other thing I should add. The share price declines of both Diamond as well as Boardwalk were nothing short of spectacular. So, two out of three of our subsidiaries had very bad share price performance during the third quarter. And as I said at the outset, that was the elephant in the room and I wanted to address it.
James S. Tisch: So, this year – I don't know where your numbers came from, let me give you mine. So, this year, we'll have about $800 million of cash flow from our subsidiaries and we've spent $750 million of that. We started the year with I think north of $5 billion in cash. And right now we have about $4.8 billion. So – and we like to maintain a minimum of, say, $1.5 million to $2 million – $1.5 billion to $2 billion at least. So we see that we've got cash flow coming-in in the form of dividend and we have $3 billion of capital that can used for lots of different purposes. Share repurchases, investments in our subsidiaries, a new business or as I like to say, if there is nothing to do, we'll do nothing with it.
James S. Tisch: So, there is about I guess $400 million to $500 million in stocks and another $900 million-or-so in hedge funds of one sort or another, and then the rest is in money market instruments of one sort or another that are paying us very, very little.
James S. Tisch: No, we're not. But the equity positions, as you all know, could be liquidated rather quickly. And with respect to our hedge funds, that portfolio was designed in part to be able to be liquidated over a number of quarters.
James S. Tisch: I would say a handful of hotels. I think that we've done – over the past four years or five years, we've covered a lot of the map with Boston, Washington, Chicago, we have two, Minneapolis and San Francisco. So, we've come a long way. There are – there are other cities that we'd like to be in. We're moving forward on plans to develop some hotels and we're looking to acquire others. So there's still room to go, but we're hard at work on it.
James S. Tisch: Listen, I like capital light. So, management is always number one, but with management, you don't control the asset, and in some ways, you don't control your own fate. A partnership is the next best thing because that's not capital light, but it's capital lighter, so that we don't have to put up all the money for the hotel. And the third alternative is for us to buy 100% of the hotel, which we have done a number of times. What we look to do when we buy 100% of a hotel is that over the next one year to two years we look to sell down a percentage interest in that hotel so we don't have as much cash invested in the property.
James S. Tisch: You know, Michael, I'm pleased to say that we don't make forecasts for our business. So, I can't really respond to you. What we talk about more than earnings is value and we talk about that over three years to five years. And let me just say, I would be disappointed if the value of Loews did not increase significantly over that time period.
James S. Tisch: Okay. So, let me take a stab and tell me if I answered your question. So, CNA is the big gorilla in the room. CNA as you correctly say represents two-thirds of the value of Loews. And also generates probably – this past year, it generated 80% or 85% of our cash flow. Behind that are Boardwalk and Diamond Offshore. I would say that both are recuperating. Diamond Offshore, as you know, cut its dividend so that it could get off of the MLP treadmill. Cut that distribution in January and has been able to finance its growth with primarily internally generated funds, and as I said in my remarks, has very good growth prospects going forward. We're looking forward to that $1.5 billion of organic growth coming online. There is still more organic growth that they're hoping to put on the books. So even though Boardwalk doesn't – isn't paying out significant dividends, it is building its business and its network, and we're really very pleased with that. At Diamond Offshore, it is the strongest company in its industry. It has investment grade ratings, it's got cash available to it to invest, and it's just waiting for the opportune time to invest in more rig assets. Diamond Offshore, as you will recall, between 2006 and 2014 paid out $41 a share of dividend. So to Loews Corporation that represented almost $3 billion. And there was a time when instead of Diamond stock being $20 a share, it were seven times higher. So it represented very significant value to Loews. Now, I'm not predicting that Diamond is going to go back to $140 anytime soon. But I do think that in the fullness of time and once this oil cycle has played itself out and oil prices are back to where I would considered to be equilibrium prices that Diamond Offshore shares can improve as well. And then finally, I'd say that with respect to Loews Hotels, it doesn't have a lot of earnings, but it does have a lot of value. The hotels in our portfolio, many of them are the envy of a lot of people in the hotel business. And the goal of Loews Hotels is to continue building the value of the company. As I said, it may be difficult for you to see in the form of net income. We do show adjusted EBITDA as a measure to help give you some ability to get value of the business. But I'd simply end by saying that – as I've said before, I love all my children, I love all our businesses, and I think each one of them is doing well within the context of their industry.
James S. Tisch: No, I think right now, things are generally priced for perfection. And as I continuously say, we kick a lot of tires, but we just haven't found the right thing.
