James S. Tisch: No. They are generally being held in cash instruments. So roughly, I would say the amount of hedge funds and equities that we own did not increase.
James S. Tisch: So in both the Mississippian Lime and also in the Permian Basin, in the Wolfcamp Shale, we are looking to see if we can produce oil from those 2 regions at economic rates. We know there is oil down there because we have drilled wells and we have and we still are producing it, but the question is whether we can figure out how to extract the oil and earn at least a reasonable rate of return on our investment. It will take us another several quarters to be able to determine whether or not we can do that. But we do know that the oil is down there.
James S. Tisch: Bob, I don't know. But the thing I do know is that over the past 15 years or so at least, we've had cash balances of $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion or $6 billion. We never worried about spending it. But lo and behold, the incoming cash that we had coming into Loews was spent either buying businesses or buying our shares or supplying capital at attractive returns to the businesses that we own. So somehow or other, we're able to find investments to make. And the thing that's driving us, though, is, like I said in my prepared remarks, we find it's much better to raise capital when the rates are attractive rather than to raise it when you need it. When you need it, the debt or the equity capital can be very, very expensive.
James S. Tisch: Here's what I'd say. If you want to buy the stock of a company that's got a significant equity portfolio, go to Berkshire Hathaway. We do not think that we are going to generate significant long-term returns for our shareholders by having a large equity portfolio. We're looking to either buy in our shares, buy another business or invest in our own businesses. That's the main way that we're going to build value for our shareholders. We have...
James S. Tisch: Yes, yes. We have an equity portfolio of about $500 million, $600 million. We have that because we do want -- we do have expertise in investing in equities, and we do think we can do a good job at it, combined with the fact that by having the equity portfolio, it keeps us closely in touch with the markets and what's going on. But in terms of that being a line of business or an avenue to significant shareholder value growth, I just don't think that's going to be the place.
James S. Tisch: No. To my knowledge, we've seen nothing like that at all. My understanding is that, with respect to the commodities that was written about in the New York Times, it was both commodities, typically metals, being delivered back and forth from one warehouse to another for Lord knows what reason. We haul natural gas under contract from one location to another, usually distant location, based on the orders from our customers. So my strong supposition is that, that is dramatically different than what you're seeing in the metals markets.
James S. Tisch: Yes, we have, and that's why the return in our investment portfolio was as low as it was this quarter. It was basically breakeven. That's because of the losses that we experienced on those gold-related investments, offset the gains we made from the rest of the portfolio.
James S. Tisch: So for some hotels where there's maintenance CapEx, you have to do that just to keep the property up to snuff. For other hotels -- and there isn't a significant additional ROI from that. On the other hand, for a hotel like the Regency, we're expecting a very significant return on our investment, as this is really the first major, major upgrade that we've had in the hotel in 50 years. And we expect a significant increase in the hotels' EBITDA. So we believe that the investment will have a significant double-digit rate of return. The other place where we invest for the hotel company, other than maintenance CapEx and rehabilitation CapEx, is in new hotels. And there, we're doing that in the form of hotels that we're developing, either in Orlando or Chicago, or hotels that we're purchasing. And there, again, we don't put a number on the ROI that we expect out of the investment, but we think those ROIs will be very attractive for us.
