Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we proceed to our Q&A, let me review why I am confident about the long-term prospects of each of our businesses. CNA has improved its underwriting performance and paid significant dividends to shareholders, while maintaining its strong capital position. Diamond is in a tough market. And although we can’t predict when its market will turnaround Diamond is ready to weather the storm. It’s been conserving its financial resources and maintaining its position as the strongest offshore drilling company in terms of finance, innovation and leadership. Hopefully, during these challenging times for the offshore drilling industry, Diamond will be able to add productive rate assets at attractive valuations. Boardwalk has made smart capital decisions that should allow us to fund its announced growth projects without having to issue equity in 2016. And Loews Hotels continues to grow its chain steadily with an eye towards profitability. Whether confronting headwinds or aided by tailwinds Loews’ strategic imperative remains the same creating value for shareholders over the long-term. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Mary Skafidas.
Jim Tisch: So, as you know, Boardwalk right now has about $1.6 billion of investments that it’s funding. Hopefully this year, it will find more attractive projects to do. It is also working to bring down its ratio of debt to EBITDA and it’s been very successful with that this past year in 2015. It would be very nice for Boardwalk to be able to increase its distribution. And by the way, Loews would be the biggest beneficiary of such an increase. But Boardwalk will not do that until such time as it has the distributable cash flow available to it and total access to markets in order that the dividend could be increased responsibly. I cannot give you a date for when that’s going to happen. But even without the dividend, we believe that the management of Boardwalk is building tremendous value with these new projects that it’s embarked upon.
Jim Tisch: I think this is Boardwalk specific. You are asking about what’s going on in the Boardwalk Board meeting. I am not a Board member there and I think you should ask the management of Boardwalk that.
Jim Tisch: Yes, there are some modest seasonalities, but we also have a pretty balanced portfolio, so that when city hotels may not be doing well, then, for example, over Christmas, then resort hotels do, do well. But overall, there isn’t dramatic seasonality to the business.
Jim Tisch: We look at what’s available to buy. A lot of the assets that become – companies that become available to buy, especially in the strike zone that we are looking at are owned by private equity firms. And those companies, those firms have the ability to time when they want to sell their assets. So, one would think that right now prices of companies that private equity firms might want to sell are coming down, because the financing markets have become so much more expensive. But in fact, what we are seeing is not too much that’s on the market. In fact because now it’s not a particularly attractive time to be selling those businesses. If the financial markets that we have today continue for another several quarters, then it’s entirely possible that we could see assets that come on the market that could be attractively priced.
Jim Tisch: In the meantime though, we spent $1.3 billion repurchasing our shares. So that was a significant use of our cash over 2015.
Jim Tisch: Sure. CNA manages its risk assets very carefully because CNA wants to make sure that risk assets do not become too big a percentage of its equity. And additionally, Loews in helping to manage those assets for CNA also is seeing attractive risk investments beyond the hedge fund market. So for example, if you look at bank loans that are available in the marketplace, there has been a tremendous sell-off in many names that now to us are seemingly good investments. So the move out of hedge funds was made in order to make room for additional risk assets that CNA can acquire that we think will be more attractive investments than the hedge funds have been. For the past 20 years, hedge funds have been a very, very attractive investment of risk assets. And what we are seeing now is just that there are other places where we can invest and get good returns.
Jim Tisch: So actually my comment was pretty consistent with that. I was talking about attractive investments that we are seeing in the bank loan and fixed income markets. And listen, from my own personal point of view, the more equities go down, the more attractive they get. So at Loews, as the stock market has been going down, we have been modestly increasing our exposure to equities.
Jim Tisch: There is a lot to be worried about in the world. But I also think that those of us that are on Wall Street can sometimes be overwhelmed by the problems that we see on the horizon. And I think from time-to-time, it’s important to step back, take off your Wall Street glasses and put on industrial America glasses. And I think things don’t look as bad when you look that – with that lens.
Jim Tisch: I am not a registered rep. I don’t give out the public investment advice. There are an awful lot of different ways to play what I think I and you are describing as the improvement in oil and natural gas prices. And it all depends on the risk parameters that you are willing to take, the amount of leverage that you want, a whole host of factors that I think it’s inappropriate for me to opine on right now.
Jim Tisch: Yes. In fact, yes Loews has plenty of exposure to crude oil and to gas through Boardwalk and as well through Diamond Offshore. And to the extent that those commodities go up in place for long enough, then we should see improvement in Diamond’s business and hopefully an increase in Diamond’s share price. And likewise, we should see improvements in Boardwalk’s business and its share price as well. Beyond that, yes, we have invested in some futures in the oil markets. We are sort of like the guy who ran for mayor, he said the rent is too damn low or too damn high, we say oil prices are too damn low. And so I believe that in a number of years, I am not making a prediction for the next number of months, but in the next number of years, we think that oil prices will be significantly higher than the levels we are at today.
