Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning. Loews today reported net income of $268 million or $0.67 per share for the fourth quarter 2011 as compared to $466 million or $1.12 per share in the fourth quarter of 2010. The decrease in the fourth quarter was primarily due to lower investment income from limited partnership results of CNA and the increase to insurance reserves for CNA's payout annuity business. The fourth quarter also reflects lower earnings of Diamond Offshore. Loews' net income for the full year was $1.1 billion or $2.63 per share compared to $1.3 billion or $3.07 per share in 2010. Book value per share for Loews increased to $47.49 at December 31, 2011, as compared to $44.51 at December 31, 2010, approximately a 7% increase. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the fourth quarter was $192 million as compared to $297 million in 2010 and $569 million for the full year of 2011 compared to $609 million for the prior year. The decrease was due to lower investment income from limited partnership results of $57 million and $104 million increase in insurance reserves through its payout annuity business.  As discussed in the CNA call, the underlying core P&C business continued to show improvement in underwriting profitably and growth. CNA also continues its discipline reserving practices. In the fourth quarter, the P&C business benefited from $250 million of pre-tax favorable prior year loss development. CNA has had 20 consecutive quarters of favorable prior year reserve development. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $88 million compared to $113 million in the prior year quarter and $451 million for the full year 2011 as compared to $446 million from the year before. Results for the fourth quarter were impacted by a higher number of planned downtime days for scheduled maintenance, survey, mobilization and upgrades, while the full year results benefited from historically low unanticipated equipment downtime. Boardwalk Pipeline's net income for the fourth quarter decreased to $21 million from $34 million in the prior-year quarter and $77 million for the full year in 2011 compared to $114 million from the prior year. The decrease is primarily attributable to one-time items in both 2011 and 2010. Absent those items, the quarter was basically flat year-over-year. Boardwalk recently raised $217 million in an equity offering. HighMount's net income for the fourth quarter decreased to $12 million from $21 million in the prior year quarter and $62 million for the full year in 2011 compared to $77 million from the prior year. Results are primarily due to decreased sales volumes stemming from a reduction in HighMount's drilling activity and declines in natural gas prices.  HighMount's production volumes and realized prices in the fourth quarter are as follows: Natural gas production was $10.7 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $5.71 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 656,000 barrels at an average realized price of $39.36 per barrel; and oil production was 72,000 barrels at an average price of $88.74 per barrel.  HighMount has hedges in place for about 52% of its total production for 2012 at an average price of $5.79, and has hedges in place for about 16% of its total production for 2013 at an average price of $5.44. During the fourth quarter, HighMount refinanced its outstanding debt, which included a $400 million capital contribution from Loews.  Loews Hotels had improved results for the quarter and year. Net income increased to $5 million for the fourth quarter in 2011 from breakeven in the prior year. For the full year in 2011, net income rose to $13 million as compared to $1 million for 2010. The improved results were due to the improvement of business in leisure travel with particularly strong results for Loews at the Miami Beach and Orlando Hotels.  Holding company cash and investments as of December 31, 2011, totaled $3.3 billion as compared to $4 billion at September 30, 2011. In the fourth quarter, we made capital contributions of $400 million to HighMount for the refinancing of its term loans and $106 million to fund the acquisition of working interest in oil and gas properties.  In addition, we invested $285 million for an 80% equity ownership in a joint venture with Boardwalk Pipeline. We received $159 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries and paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2011. We also repurchased 800,000 shares of our common stock for $28 million. As of December 31, 2011, there were 396.6 million shares of Loews common stock outstanding.  And that concludes my remarks, and I'll now turn the call back over to Mary.
Peter W. Keegan: HighMount redid its -- basically, its term debt and brought it down from $1.1 billion to $700 million. The total term debt available is $850 million. So the term debt of HighMount is $700 million. I don't have the exact GP dividends, but we can get back to you with that.
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. We put in $106 million -- we contributed $106 million for acquisitions, and we put in $400 million in capital that was the offset to the debt going from $1.1 billion to $700 million.
James S. Tisch: If CNA went public, I think that Loews shareholders would demand that it be public. And being in public offers a lot of benefits to CNA. And so we actually like the fact that it's public. It gives us a barometer on how CNA is doing and it helps all Loews shareholders to value CNA as well. Beyond that, whether the float is 10% or 5% or 20%, I don't think it's worthwhile for me to comment.
James S. Tisch: I'm not going to answer that question because I don't want to -- first of all, if there were, then maybe there were some corporate activity. And if there weren't, it just doesn't make any sense for us to go down that road and talk about the things that may or may not have prevented us from buying in shares.
James S. Tisch: Yes. I think, and I felt this way for a few years now, that the acquisitions in this environment are very difficult for a few reasons. Number one, because the future is really not clear. I don't have a clear view of whether the economy is going to grow at 2%, 4% or 0%. And there still are an enormous number of uncertainties that those of us that manage businesses have to deal with day in and day out. That's number one. And number two, there really aren't a lot of property or assets that are for sale at prices that I think would be attractive for Loews shareholders. So we are happy to continue to own our businesses. We're happy to repurchase shares and we're happy to have significant amounts of cash on our balance sheet. So we don't feel any strong urge or itch to go out and do a big deal.
James S. Tisch: First, back to economics 101. The thing is going to move demand up as price is going down, our price is going up. Price going up is really appreciated by us. But in order for demand to increase, price needs to be down. Gas price -- spot gas price is now about $2.50 in Mcf. That's the equivalent to about $15 per barrel of oil. Oil is currently trading -- West Texas Intermediate is trading at $97 a barrel and Brent Crude, which has really become the international marker, is at $115 a barrel. So gas is very, very cheap. And what we've seen is that we've had a number of years now where gas has traded under 30% of the price of oil. And what I what that is doing, I believe, is that it is getting people to think about changing from oil to natural gas. I spoke to somebody just this weekend, who told me that he spent a few hundred thousand dollars in his commercial building in New York City, switching from heating oil to natural gas. So all manner of projects to put natural gas, either compressed or LNG, into service stations so that trucks and delivery vehicles and private passenger automobiles can consume natural gas. We're going to have closure of a relatively large number of coal-fired power plants that will then be replaced by natural gas. So there's no doubt in my mind that natural gas consumption will increase rather significantly over the next 4 or 5 years. Combined with that, there will also be, in the next several years, as LNG export facilities that will be able to -- each facility will be able to handle about 1.5% of daily natural gas production. So -- and that will be read by the market as additional demand for natural gas. So in my mind, there's a lot of things that will increase natural gas demand. The only problem is that since virtually all of these things require significant capital expenditures, it will take some time in order for that to be realized. But my belief is it will come online and in the past several years, we've seen natural gas consumption grow dramatically faster than oil consumption in the United States, and I think that's going to continue.
James S. Tisch: Somewhat, yes. We're also -- the $100 million that we invested in land acquisitions in Oklahoma is primarily in the oil. And we like very much the economics of that drilling program. As I mentioned on the last call, we spent about $100 million for land. And if we find the oil that we anticipate that we will find there, and will mobilize and do that right now. If we find that oil, there could be in excess of $1 billion of drilling activity to get that oil out, and we see attractive returns on that investment.
James S. Tisch: Well, the premium to surplus ratio is a good quick indicator of the capacity of an insurance company. But this stage, you really have a look as much, if not more, to the rating agencies and their dicta concerning the levels that insurance companies can operate out in terms of revenues that they can write. In that regard, CNA is -- you're right, very, very strong in terms of capital rating -- has ratings that would ordinarily make it, I think, a AA- rated insurance company. CNA, under Tom Motamed has a very significant growth plans. We're anticipating price increases this year and we're also looking to expand our market share volumes. So hopefully, over the next several years, we'll see that the -- what looks like excess surplus at CNA will be used and in essence, consumed supporting increased written premiums.
James S. Tisch: We really haven't. We've been focused on growing HighMount's business, expanding it into -- and diversifying it into oil and natural gas liquids, and putting in place a steady stream of production of those liquids. And that's still going to take some more time for us to fully diversify HighMount's production. So we're not thinking about what do we need to do in order to take this company public. That's just not on our radar screen.
James S. Tisch: I haven't seen anything specific, but my instinct and my bones tell me that there are a significant number of independent gas E&P companies that are going to have a lot of trouble. The -- with gas trading at $3.5 or $4, the industry was going to operate at minus $25 billion cash flow. I mean, they were going to have to raise $25 billion outside sources. And now spot gas prices at $2.50 and hedges running off for E&P companies, I think there -- in some boardrooms, there's concern that's moving to fear that's going to move to panic. And I think that the decline in rigs is just one symptom of that. Now we'll have to see how this all plays out over the next 6 months to a year, but it looks like we are going to end the heating season with record amounts of natural gas that's going to put some pressure on natural gas prices. We're also seeing the time spreads increasing because people think that natural gas will go up in the future, which is, to some extent, benefiting Boardwalk Pipeline. I think though that it's going to take some time for the -- measured in a number of quarters for natural gas to really hit bottom and start to move up. And I think that as that happens, they will be more discipline on the part of gas E&P companies so that they won't be so -- go out with such reckless abandon in terms of the drilling program.
James S. Tisch: A good question, Mike. When we bought HighMount, natural gas prices were about $7.5 to $7.75 in Mcf. And in the first year, it went through -- it just about doubled to about $15 per Mcf. And now gas prices have declined, I guess, 80% or so to under $3 an Mcf. Nobody is making money at these levels. And my guess is that even though HighMount isn't public, that obviously, the value of our investment is lower today than it was when we made the investment. We did not anticipate the tremendous impact that frac-ing would have on the supply of natural gas. And likewise, I don't think that anybody really fully understood what that impact would be. Having said that, what's happened since then is that the cost of looking for natural gas, just as the price of rigs and other services has come down, but nonetheless, at $2.50 or $3 an Mcf, virtually, nobody can look for natural gas or dry gas and be profitable doing it. So my fearless forecast is that natural gas prices will go up over the coming quarters and years, and reach a equilibrium price that will still probably be lower than when we originally got into HighMount. Having said that, I am optimistic about HighMount's future. I'm optimistic about the investment opportunities that we have there, and believe that we will be able to earn good rates of return on our investment in it.
James S. Tisch: No. We're not thinking of franchising per se. We are in the ownership and management business, and we think that we should be able to increase the number of hotels that we have by putting some equity money in, but having partners in ownership. And likewise, we are also going to be looking to increase the number of just hotels that we have under management.
James S. Tisch: Absolutely, positively. When we buy a business that we don't know, there's a lot of uncertainty to it. And the thing that we happen to know best is Loews, and because 3 of our subsidiaries are public, we have a very good sense of what those businesses are worth. So when we buy back our shares, we don't have to pay a premium. We're able to buy it market price. Then when we buy another company, typically, you have to pay a premium to the market price. So all of that and more figures into the calculus that we go through when we think about buying a new business versus buying in our own shares.
James S. Tisch: I didn't say we have to scale back our share repurchases. What I said is that I'm not going to comment about our share repurchases. And I'll just say that our lawyers here are aware of the current state-of-the-art in technology in share repurchases, and we consider all of that when we do buy our shares.
James S. Tisch: The thing that we keep talking about is how we are focused on creating long-term value for all of our shareholders. That really is what drives us every day in what we do. And there are -- we try not to have any bias in our analysis of opportunities. We just try to look for the transactions that will create the most value for all our shareholders. And we find that as we start to explore and get knowledgeable about different transactions, we tend to figure out what really is the best way to execute them in order to create that value. So it's just a long process of a lot of hard work, study and diligence.
