James Tisch: Well, first of all remember these are long-life reserves so they're not as affected by the short-term pricing, by short-term prices of natural gas as shorter lives reserves might be. And when we sold these properties, we received approximately the same price per Mcf in the ground as when we bought these properties. So we felt that in view of what the pricing was for the assets that it made sense to sell at this point in time.
James Tisch: We’re selling it -- when we bought HighMount, we paid I think $1.63 per Mcf. And when we sold, we're selling at about $1.59 per Mcf. I think we're selling fewer Mcfs -- we have fewer Mcfs in the ground, so that may account for a bit of it. But otherwise, on that benchmark, it's about the same.
James Tisch: Yes. The shale boom, I think, has surprised everybody. We bought HighMount in '07. Gas prices proceeded to go up for a year. When we bought HighMount, gas prices were about $7.50 in Mcf. They almost doubled in the next year, going to $14.50 in Mcf in July of '08, and then they went down steadily. At one point, it hit a $1 handle about a year ago. And that's all due to the shale I believe. The shale boom really became recognized as a permanent phenomenon beginning in the summer of '08, and people now have a pretty good understanding of just how significant it is, and it is rather significant. Having said that, I would say that natural gas prices at $4 in Mcf are below the cost of production, even for many of the shale players. So I think that two things will happen in the world of natural gas. Number one, I think that slowly but surely production will come down because the industry is operating -- many people in the industry are operating at negative cash flow. And the other thing that will happen is that natural gas consumption, I believe, over the next several years will increase significantly. Right now, natural gas trades for about 30% of the per Btu that oil trades for. And I think that spread is just too big to last for a long time. And I think what we're going to see is increased consumption of natural gas to the detriment of oil consumption. But as I said, that's not going to happen in a month or two. That will take a few years for that to happen. But it could add a few percentage points of consumption every year to natural gas.
James Tisch: Let me just say, we're very comfortable with our current ownership position. I don't want to talk about what we're going to do in the future, not for Boardwalk, not for CNA, not for any of our subsidiaries. But I can just tell you right now, we are very happy with our ownership of Boardwalk and the cash flow and tax benefits that it’s providing to Loews.
James Tisch: What you’d really have to do is look at it on a per-basin basis. And we don't have those numbers right here.
James Tisch: No, I don't want to give a forecast on that, and the reason is that our CapEx program is driven in large part by the economics that we can achieve through purchasing drilling services and the spread that we can obtain by hedging the production for the first two or three years. So a lot of our CapEx is driven not just by the stock price for natural gas but by the forward curve going out to the year. And it's difficult at this point in time to say exactly what our CapEx will be.
James Tisch: Well, the parent company would invest more money into HighMount if we find the right opportunities. Obviously, we prefer for HighMount to be able to finance it on its own. But given the right opportunity, Loews will be there to make the investment.
James Tisch: Let me take a shot at that. I don't think anybody really knows. I think we're going to have to wait and see. What we've seen to date is that there is increased scrutiny on the part of regulators. My guess is that increased scrutiny will continue and probably increase. But I don't think that anybody at this point in time, probably not even the President, knows exactly what is going to be the new regime in the Gulf of Mexico. And war is offshore of the United States won’t deduct [ph] (42:05) that it’s from this tragedy.
James Tisch: Okay. Listen, Tom, we have a long and glorious history of holding cash at the parent company. We like it. And we have the discipline to hold it even if it pays us precious little in interest. We have of the $3.4 billion of cash at the holding company level, about $500 million is invested in equities and equity-like partnerships. The rest of that money, so close to $3 billion, is invested primarily in fixed income instruments. Our corporate philosophy is to have cash at the holding company level because only by having cash at the holding company level can we take advantage of opportunities when they appear. So the cash that we have by the standards of the past few years is high, by the standards of a few years before that I think the cash that we have is low. I would say to you that it's a level that we're very comfortable with. It gives us the opportunity to buy back stock, if we want to do that. It gives us the opportunity to make an acquisition if we see an attractive one come along. And it’s not so great that it's, as I like to say, it's not burning a hole in our pocket.
James Tisch: Yes. I don't think that, that is going to have a major impact on us. And certainly not as serious an impact as it will have for banks. I think the thing that's concerning me that I may talk about next quarter are the changes that the FASB has up its sleeve, that it will start to lay out over the next several months, which will relate to market value accounting. I know the banks are apoplectic about it. It will be, as they say in the world of economists, procyclical, so that when things are good banks will be giddy to actually loan more, and when things are bad in the economy banks will be retrenching even more. My guess is -- and for Loews and CNA, because we would have to mark all of our investment assets to market, it will cause our earnings to swing wildly. Such that in '08 if we had reported under this regime, our earnings would have been at CNA a loss of $5 billion, and in '09 our earnings would have been income of $5 billion. And so the first thing I think that analysts will do with respect to insurance companies which don't have one on the bank lists the way that other financial institutions have it, the first thing analysts will do when we report our net income number is deduct out that change of in-market value of our assets. I would encourage one and all, when these proposals come out, to make your feelings known to the FASB about what's going on. Because it seems to me to be accounting that will serve no good purpose, will be difficult to account for at the corporate level, and will economically be dangerous for the country. For banks, they will have -- instead of taking Loan Loss Reserves, they will have to mark their loans to market, whatever that means. And as I said, it just doesn't make sense. So pay close, close attention to it and we'll see how it develops.
James Tisch: It is not a done deal. There should be an exposure draft that comes out pretty soon and that's when the debate will officially begin. So you can accuse me of gun-dropping here.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Just to be clear, you took a lot of write-downs since you made the original $4 billion purchase, and the press release said there would be no gain or loss. So just on your last point, you're selling it for the same price as to the markdown assets imply or...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. I understand your point, I guess just following my point, there's no material gain or loss even though you’ve written off $1 billion of carrying value.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right, I understand that, but if you've taken all the assets down by $1 billion and there's no gain or loss...
Peter Keegan: Well, it’s a more complex answer than just that. Other things have happened. We've had earnings. We’ve had tax depreciation. There have been a lot of movement in these assets since we acquired them. So there's not a simple answer to that question, but what Jim said is correct. The price per Mcfe is essentially the same and the unit sold is somewhat less. And we’ve received benefits for the period of time we owned it.
Peter Keegan: I think our view is that the debt will be at $1.1 billion after its fully paid down in about another month, and we consider that level to be appropriate.
Peter Keegan: Well, to answer your first question, the proved developed at year-end for Michigan was a little under 83%, and Alabama it would be about 92%.
Peter Keegan: Let's see. The production -- we can give you the '09 production but I can't give you the pro forma. For ’09, Michigan was 12.5 Bcfe, and Alabama was 9.1.
Peter Keegan: For the Permian Basin in '09: 55.5 Bcfe of natural gas, 3.314 MBbls of liquids, and 326 MBbls of oil and condensates.
