Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income of $367 million or $0.92 per share for the first quarter of 2012 as compared to $379 million or $0.92 per share in the first quarter of 2011. The slight decrease in the first quarter was due to lower earnings at HighMount and Diamond Offshore. These decreases were offset partially by higher earnings at CNA and increased investment income at the holding company. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the first quarter was $226 million as compared to $199 million in 2011. The increase was due to lower catastrophe losses in increased investment income, especially in limited partnership results. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the first quarter 2012 was $87 million compared to $117 million in the prior-year quarter. Results for the first quarter were impacted by lower utilization, including planned downtime, the impact of lower day rates from contract rollovers on 5 rigs and higher rig downtime for mobilization, prepping and stacking. Additionally, there were higher contract drilling expenses reflecting the higher costs of operating rigs internationally rather than domestically. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the first quarter increased to $35 million from $33 million in the prior-year quarter. The increase in net income was partially the result of the acquisition of HP Storage and lower interest expense, which was modestly offset by the continuing decline in natural gas prices and lower throughput primarily from mild winter weather. As Jim mentioned, HighMount recorded a net loss of $22 million for the first quarter of 2012 compared to net income of $19 million in the first quarter 2011. The lower results were due to a non-cash cost center ceiling test impairment charge of $28 million after taxes related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties, as well as decreased sales volumes stemming from a reduction in drilling activity and declines in natural gas prices. HighMount's production volumes and realized prices in the first quarter are as follows: Natural gas production was 10.3 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.22 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 633,000 barrels at an average realized price of $39.79 per barrel; and oil production was 81,000 barrels at an average price of $95 per barrel. HighMount has hedges in place as of March 31, 2012, that cover approximately 51% of projected equivalent production. Natural gas hedges totaled 22.9 billion cubic feet at $5.30 per MMBTU. Natural gas liquid hedges total 1,848,000 [ph] barrels at $37.33 per barrel, and crude oil hedges total 198,000 barrels at $102.59 per barrel. At Loews Hotels, net income increased $2 million for the first quarter of 2012, primarily due to equity earnings in joint venture properties as compared to the 2011 period. Revenues per available room increased $3.24 to $155.31 for the first quarter of 2012 as compared to the 2011 period. The increase in revenue per available room reflects improving occupancy and average room rates. Holding company cash investments as of March 31, 2012, totaled $3.7 billion as compared to $3.3 billion at December 31, 2011. We received $170 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries and paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the first quarter of 2012. Additionally, we received $285 million from Boardwalk Pipeline from the sale of our 80% interest in HP Storage. We also bought back 2,500 shares of Loews common stock for $96,000.  I'll now turn the call back over to the Mary.
Peter W. Keegan: We did not pick up any interest from that expense. We just picked up earnings during the period in which we held it.
Peter W. Keegan: Right, they used purchase accounting, which pushed it back to January 1. And obviously, whatever duplication there is, is illuminated in consolidation.
Peter W. Keegan: You're talking about a very minor adjustment, Bob. Just -- I mean, just take their numbers. It's not a big deal.
Peter W. Keegan: To answer your question, at the end of the first quarter, HighMount's total assets were $2.8 billion.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Second is booking [ph] question, the -- how do we get from what Boardwalk reports to what you report? The $285 million, which I guess was assumed that they had it for all 3 months on their books, was there any sort of implied interest that goes to Loews? Or is this just that it never happened for the quarter? I'm just wondering how that sidecar earnings went through the numbers.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So how do we get from what they -- just roughly, how do we get from what the earnings they reported...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Got you on that. I’m just -- for modeling purposes, I just want to know how we think about this unit looking out to next year.
James S. Tisch: Let me put it to you this way. It does not make sense for us to drill for natural gas at $2 an Mcf. And in fact, we are not drilling in the Permian Basin for dry gas, nor are we drilling anywhere for dry gas. The only drilling that is going on now is looking for wet gas and also oil.
James S. Tisch: No. But what will happen is the amortization that we will have going forward on gas that's produced will be lower. So in essence, it will come back invisibly into earnings over time as the gas is produced.
James S. Tisch: It's a process that will occur over a number of years. And it's a process, first of all, because in terms of demand for natural gas, it will take time for people to make the capital equipment changes that they need to make in order to be able to consume natural gas in trucks and trains and even in the oil patch. And likewise, for supply of natural gas, my guess is that there is still some small amount of drilling that's going on for dry gas. There are a lot of reasons for that, such as people trying to hold property by production and the like. But over time, if gas prices stay down here, my guess is that a lot of that gas -- a lot of that drilling will stop. We've seen, for example, over the past few weeks a number of producers in the Haynesville say that they are going -- they're laying down their rigs, and they're not going to start to drill for dry gas there again until prices get to somewhere between $4 and $4.50 per Mcf. The Haynesville, going back a year or 2, was one of the most prolific and the most profitable areas to produce natural gas. So we are seeing, in terms of producer plans to drill for dry gas, that they are no longer drilling or they're planning not to drill, and they're going to wait a good long time until prices get back to reasonable levels so they can earn a rate of return on their investment. Now that's different in drilling for wet gas. With wet gas, not only do you get natural gas, dry natural gas, but you also get natural gas liquids. And natural gas liquids, to a large extent, are priced off of oil. So oftentimes, people can drill for wet gas, which can represent 30% or 40% of the BTUs produced, but since the wet gas, propane -- since the wet gas constituents, the liquids, propane, butane, isobutane, natural gasoline and a few others, since those are priced off of oil, then in essence, the producer doesn't really care so much about the price of natural gas because the price of the liquids so dramatically outweighs the value of the natural gas that's being produced.
James S. Tisch: We’re always looking, but the problem is that they are not stupid in the market. If you look at the forward price for natural gas in the futures market, that anticipates that -- it anticipates that the recovery is going to come back to natural gas prices over the next 2 or 3 years. So my prediction of $4.50 natural gas prices is not substantially different from the futures market. And the people that are actually selling properties today are able to sell on the basis of the forward price for natural gas, not the spot prices. So to date, we haven't found any veritable bargains.
James S. Tisch: That's right. This year is going to be a little different though, I think, because, come the end of October, or even before the end of October, the storage facilities in the United States may be full. And so production will have to decline to meet that end of storage season, and prices will have to decline. But after that, it's unclear what will happen to prices. It's possible that production will have -- goes down enough that prices could start to accelerate meaningfully.
James S. Tisch: Yes, we really haven't changed too much. We have like $500 million or $600 million of equities and a slightly greater amount of limited partnership investment, and then beyond that, we’re fixed income and treasury bills.
James S. Tisch: Right now, we don't have any plans for that. Right now, we are interested in growing our hotel business in what we would call an asset-like manner. And we understand that to do that may require bridge financing from Loews similar to the bridge financing that we've provided to Boardwalk for their acquisition earlier this year. But we are looking at a number of different opportunities, and we're hopeful that over the coming years, that our hotel business can grow.
James S. Tisch: We have -- well, first, we have $3.7 billion of holding company cash and investments. And historically, that cash balance has not gone below $1.5 billion or $2 billion.
James S. Tisch: We are not looking to franchise the brand. We have historically done hotel management. We have a number of hotels under management, and we're looking to continue doing that, as well as take equity investments in hotels.
James S. Tisch: Well, the -- I mentioned, for example, the Haynesville that producers are saying that they're not going to start drilling again until they get to $4 to $4.50 natural gas prices. That's just one particular area. But it's -- some shales are a bit higher, some shales are a bit lower, but that's approximately where a producer can earn a reasonable rate of return on his investment. Now a lot will be driven by the cost of drilling services and tracking services, and that can be move dramatically over time, so when I say $4 to $4.50, we're really talking about a moving target.
