Mary Skafidas: A copy of our earnings release an earnings snapshot may be found on our website www.Loews.com. On the call this morning we have our Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning we will have a question and answer session. Before we begin however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company’s statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer which is included in the company’s filings with the SEC. During the call today we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our securities’ filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews’s Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch.
Mary Skafidas: At this time we’d like to open up the call for questions. Can you please instruction the participants on how to do that.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you all for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website in about two hours. That concludes today’s call.
James S. Tisch: As you’ve seen from our press release, Loews reported net income from continuing operations of $245 million or $0.63 per share compared to $234 million or $0.60 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Our results were impacted by several unusual items which will be discussed by Pete Keegan later on in the call. This is Pete’s last quarterly call as CFO after some 17 years with Loews in that position. Let’s first proceed with the call and then I’ll come back to share some thoughts about Pete. Let’s start with CNA. There was some noise in CNA’s results this past quarter. Catastrophes primarily related to the harsh winter weather affected first quarter loss and combined rations by 4.5 points. Excluding cats in prior year development however, CNA’s underwriting margin improved almost four points as compared to the same period last year. Also affecting first quarter results was a loss from discontinued operations of $186 million related to the sale of Continental Assurance Company which was announced last quarter and then scheduled to close in the next few months. CAC is a non-core business and its divestiture will help reduce future earnings volatility and free up statutory capital. While the pace of property and casualty rate increases has slowed compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, CNA continues to seek appropriate rate increases based on its underwriting of each individual account. Overall, we continue to be pleased with CNA’s progress. Turning to Diamond Offshore, the offshore drilling market has certainly gotten a lot of press recently and I want to build on the comments offered last week by Diamond’s new CEO Marc Edwards. It is no secret that the operating environment for the offshore drilling industry has become more competitive across all water depths. While no one can predict where day rates will go, we believe that Diamond is well positioned to weather all market conditions. The offshore drilling market is a cyclical business. By maintaining the strongest balance sheet and the best credit ratings in the industry, we are confident that Diamond will be able to take advantage of that cyclicality as it has done in the past. Diamond may have the opportunity to buy rigs at distressed prices as it did in ’09 with the Ocean Courage and the Ocean Valor. If day rates rise of course, Diamond will benefit from the improved capabilities of its fleet so rain or shine we believe that Diamond’s long term prospects remain bright. Also, through April Diamond purchased $88 million of its own stock. As Marc Edwards said on the Diamond call last week, this was an opportunistic purchase but paying dividends to shareholders remains the top priority of the company. Next, to Boardwalk. On our last call we discussed the challenges that the Marcellus and Utica shale plays are creating in the short term. However, we believe that these plays, can in the long run, provide significant opportunities for growth especially now that the company is better positioned due to Boardwalk’s increased access to internally generated capital. As an example, Boardwalk has recently seen significant interest in moving natural gas north to south on a Texas gas pipeline. Last quarter, Boardwalk announced the Ohio to Louisiana access project and since then the company has strong interest for its second open season which concluded on April 22 to transport natural gas south. Boardwalk may have an opportunity to transport over one billion cubic feet per day of gas north to south should these combined projects go forward. In terms of Bluegrass, Sam mentioned on the Boardwalk call earlier today that so far we have been unable to obtain enough firm customer contract commitments to proceed with the project. Boardwalk will continue to consider all of their options. Before I turn the call over to Pete, I also want to add that the Cabana Bay Beach Resort opened 600 of its 1,800 rooms in March with the rest of the rooms and suites scheduled to open in June. Cabana Bay is Loews' fourth hotel in Orlando and a continuation of Loews’ Hotel’s very successful partnership with Universal Studios. Pete, over to you.
James S. Tisch: Not only for your report on this quarter’s financials but for every report you’ve delivered over the past 17 years, this is Pete’s last time on the call and I want to take a moment to sing his praises. Pete Keegan has played a critical role here at Loews’ Corporation and as anyone who has been on these calls with us can confirm, he has played it magnificently. He has contributed significantly to our ability to create value for shareholders by always steering our financial course with a steady and experienced hand. Pete joined Loews in 1997 and I’ve been lucky enough to work closely with him as our CFO for all that time. I’ve known him since 1986 when he became the CFO at CBS. All of us at Lowes, along with our shareholders, have benefitted from his financial expertise, his wisdom, his unflappable demeanor, and his extensive understanding of our businesses. Luckily, we won’t have to give up any of that since Pete has agreed to stay on as a senior advisor. That being said however, next quarter you listeners will transition from the reassuring base vocals of Pete Keegan to the mellifluous tons of David Edelson who we are delighted to remind you, will take over as CFO in May. Don’t say we didn’t warn you. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mary.
James S. Tisch: It’s a cost of doing business. The project, if it were built and I do believe that there will be what we call a wide range pipeline built from the Marcellus down to Louisiana or Texas, if it’s built the payoff would have been enormous and the cost to be incurred were simply the entrance fee in order to be able to put together a serious enough proposal to customers that it’s taken seriously. This proposal was taken very seriously but my guess is that it was a year or two before its time.
James S. Tisch: Yes, it does free up some of the cash that we have. There would have been a significant amount of cash that would have been needed for the Bluegrass project and now that is looking much less likely.
James S. Tisch: First of all, the subsidiary always goes first so if Loews wanted to buy stock and if the board of Diamond decided it wanted to buy stock, Diamond would go first. This was a decision that was reached by the board of directors of Diamond because they felt that the price of the stock did not reflect the value of Diamond Offshore and thought that that was a good use for the cash of Diamond Offshore. Having said that, the dividend, both regular and special dividends, are a top priority for Diamond and the board felt that making these purchases would not interfere with the ability to pay dividends or the ability in the future to possibly buy rig assets in the market.
James S. Tisch: We do not comment on why we buy assets or don’t buy them. There are lots of reasons for us not buying an asset other than we don’t think the price is appropriate. We just as a rule don’t try to justify the lack of action.
James S. Tisch: I feel very comfortable with the amount of cash we have. We’ve had more cash. In the future we still stand ready to help Boardwalk should they need help on financing some of their capital projects. But as I said in my comments, Boardwalk now has substantially more internally generated capital that will allow it to finance these projects on its own. The thing that I am not surprised about is that Boardwalk is now seeing lots of opportunities for growth projects along its system as we see the flow of gas that previously had gone south to north now starting to move north to south and so I feel good about the investment prospects for Boardwalk.
James S. Tisch: Our system is actually increasing pretty significantly. We added hotels in Boston, in Washington, we have the new Cabana Bay Beach Resort in Orlando, we have a new hotel that’s going to have the Loews name in a few months in Minneapolis, so while the system is expanding our overhead expenses are not so yes, that should help us very much with our efficiency.
James S. Tisch: I’m just not going to answer that question. I’ll just say that we have high hopes and expectations for the earnings of our hotel company.
James S. Tisch: It’s two things: number one, gas prices to rise would be very nice; and number two, HighMount continues to science experiment as it looks to see how it can produce oil economically in its [inaudible] properties.
