Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation’s fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview, may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Company’s statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Company’s filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter and the year. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Laurie, we’d like to turn the call over to you to open up the call for additional questions.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie. As always, thank you, everyone for your continued interest. A replay of this call will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes Loews call for today.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had a disappointing fourth quarter, results negatively affected by higher than expected catastrophe losses at CNA and severe declines in the stock market at the end of 2018, impacting both Loews’ and CNA’s investment portfolios. Specifically with regard to CNA, let’s put these equity related losses in context. While the stock market declined 14% in the fourth quarter, CNA’s limited partnership and common equity portfolios were down 5.7% or about a $138 million, counterbalancing CNA’s fourth quarter investment performance, underlying operations for the full year were strong. In 2018, net written premiums grew by 4% and rate increased by 2.6%. CNA’s underlying combined ratio improved for the second straight year and while CNA’s loss ratio ticked up slightly in 2018, it’s essentially on par with its top quartile peers. Additionally, CNA has reduced its expense ratio by 2 points over the past two years, while still making necessary investments in technology, analytics and talents. Earlier today, in light of the full year 2018 results and its strong balance sheet and the CNA Board’s positive outlooks, CNA declared a $0.35 quarterly dividend as well as a $2 special dividend. These dividend payments will result in Loews receiving $570 million in dividends from CNA in March of this year. Over the last five years, including the upcoming March dividend payment, Loews will have received almost $4 billion in dividends from CNA. Moving on to Loews Hotels, I’m happy to report that the company had a stellar year. In 2018, Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA grew by 15% and has nearly doubled since 2014. This tremendous progress is due to operational improvements and the Company’s ongoing commitment to grow in two focus areas. First, Loews Hotels is concentrating on highly profitable distinguished hotels that cater to group business. These hotels are better able to withstand disruptors such as the sharing economy. These hotels typically have between 300 and 800 rooms along with significant meeting space, properties such as our hotels in Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as the soon to be opened Loews Kansas City hotel. The other area of focus for Loews Hotels continues to be developing hotel properties that have unique built-in demand generators. More than 20 years ago, Loews Hotels CEO, John Tisch set this strategy in motion with the Company’s initial 50-50 partnership with NBCUniversal in developing hotels on their Orlando theme park campus, a partnership that has resulted in a highly profitable long-term joint venture for Loews Hotels and Universal. Starting with the Loews Portofino Bay Hotel in 1999 with 750 rooms, the partnership now has six properties on the Orlando campus with 6,200 rooms. There are another 2,800 rooms under construction, the first 750 of which are set to open in June of this year. These hotels in Orlando dramatically outperformed their competitive set in average daily rate occupancy rate and therefore RevPAR. We hope to continue our success in managing themed concepts and one-of-a-kind destinations with our Live! By Loews Hotels. The Live! By Loews Hotel in Arlington, Texas being developed in partnership with The Cordish Companies and the Texas Rangers is set to open this summer at the base of Globe Life Park and next to AT&T Stadium. In early 2020, the Live! By Loews in St. Louis will open. We are partnering with The Cordish Companies on this hotel as well along with the St. Louis Cardinals. The property will be located next to Busch Stadium. Before turning the call over to David, I want to discuss share repurchases, which I believe have been and will continue to be a significant means of creating value for Loews shareholders. In 2018, we repurchased a little over 20 million shares of Loews common stock for just over $1 billion, which was equivalent of about 6% of our outstanding shares. We don’t have an automatic share repurchase program, because we’re sensitive to the price at which we buy back our shares. We repurchased Loews stock only when it’s trading below our view of its true, intrinsic value. We believe this capital allocation tools is one of the best ways to create value for all Loews shareholders over the intermediate to long-term. And on that note, David over to you.
Jim Tisch: Sure, Mary. First of all, earnings were very ugly, but it was driven by two main factors, one was catastrophe losses and in that department, our catastrophe losses for the quarter were $146 million versus $38 million in the prior year. I should add that the $146 million of catastrophe losses that we had in the quarter was in no way disproportionate to the size of CNA. On a combined ratio basis, that was 8.6 points versus 2.3 points in the prior year for the quarter. Aside from catastrophe losses, the other thing that hurt CNA’s earnings significantly was the investment results, and specifically the results from our LP portfolio and common stocks, which was a $138 million loss in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of the prior year, which was a $50 million gain. And in my opinion, those two temporary factors are overshadowing a lot of the good things that are going on at CNA. Net written premiums for the year last year were up 4%, gross written premiums were up 7% and the difference between the 7% and the 4% is the additional reinsurance that CNA is purchasing. The underlying combined ratio was 95.4% about the same as last year. CNA paid a dividend – announced the dividend – announced the quarterly – regular quarterly dividend as well as the $2 special dividend, in my opinion, reflecting the Board’s confidence in the results of CNA and the way that the company is operating and proceeding. CNA continues to achieve significant rate increases across a number of lines. So from my perspective, things at CNA, notwithstanding the relatively ugly quarter, are really going pretty well.
Jim Tisch: Sure. What we’ve seen is that there is a generational shift in spending, where the millennial generation is moving more toward experiences rather than things. We see this play out especially in Orlando, with our joint venture with Universal theme parks. We have six hotels there and we’re building a seventh hotel now that has 2,800 rooms. On the Comcast earnings call, Brian Roberts reported something that we already knew that the occupancy ratio of our Orlando hotels is over 90%. And as I mentioned in my remarks, as a result of the occupancy ratio and the higher than market average daily rate, we’re able to achieve extraordinary RevPAR numbers in that market. So what we’ve done is we’ve taken the learnings that we have from Orlando and we’ve applied it to the rest of our business. First, we are striving to be close to demand generators, whether it’s a sports arena, a stadium or a convention center. Secondly, we are working hard to leverage our unique position in the hotel business. We own our own hotels, we’re not a manager of hotels. And therefore, we are willing to put up money to develop hotel properties and as a result, we find that partners are very willing to work with us. And those partners are financial partners as well as municipal partners. And as a result, we’re able – we find to procure for ourselves very attractive development opportunities, which we’re now moving forward with in St. Louis, in Arlington and Kansas City. When investing holding company cash, we’re very, very cognizant of the need to earn good rates of return, and we believe that the hotels that we’re investing in are doing just that. We have a team that’s continuing to look for additional opportunities, and I suspect that in the coming years, we’ll see opportunities that is attractive to us as what we’re doing in these three new markets that we’re developing right now.
Jim Tisch: So, one of the nice things about having been in the business for over 40 years is that you’ve seen a lot of things. And I like to think that with respect to offshore drilling, I’ve seen this movie before in the supertanker business. In the supertanker business, there was a glut of supertankers in the early ’80s. Through scrapping, deterioration of the rigs and a slight increase in demand, we saw a whipsaw recovery in the mid to late 1980s. And I see for offshore drilling a similar thing that’s happening now. First of all, all the offshore drilling companies are managing to one thing and one thing only at this point in time. And that is to cash. Cash is the thing that they’re not earning that they desperately need in order to stay in business. So for the rigs that are not operating, it’s a big lift for them to spend cash on maintaining those rigs with no business opportunities in sight. And what happens, I’ve seen very clearly from the tanker industry and also from offshore drilling is that when ships, rigs, drillships are left on the water and they are not operating, then they can deteriorate very rapidly. Combined with that right now, oil prices are relatively low at about $52 a barrel for WTI, and about $61 a barrel for Brent oil. My belief is that with an increase in oil prices, which I see happening, I think we could see over the coming years, a pretty significant increase in demand and that demand increase will first go to rigs that are already operating and then, later on to rigs that are stacked. Our estimation is that the cost to recommission a rig, that’s been stacked for a number of years can easily be in excess of $100 million per rig and that cash today just doesn’t exist in the industry to recommission more than a few rigs. So I think that the recommissioning of rigs will be slow, especially in view of the fact that our customers tend to like to use rigs that have already been working, rather than rigs that are being recommissioned. So I think it’s going to be a long time for rigs to come back to meet the demand that I foresee going forward. In terms of Diamond. Diamond has a relatively long runway within the industry. Diamond had at the end of the quarter about $450 million in cash and it has an additional borrowing capacity of about $1 billion. So it’s got close to $1.5 billion of liquidity that really is the runway for Diamond, which is substantially in excess of a lot of our other competitors. In terms of consolidation, we’ve looked for opportunities, but what I would say is the – we have not been able to find any transactions that would be accretive to value for all Diamond shareholders. So we continue to look for opportunities. I would say that the spread between bid and ask for drilling assets is very wide, and the only transactions that really seem to get done these days are transactions where somebody gives their shares in return for buying other shares. But we continue to scour the earth to have discussions, but to date, there’s not much to report.
Jim Tisch: Sure. So first, let me address the issue of results. At Loews, in the first five weeks, five or six weeks of this year, we have earned back all that we lost in the fourth quarter of last year. So we reported a loss of about $70 million in our portfolio in the fourth quarter of last year, and the portfolio was up by more than that at Loews. At CNA, they’ve recovered over 60% of their losses. But let me take a minute and talk about the different types of things that people can be invested in. You can invest in stocks, you can invest in hedge funds, you can invest in private equity. And one of the things that’s – that’s struck me in this past – in the past few months is that in the fourth quarter, the S&P 500 was down 14%, our hedge funds were down about 6%, and generally, across the board private equity firms have reported no loss at all. And I actually find that quite incredulous. It’s what I would call a self-graded exam. There was a temporary drop in the market and the private equity firms didn’t report a loss. It’s inconceivable to me that stocks could be down 14% and that there is no loss in private equity. So CNA is in some ways bearing the pain of being mark-to-market, whereas in private equity, there is more of what I would call a mark to moving average, but it’s just something that we have to deal with. In terms of the strategy, CNA’s had a very good run with hedge funds as has Loews. We’re starting to de-emphasize them because we think that, number one, there’s an awful lot of capital that’s invested in them. We think the returns has been competed down. Additionally, in today’s – over the past 10 years, you were able to earn zero on your cash balances. Today you can easily earn 2.5% to 3%. So simply investing in cash is not such a terrible alternative to hedge funds. We’re looking at risk assets that go beyond hedge funds and private equity. We’re looking at certain debt instruments. We’re looking at certain, what I would call, nontraditional private equity investments. We’re just trying to figure out over the coming year what will be the best vehicles for risk assets for both CNA and for Loews.
Jim Tisch: There’s a – they made, I think three acquisition last year, and each one relatively small. And there are a number of other opportunities that’s in their pipeline and they’re continuing to kick tires. What we found is that our thesis is proving out that we’re able to acquire smaller manufacturers of containers at say, 8 or 9 times EBITDA, and as a result, own it, because of our economies of scale at 6 and 7 times EBITDA. So we’re very pleased with the acquisition market, and we’re also pleased with our overall investment in CCC.
Jim Tisch: To date, they have been, and based on the set of opportunities that we’re looking at, we continue to believe that they will be self-funding.
