Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Loews had a strong quarter and a good year, with each of our subsidiaries contributing to our overall success. Our CFO, David Edelson, will go into the details about our results later in the call, as well as discussing the implications of the recently-passed tax cuts for Loews and our subsidiaries. Before he does however, I'd like to talk about CNA and share repurchases. CNA has steadily improved over the past 15 years under a series of strong leadership teams. The company has taken steps to focus on its core competencies in commercial property casualty insurance by transforming itself from a not-so-focused multi-line insurance company into a highly-focused commercial property casualty company. This transformation obviously didn't happen overnight, and in fact, it required enormous effort and discipline by the management teams at both CNA and Loews. Specifically, from 1999 to 2010, CNA disposed of a number of its businesses including reinsurance, personal automobile insurance, life insurance, and group health. Additionally, the company reinsured its asbestos and pollution liabilities to reduce balance sheet risk. Since joining the company in November of 2016 as CEO, Dino Robusto has turbocharged CNA's evolution. On his leadership the CNA team has been pulling a number of levers to improve underwriting performance. They have enhanced risk selection, retooled their claims department, and continue to upgrade their underwriting talent. CNA has provided a stable market for agents and brokers, a factor in the company's ability to strengthen its relationships with distributors in a time of industry change. And the company has focused intently on reducing its expense ratio while also investing in the business. Dino and the team at CNA believe that there is even more room for improvement in each of these areas, and we agree. Also, CNA continues to actively manage its long-term care book of business, mitigating risk by diligently managing claims, and obtaining rate increases from state regulators when necessary. Additionally, CNA is exploring new strategies to lessen the effects of rate increases on policy holders. On the talent front, CNA added significantly to its bench in 2017 across many areas, including underwriting, technology, operations, and claims. All of these new senior executives are highly successful industry veterans with outstanding track records and expertise. Earlier today, in light of CNA's 2017 results, its fortress balance sheet, and the CNA board's outlook, CNA announced a $0.30 quarterly dividend as well as a $2.00 special dividend. In March of this year, Loews will receive $558 million in dividends from CNA. And over the last four years, including the upcoming March dividend payment, Loews will have received $3.2 billion in dividends from CNA. As we look back over the last decade CNA's success comes as no surprise to Loews. Although we understood that it would take time and lots of hard work to turn CNA around, we had a vision for what the company could be and held steadfast to that vision. Also, and very importantly, we were able to recruit the right CEO for each stage of CNA's evolution. To sum up, we believe that the company is poised to continue to profitably and responsibly grow its business. And that moving forward, CNA can and will deliver even stronger operating results. Moving on from CNA, I want to give a quick update on share repurchases. In the fourth quarter of 2017 we repurchased 4.6 million Loews shares at a cost of about $230 million. This trend continued into the first quarter of 2018 when we purchased another 4.3 million shares through February 9th, with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight we could have bought in more shares over the last two years. However, since the third quarter, we've bought back almost nine million shares representing almost 3% of the company. We began repurchasing our stock because of the wide discount between the stock price and our assessment of the intrinsic sum-of-the-parts valuations. Additionally, we believe that CNA will continue to grow and prosper, and that the outlook for our four other businesses is improving. Looking beyond the past year or two, in the past decade we have acquired almost 40% of our outstanding shares, continuing our nearly half-century practice of substantial share repurchases. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before I turn the call back to Mary, I want to reflect on the fact that one of the most important responsibilities that we have at Loews is the selection of CEOs for our underlying business, and I cannot think of a time in Loews' history when we have had a more talented and effective group of such individuals. As already mentioned, Dino Robusto's super-charged performance at CAN; needless to say, we are thrilled with his leadership and the direction in which he is taking the company. All of our CEOs are equally outstanding. Marc Edwards at Diamond continues to expertly steer the company through a protracted downturn in the offshore drilling industry maintaining Diamond's financial stability while differentiating the company from its competition. Stan Horton at Boardwalk is one of the best CEOs in the midstream market. With his strategic vision and deep industry knowledge, Boardwalk is working to mitigate its re-contracting risks while adding profitable organic growth projects. Sean Fallmann, the CEO of our newest subsidiary CCC, has demonstrated his forward-looking approach and extensive expertise in the packaging industry, and we have great expectations for his leadership of the company. And finally, we have the highest level of confidence in Jon Tisch, the CEO of Loews Hotels. Under Jon, Loews Hotels has embarked upon a new strategic direction by focusing on what we do best, group travel and immersive destinations. While Loews is the holding company, we don't have a lot of bureaucracy. We put the right people in leadership positions at our subsidiaries and let them do their jobs. Where we have engaged with our subsidiaries are the areas where we think we can add value, such as major capital allocation decisions, accessing the capital markets, and the ratification of our subsidiaries' mid to long-term strategies. This approach has served Loews shareholders very well over the past 50 years, and we expect it to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. And now, back to Mary.
Jim Tisch: So, first things first, I don't want to comment on the stock price of General Electric. There are lots of people that are doing it, and I don't think that it's my place as a director to be doing that. With respect to Loews, in fact I mentioned specifically in my remarks that we look at the intrinsic sum of the parts value. And what that means is that we look at what we think are the values of each of our subsidiaries. We take a lot into account in doing that. We look at what the market price of the subsidiaries are, we look at what the prospects are, we try to assess whether we think the market is right or wrong in its assessment of the value of the companies. We look at the value of our nonpublic subsidiaries, hotels, and CCC, and the Boardwalk general partner. And we put all that into our thinking and calculations, and come out with a value that we think the whole company is worth. And when it gets to the right level of -- when the company gets the right level of discount then we feel comfortable buying the shares. And, starting in the fourth quarter, we felt comfortable doing that.
Jim Tisch: No, I'm not -- do not mistake our repurchase of Loews shares for giving any guidance as to our view of the level of the stock market. I'm not making any statement about that. We just felt comfortable repurchasing our own shares at these levels.
Jim Tisch: So, in fact we are seeing just the beginning of some green shoots in the offshore drilling garden. We're seeing it specifically for more [ph] rigs. We're seeing it in Asia, in Australia, and also in the North Sea. And what I think is happening is that there was extensive scrapping of rigs in that space, and then just a little bit of increase in demand. The demand is there I think because the projects that we're doing where we're seeing work are development projects where there can be a quick payback to the capital investment in the project. My strong guess is that in the coming year we're also going to start to see a pickup in enquiry for drill ships which generally tend to do work that takes longer to generate cash returns for the oil companies. But there's no doubt that they have seriously underinvested in productive oil capacity. And I think the move up in oil prices reflects that underinvestment in productive capacity. And my general guess is that oil will continue to move up, tempting oil companies to start to spend more on their exploration and production.
Jim Tisch: So, CCC is doing very well. They have their own development people that go out and look for deals. There are two that are in the process of being done now. CCC will be able to finance those transactions with its own balance sheet and using the loan that was used to purchase CCC. So we do not anticipate that the current transactions under consideration will rely on the Loews treasury for financing.
Jim Tisch: No, it's possible that there could be acquisitions that would require some equity funding from Loews, but we're very comfortable doing that. We have a lot of confidence in the management, in the company, and the industry.
Jim Tisch: I don't know. We've got to see what's available in the marketplace; we got to see how their own organic growth is going. There are just an awful lot of factors. But what I do know is that we're pleased with where CCC is, its position in the industry, the maturity of its management, and the opportunity set that they're seeing. But just because there's an opportunity set doesn't necessarily mean that transactions will get completed, but they're working hard to do that.
Jim Tisch: We have -- all right, let's talk about what we have in the Loews portfolio. We have $250 million of equities; we have another billion dollars or so of hedge funds. My guess is it's very difficult for you as an investor to be able to track those, but what I can tell you is that their performance is doing reasonably well. Our equities this past year I think exceeded the S&P 500 better than a lot of mutual funds I know. And we are very, very comfortable and pleased with our asset managers.
Jim Tisch: Josh, we're a $15 billion company. We have a portfolio of over $50 billion. You're asking us to provide more disclosure on a $250 million equity portfolio. That sounds crazy to me.
Jim Tisch: Robert, let me add a little to provide a little bit depth to that. In my comments, I said that we are focusing on what we do best at Loews Hotels, group travel and immersive destinations. Kansas City is all about group travel. We are going to have an 800 room hotel atop - or alongside the Kansas City Convention Center. We will be the newest hotel in Kansas City in decades. Newest Convention Hotel and we expect that hotel to do very well as a major regional convention center hotel. We think that the demand is built in by the location and the newness of the hotel. In Arlington, St. Louis and Orlando, that's all about immersive destination that there are -- those are venues where we believe people will naturally gravitate, want to go to. And for all of those, we see the hotels that we are building as hotels that can cater to the people that coming to these locations. The strategy has been proven to us many times over in Orlando and also in Miami Beach where we are able to achieve especially in Orlando occupancy rates and room rates that is substantially above what is available to others in the market. And we think there is a good opportunity for that to occur in the other immersive destinations in which we are building. The problem is that you can't build a hotel overnight. It takes some time. And so, these hotels won't be coming online in '18. Some of them will just be starting up in 2019. So, it will take some time to show up in the numbers.
David Edelson: And, Josh, I would just remind that we -- when I think in our second quarter call, when we first talked about CCC, we mentioned that we did not expect to receive dividends from CCC initially because we expected them to use their cash flow to either pay down debt or do these sorts of bolt-on acquisitions.
David Edelson: But if they can use their free cash flow to invest at attractive returns on invested capital then we're happy to have them do that.
David Edelson: Yes, but remember, on average, let's say 60% to 65% -- we're not at 57%. But 60% to 65% of it has been cash and equivalents. So you know the return we're getting on that.
David Edelson: So when you look at the investment income generated by the parent company you can, if you wanted to, you could assume what we're earning on our cash, and then you could intuit what the yield or what the earnings are on the remainder.
David Edelson: Okay. Yes, I mean, you saw the quarter, you saw the year. I think we've talked in the past, and you can see in the company in the material that we've put out today that we have a number of hotels in the offing in Kansas City, Arlington, Texas, St. Louis, in Orlando itself, again adding to the Universal Orlando joint venture. We only have one new hotel opening in 2018. That's a hotel at Universal Orlando. So the benefits of some of the exciting developments underway won't be shown really in our financial statements for another few years. You will see the opening dates on those properties and of course their pre-opening and those sorts of things associated with them as well. So, yes, we are building momentum, but always tempered by the fact that some of these growth projects are a couple of years out.
David Edelson: Well, we are consolidated with all but Diamond. And so, I think we do benefit from the lowering of the corporate tax rate. But, CNA is a big piece of that. And I think you understand what its tax position is and that sort of then gets consolidated into hours.
David Edelson: It's also impacted by state and local taxes in the jurisdictions where it operates. So, it's not just a pure federal rate.
