Jim Tisch: So, we have always believed that having a public marker for CNA is beneficial for Loews, especially for our shareholders. And I dare say that if CNA wasn’t public, there would be clamoring for us to take it public. However, it’s really rare for CNA to be trading as drastically undervalued as it is now. The public – my sense is that the public market today doesn’t make much sense and is certainly not an accurate reflection of the value of CNA. Also, all P&C companies, as I said in my remarks, are undervalued. Of course, there are lots of good reasons for keeping CNA as a public company and those outweigh what I consider to be the short-term problem of the undervaluation. Number one, it’s important to regulators and credit rating agencies. It’s important for attracting talent to be able to give them long-term incentive that is based on the stock and it’s also important just for transparency. And as for the added expense of keeping CNA public in the context of the size of Loews and of CNA there really aren’t any significant expenses that could be saved.
Jim Tisch: No, we are not. We are not actively looking at any deals right now in these uncertain times. As I said in my remarks, our focus is on conserving cash. Both CNA and Loews are so cheap that when we think the time is right, we will continue to buy in Loews shares. But as I say all the time, we like to keep an open mind. And if the relative values of Loews and the deal markets change, then it is very possible that we could switch from repurchasing our own shares to hunting for new businesses to buy.
Jim Tisch: Washout, it certainly is. First, let me start by saying something that was told to me when I was in college, it’s an old expression. He who lives by the crystal ball must learn to eat ground glass. And with that as a caveat, let me add that I think 2020 will be the bottom of the hotel industry in terms of the effects of the pandemic and I believe that 2021 will be dramatically better than 2020 and if I am going to forecast longer than that, I think that ‘22 will even be better than ‘21. Currently, we are seeing more of a pickup in driving leisure type travel at our resorts destinations. The business travel and hotels and city centers are lagging the resorts at this point in time. My guess is that this will persist for some time as companies weigh employee safety and security as well as reassess their travel budgets. But I believe that in the fullness of time, those – that travel and those budgets will be come back at similar levels to where they were before this all began. Keep in mind that we are seeing a pickup in occupancy from a few months ago, but occupancy is still very, very low measured at 10%, 20%, 30% or 40% most of the time. We opened the hotels, because we found that we lose less cash by keeping the hotel hotels open rather than keeping them closed, but we are still losing money in those hotels.
Jim Tisch: So, that’s a very good question. We keep – as you all know, we keep our level of cash and investments above our debt levels, because it’s important for the company to maintain its bond ratings and the rating agencies like to see us have more cash and investments than debt. The Loews rating provides an uplift to some of our subsidiary ratings giving them among other things, access to cheaper debt. So under exceptional circumstances, we would certainly consider allowing our cash and our investment balances to go below our debt levels, but buying in Loews’ shares at an exceptional price isn’t yet included in my definition of an exceptional circumstance. Currently, given the ongoing uncertainty in the world, we think it makes a lot of sense to be cautious and maintain ample liquidity. But as Loews shares continue to be remarkably undervalued, my calculus on this is very possible to change.
Jim Tisch: Well, you are right, I did cover it in my opening remarks and for people that are just reading a transcript, I’d recommend that you go back – sorry, just reading the Q&A of the transcript, I recommend that you go back and read those remarks. But I will just go over this briefly. Over the – our purchase say 2 years ago of the outstanding common units of Boardwalk, not placed an equity valuation of about $3 billion on Boardwalk. And as I said previously, nothing has occurred in the performance of the company that would lead us to reconsider that purchase at all. Prior to the COVID pandemic devaluation of our hotel business was measured in the billions of dollars and I still feel comfortable that in the recovery from the pandemic, which I see coming, certainly in the next year or so, we will see that valuation again. And finally, our equity check for Altium was $600 million, as we said in my remarks. And due to the good results and the good investments at Altium, I believe the valuation should be higher now. So, when you add all that up, in my mind, the market valuation of $500 million for all of our non-publicly traded subsidiaries is to me ludicrous when they are clearly worth dramatically more than that.
