James Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call for the questions, I wanted to add that over the last few years the industries in which our subsidiaries operate have certainly witnessed tremendous changes. We all know that change brings both risk and importantly opportunity. Our experience with HighMount unquestionably has been disappointing, we believe that each of our other subsidiaries, CAN, Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore and Loews Hotels have real opportunities ahead that should in the long-term benefit all Loews shareholders.  Now I’d like to turn the call back over to Mary. 
James Tisch: Mike, I don’t want to comment that at what price we might be selling HighMount. But yes, we would expect that the sale to generate additional tax benefits that we should be able to utilize in the future. Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: And also again what’s your plan on -- assuming you sell with the cash proceeds in the near-term
James Tisch: We have no plans. We currently have $4.9 billion. For the past several quarters we’ve had roughly $5 billion and as I am fond of saying over a long period of time we don't let cash burn a hole in our pockets.
James Tisch: To quote myself, I think from sometime before, the yield is too darn low. The yield on 10-year note right now is about 2.5%, inflation is about 2% based on the CPI and in a normal world you would expect to see a 10-year note probably 150 to 250 basis points higher than the current yield. But CNA is in the business of managing a fixed income portfolio. We can’t have all our assets and starks. And we just have to grin and bear it at CNA with respect to the relatively low yields the we’re able to obtain. For our non-matched portfolio we’re trying to keep that portfolio as short as we can and the benefit of the rolldown in the yield curves as the securities and we owned securities. With respect to our match portfolio, we were fortunate enough a year ago at this time to be buying a lot of municipal bonds which have worked to be very attractive investments for us. We were able to lots of securities with four, five and thin-film 6% coupons and those have gone up dramatically in pricing, have been used –we pre-bought those securities because it was such a good margin and have been using that to fund some of our match liabilities. 
James Tisch: Not really. CNA has the ability and intent to hold securities surprise recovery. So we just don't worry about it. 
