Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Kristen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's quarterly conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks, uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. However, before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off our call. Jim, over to you.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Wonderful. Thanks, David. Kristen, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Thanks, Kristen. Always thanks to all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website at loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes our call. Thank you.
James S. Tisch: So, what I would direct you to do is take a look at our proxy statement, which has a very long and detailed explanation not only of our incentive compensation system, but also of our incentive compensation philosophy. And I think that that's really important. I look at that section often every year to make sure it reflects management's view of how our compensation system works here, and I think that what we have put together while unconventional, really suits us just fine.
James S. Tisch: Let me describe briefly what it is. We have a very collegial group of senior executives here. We are managing here for the intermediate to the long term. We are not managing for an individual year. As I constantly say, our goal is to increase long-term value. And so, the thing that we do not want to do is encourage actions that might lead to spiking earnings in one year or the next, or doing things that might not lead to long-term value, but instead might just lead to a short-term pop. So we've constructed a compensation system that focuses on generally consistent earnings for senior executives, that compensates them fairly for what they do and generally results in compensation that does not have spikes because of one action or another. By doing that, we have a very collegial group here at the Loews senior management team, because everybody knows that this is a team effort to build value. And additionally, because I think in part of the way our compensation system works, there is absolutely no desire on anybody's part to spike earnings in one year or the next. And so, it's a system that is different than many other systems. We do give, to senior executives and other Loews' employees, restricted stock units that hopefully will reflect – hopefully and ultimately will reflect the value that has been created and provide some incentive, not that it's needed, but provide some incentive to the senior executives to focus on long-term value at Loews.
James S. Tisch: The investments in Loews Hotels is entirely manageable. Loews Corporation will be providing some of the planned investments, but it's not going to be significant draw on the Loews treasury.
James S. Tisch: So in order to determine the value, I think what you have to do is look at it on a case-by-case basis, right. If you want to do a sum of the parts for Loews Hotels, you've got – for some hotels, it's fine to look at EBITDA; for a lot of them it is, but you have to understand the marketplace in which they're operating. There are other hotels that for one reason or another might not be earning in one year or multiple years significant EBITDA, but that can nonetheless be worth a lot of money. So, it's really a difficult job for someone to value all the hotels. It takes a lot of time, attention and focus. Oftentimes, it means going and visiting properties and just understanding what the potential value might be. It's something that really needs to be done by someone who is well immersed in the hotel business, who understands relative values and they should be able to come up with a pretty accurate number of what each of the individual hotels might be worth.
James S. Tisch: First of all, some self-promotion. It's more than half way there. In fact, Brent is already over $60. So as I like to say, I'm going to declare victory and retreat. In terms of what has to happen now for there to be increased investment, I think it's going to happen. And as opposed to the CEO of Diamond Offshore, I think it's going to happen in fact more rapidly than Mark Edwards does. We allow different executives here to have different views. I think what's going to happen – what's happened is that there has been an enormous, enormous underinvestment in productive capacity worldwide. It's breathtaking how big that underinvestment has been. And it is my belief, based on study and research that shale oil produced in the United States, we'll not be able to fully supply worldwide oil demand over the next 5 to 10 years that there is a limit to the shale productive capacity in the United States. I know that that statement may be going against history and the trend so far, but I think that what you will see is that there is a limit to how much shale oil can be produced here. Yes, it can increase by 1 million barrels this year and 1 million barrels next year, and maybe even 1 million barrels for one or two years after that. But at some point in time, shale production will level off in the United States. And then what the world will need is more productive capacity. Typically, that productive capacity can take three to five years to come online. And already for the past 2 1/2 or 3 years, the world has been seriously under investing in that productive capacity. So, my overall view is that oil companies need – major oil companies will be forced by the market to invest in productive capacity. To date, they've had to decide between dividends and capital investing and they've come down squarely on the side of dividends. But it is my guess that with Brent trading over $60 and with WTI at $53 or $54 a barrel, this is going to start to accumulate the cash flow that will enable them to crank up some of their offshore exploration and development projects. So, while I don't expect a flood of waters this quarter into Diamond Offshore, my guess is that over the coming year or two, the offshore drilling industry will see a significant increase in inquiries for offshore drilling services.
James S. Tisch: Yes. Yes, yes. Yes, I think we've seen – this is not hard to say, I think we've seen the low in oil prices that – look, that was $27 a barrel, but...
James S. Tisch: Yeah. But most important, I think that I'm starting to hear a bell ringing that investment in productive capacity beyond shale oil is going to start to increase.
