James S. Tisch: Thanks, Pete. Before we open up the call to questions, I'd just like to close with some observation. Economic conditions in the U.S. for 2012 remained challenging with the pace of recovery is sluggish and intermittent. We expect more of the same for 2013. Our consolidated results were impacted by a few, large, unusual items such as the impact of Superstorm Sandy on CNA and the impact of continued low natural gas prices at HighMount. Absent these items, we are pleased with the progress that all 5 of our subsidiaries are making toward meeting our strategic objectives. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mary.
James S. Tisch: I think it was just generally stocks that were -- had a -- equities that we held at the Loews portfolio were down for the quarter.
James S. Tisch: We do not have too much in the bond market. We are generally bearish on bonds, and we think that equities could do reasonably well. We also have a number of gold stocks that did not perform well in the quarter.
James S. Tisch: They're -- we've drilled 30 wells there, and we've had -- when you average out all the wells that we drilled, our performance is similar to the performance of wells drilled by people in our area. What we're doing is we want to drill another set of wells so that we can begin to really delineate the area and understand what we have. Right now, our belief is that this area is commercial, and we just have to wait and see how the other wells come out to prove up whether that thought is accurate.
James S. Tisch: So we are looking to grow Loews Hotels. We are looking to do it in what I would call an asset-like manner in that we would like to own 25% to 50% of the properties that we acquire with investors owning the other 50% to 75%. We'd like to build the hotel chain into one where hotel owners would want us to manage the hotel without actually owning it. In terms of earnings and EBITDA, we'd be looking for that to grow. And we're looking to take the hotel company from an enterprise that's been rather stable over the past decade or so to one that's got growth in its future.
James S. Tisch: It's really a benefit to us because we can invest the equity capital that's needed to build hotels, and then once they've been built, we can sell off a significant portion of it to investors. We can react to any situation that presents itself so that we can economically grow our business. So at Loews Corp., we are willing to consider using the cash that we have to help grow our hotel business. And what we do for each project is we make sure that the economics to those transactions look promising. And if they do, we're happy to invest in them.
James S. Tisch: Okay, let me try to explain. Natural gas at Henry Hub trades for the equivalent of about $20 per barrel of oil. So it's trading at less than 25% on a BTU basis of WTI, and it's trading at less than 20% of oil value for Brent, which is another major index for oil. You talked about liquefying. Generally, the only time -- there are only 2 times when you would liquefy natural gas. To liquefy natural gas, you have to cool it down to minus 250 degrees or so, and you do that in order to ship natural gas to export markets. There is currently a debate going on in Washington and within the energy community about whether or not the United States should allow natural gas to be exported. And that debate will play out, I believe, over the coming year. Currently, I think one license has been granted and others are pending. That could increase the demand for natural gas by a few billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. Those contracts generally will not kick in until 3 or 4 years from now because there are developers that have to put in the substantial capital necessary in order to build the export facility. The other place where liquefied natural gas, or LNG, may be used is for over-the-road trucks and locomotives on railroads. That is something that is currently being tested and experimented with, and it's my guess that similar to the export of LNG, that's something that will start to be more prevalent in the marketplace in the next 2 to 3 years. My guess is that at first, the LNG as a motor fuel will not make a significant difference in daily production of natural gas. But over time, say, over the next 5 to 10 years, it could actually be a very significant factor for demand. We'll only know that in the next 5 to 10 years when we see what the price of natural gas is compared to the price for oil. So we've got to stay tuned for that.
James S. Tisch: Well, the valuation in natural gas is determined by 2 things: number one, demand; and number two is supply. Demand has been actually growing very rapidly, and my guess is it will continue to grow. And natural gas has been taking market share away from oil. But the issue is that the supply of natural gas has grown rapidly as well. My guess, and I stated this before, is that the equilibrium price for natural gas is about somewhere between $4 and $4.50 per Mcf, which is the equivalent of $25 to $30 per barrel of oil. So it still is, as I like to call it, BTUs on the cheap. And the thing that's happened is that we have gone from an era, a long era, where natural gas was seen as a commodity that's in short supply or very scarce to one that's in abundant supply. So I think as more and more people understand that and factor it into their capital spending, you will continue to see a natural gas consumption increase without natural gas prices running away because, as I said, there is so much supply that's available at that price range of $4 to $4.50 per Mcf.
James S. Tisch: So the only place generally where there's been this direct head-to-head competition of natural gas and oil is in transportation fuels. But when you look at the energy mix of the U.S. economy, you see that oil has come down and natural gas has gone up. The price where natural gas is taking very significant market share over the past several years has been in power production. And there, natural gas has taken market share from coal. The other thing that's happened is that oil consumption has declined -- steadily declined in the United States since about '07. And the reason for that is either improved miles per gallon on cars or flat -- or miles driven not increasing so dramatically. But it hasn't really been so much gas on oil competition.
James S. Tisch: I'd say it's 2 things. Number one, we do see opportunities. There are not many hotels that are being built now even though the hotel business is reasonably good. So that's an environment where we like to be developing hotels, combined with the fact that we have a management team now that is very adept at acquiring hotels. They understand very well how to finance hotels not only with debt but also with equity investors. And so we're making use of their expertise.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Let's see. I'd like to go after hotels with my first question. I think I know how to go about trying to value most of your other subsidiaries, but this segment, which is smaller, is a bit more challenging for me. And once every couple years, maybe at an Investor Day or at a call, you give us a little bit of help with thinking about valuing the operations. But as this business is getting more emphasis with growth dynamics, maybe you can give us a little help with either what the EBITDA is or how we should think about what the value is with this operation.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: If you don't have EBITDA numbers today, won't you give us your rough guesstimates of how it's running if you're...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And do I read it right that this could be an area for a decent amount of cap spending prospectively or...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And just a clarification question. The -- I always get a little bit nailed on my model. You had a decent amount of partnership income at CNA, but the trading portfolio generated outsized loss in the quarter. Is that bond marks [ph]? Or is there anything that you'd characterize that hit the quarter? And first quarter is off to a better start as far as partnership income, I suspect.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So I should look at gold and some of your other equity holdings that are public as a guesstimate if I don't want to use the market for...
Michael Millman: Just following up on that last. Most of the hotel companies seem to either be owners of many of the REITS or managers of fee-for-service. You seem to be somewhere in the middle. Is that correct? And is that very difficult to manage, if that's the case? And I also have a question on the gas.
Michael Millman: So gas -- on a BTU value is selling way below oil or petroleum. And one way to get it up there is to liquefy it. I'm not sure...
Michael Millman: So if that's, I guess, the way -- at least from the stock market's standpoint, it seems very long term and unclear that there'll be a call it fair valuation for natural gas.
