Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Christie, and good morning everyone. And welcome to Loews Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement, and company overview, may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to those comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Mary Skafidas: Clearly. Christie, we'd like to turn the call over to you and open up the call for additional questions from conference call participants.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Josh. That concludes our call for today. As always we want to thank you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. Thanks again.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, I want to quickly talk about Loews investment portfolio. You may recall that in the fourth quarter of 2018, our portfolio, the Loews investment portfolio had a $71 million loss leading to a pre-tax investment loss of $10 million for the year of 2018. Fast forward to the end of the first quarter in 2019 and we have recouped that fourth quarter loss and then some having ended the quarter with net investment income of about $84 million. The stock market declined 14% in the fourth quarter and has increased 13% in the first quarter. In other words, the volatility in the stock market over that time period was the driver of the volatility in our portfolio. Mary, back over to you.
Jim Tisch: Sure. So just as a reminder, we got into -- when we got into CCC, we’ve been studying the packaging industry for a few years, and then when we had the opportunity to buy CCC, it was just the right company in just the right sector of the market. Its sector of the market is fragmented meaning that there are opportunities for roll-ups. There are significant economies of scale to be had by buying smaller mom and pop businesses in this industry. And the other thing, there are really good cash on cash returns to be had especially in an environment where short-term interest rates are 0%, 1%, 2% or 3%. So that was why we got into CCC in the first place. Now let's fast forward. We've had approximately the cash on cash returns that we've expected. We have the platform for growth which has been I think very compelling for us. We're able to buy businesses to the seller at say a nine times EBITDA multiple but in our hands because of our economies of scale; we're able to own them at a six multiple. We have what I think is a really defensive business that in good times and bad is going to do reasonably well. And I think most important now that we've lived with them for two years, we have a really, really strong management team who knows how to manage their business, knows how to acquire other businesses, are interested in profitable growth not growth at any cost. So from my perspective, the thesis on CCC is really playing out and we see more opportunities for acquisition, we see opportunities for organic growth, and we're very pleased with how this is working out for Loews and its shareholders.
Jim Tisch: So my guess is we feel much better about Diamond than the market does. Diamond reported excellent earnings -- excellent prospects today yet the stock is down significantly. My view is that at $10 a share, Diamond is trading more like a stock option than it is a stock. We’ve got into Diamond now over 30 years ago and the thing that I've seen about offshore drilling it is highly cyclical. Let me take you on a short trip down memory lane. When we bought into Diamond, before it went public, we had invested a total of about $300 million. It went public; we got all of our cash back. And then, nothing really happened for a while. I forget what price the stock went public at. As such, come 2007 when the drilling business was really good, the stock got to $140 a share, $140 a share. Diamond used those good times to pay dividends to shareholders. And as I think you all know paid in excess of $40 per Diamond share in dividends. So now let's fast forward from 2007 to today. Today, Diamond trades just above $10 and just if I couldn't believe that Diamond could get to $140, likewise I can't believe that Diamond has gotten to $10. For what it's worth, I see the seeds of change in the industry. Since 2014, 120 floater rigs have been scrapped. When you also take out as a fleet, the cold stacked rigs most of which will never come back to work, there are about 200 floating rigs left in the market, and they're operating at about 65% or 70% operating rate. So, I saw this in the shipping industry in the early 80s, and I've seen this in the offshore drilling business. As long as the market stays at the level that it's at, there will continue to be scrapping from the fleet. And additionally, I believe that with oil prices at these levels, $65 on WTI and $70 on Brent, there is more than enough opportunity for our customers to have good operating profits on drilling prospects. So I think that there will be increases in demand for rigs. I think the size of the fleet will continue to come down, and then one day bam, it's going to happen, supply will have come down, demand will go up. Demand is highly, highly, highly inelastic, and it would not be surprising at all for me -- for all of us to see day rate increases of $50,000, $100,000, $200,000 a day. There's no doubt in my mind that over the next four to five years that can happen. And the thing, I like about Diamond's position in this industry is that it's got a lot of runway for that to happen. So I actually feel pretty good about where Diamond is. One additional thing, Diamond has for us an $800 million market value. Yet as you can see from the earnings, it has an oversized effect on Loews Corp.'s overall earnings. So it's one of the reasons, I looked at some of the parts for Loews as a value measure as opposed to earnings per share.
Jim Tisch: So I know Loews really well. I don't know the S&P 500 as well as I know Loews. So I can't opine to you whether Loews is going to outperform or underperform the S&P 500. What I know is that the opportunity set that we have in front of us at Loews given our cash flow, given our five individual businesses, and given our share price. What I know is that I think there is a great opportunity for us to build value for our shareholders over the intermediate and long-term. As for whether or not we'll outperform the S&P 500, I don't know that's not -- that's not my bogey because I can't control in any way what other companies are doing within their industries.
Jim Tisch: Yes. So there is one other factor that you didn't mention. And that is probably $1 trillion of unused equity at private equity firms and those firms can easily lever up by 100%. So that means that there's probably $2 trillion of dry powder sitting in those firms. And as a result, we see very high prices for businesses that are in what I would call the sweet spot of what we're looking for. We don't need to buy another business. And from the actions speak louder than words department, what you can see is that our investment focus has been and continues to be repurchase of our own shares.
Jim Tisch: Sure. We have learned a lot from our experience in Orlando where we're operating six hotels at above market room rates and above market occupancy. And those hotels have earned very significant rates of returns for us and our partners at Universal. And so we've translated that experience into our strategy for our hotel business. Rather than buying hotels in cities that may or may not fully fit, what we're trying to do, we are building our own properties oftentimes in partnership with municipalities that really fit into this strategy of having a demand driver nearby where we can do significant amounts of Group business and earn what we believe are above market returns on our equity investments. And we're building in Texas now, we're building in Kansas City, we're building in St. Louis, we're building more hotels in Orlando. And from my perspective, our plate is pretty full. And we see, we're generating new opportunities every year. So I feel really good about the strategy. I feel really good about the opportunity set and now it's going to be up to us and the people in our hotel company to execute and generate the returns that we think are entirely within reach.
JimTisch: I believe that the insurance industry, the property and casualty insurance industry, the commercial property and casualty insurance industry where CNA is dramatically less cyclical today than it was previously. 10, 20 or 30 years ago in the insurance industry, companies would earn money, they would accumulate on their balance sheet as capital, and with increasing levels of capital, they would feel they had to write more business. They would write that business, they would compete rates down significantly, and then things would get bad in the industry and they would stop writing so much business because capital had dried up and then things would move up again. The industry today is no longer cyclical like that. And the reason is I believe that Jay Fishman of blessed [ph] memory who is the CEO of Travelers for more than a decade started to buy, started to use his earnings to pay dividends and repurchase shares. And if you look at Travelers over his time as CEO, you see that statutory capital which is an index of how much business you can write never increased. But the stock price went up dramatically and that was a lesson to a lot of other companies in our sector of the market, so you see today that there is dramatically less price competition. I believe to the fact that capital, unnecessary capital is not accumulating on the balance sheets of insurance companies but rather it's being used to pay dividends and repurchase shares? So, I think that going back to the question, the property and cas, our sector of the P&C industry trades my guess at about a 25% discount to the S&P 500. I think in view of the dynamics today in the market such an enormous discount is just not warranted anymore.
JimTisch: I love all my children both in family and at work. And I've spent a lot of time talking about CNA this morning and in the past because CNA represents a significant portion of the value of Loews. But I also think that all of our other subsidiaries have very good prospects. I just talked about Diamond Offshore and the upside potential, I see for offshore drilling. I see that in our hotel business where we have lots of opportunities to build hotels at what we consider to be very, very attractive rates of return for us. I see it in Boardwalk Pipelines where we've had down EBITDA and chances are -- sorry flat EBITDA and the possibility of down EBITDA going forward. But over the past year, I think there are up -- we've also seen some opportunities for some upside. Likewise, CCC has opportunities in front of it. And so when I put it all together, I see overall lots of opportunity for Loews. The other thing, as I said before, is we're happy buying in our shares. Last year we bought in billion dollars of our shares, we're on a similar pace this year and to the extent that Loews shares are like Rodney Dangerfield and not getting any respect, we're happy to buy them in.
JimTisch: Yes, so that was the -- you're quoting the Jim Tisch $5 million test that I developed in about 1982 standing on the deck of a Supertanker where I looked to the front, I looked to the rear, I looked to both sides. I scratched my head and I said you mean you get all this for $5 million? And in fact I thought that was a once in a lifetime opportunity. But in fact just eight years later, the Jim Tisch $5 million test came in handy in getting into the offshore drilling business where I stood on the deck of an offshore drilling rig, and uttered literally, the exact same words to myself. So since that day in 1988, no, we haven't seen another time when the $5 million test worked for us. I'm sure that it occurred to other people and we're always on the lookout for such opportunities. But at the present time, my crystal ball doesn't show any that are waiting for us to snatch them up.
