Walter P. Havenstein: Before turning to your questions I just wanted to say I’m honored to have the opportunity to lead SAIC and build upon the company’s legacy of excellence. Since joining the company in September, I have visited our customers and employees across the country. I’ve gotten a firsthand look at how the science and technology solutions we are delivering to our customers are helping to solve the nations’ toughest problems.  Our company represents a very strong platform for growth and innovation across the markets we serve. As mark pointed out in his remarks, we’re pleased with the progress of our recent results. We’ve dedicated more resources to key growth areas and we’re optimistic that these measures will pay off. The marketplace is likely to remain challenging for the near future but we’re confident in our ability to deliver results going forward. We are now ready to take questions.
Walter P. Havenstein: The way I would characterize that Robert is we’re actually seeing the log jam starting to loosen up. If you look at the aggregate from the time the new administration went in we’ve seen probably the net effect of about maybe a 60 day what I’ll call deferral as the priorities of the administration were being set, as decision makers got in position. Most of that, especially as it pertains to the key decisions around the war in Afghanistan have now been made.  So, we don’t expect that log jam to be enduring. However, that delay did have an impact on orders that impact some aspect of our most recent revenues. So, that impact will be with us for the next 60 days or so. But, I’m fully confident that based on what we’re seeing already in the last few weeks that we’re going to start seeing that log jam kind of break up.
Walter P. Havenstein: Well, yes I can give you one in particular. We know there are going to be some acceleration of MRAP ATV and probably other vehicles, tactical vehicles that are going to be used in that environment. So, in order to accommodate the ramp up of 30,000 people we know that they’re going to be needing both people in country as well as work – when I say in country I mean in the theater as well as people to continue the integration work that we’re doing in Charleston so I think that would be the first thing. Number two, there are a variety of what I’ll characterize in general as intelligence contracts specifically that support operational intelligence. By the way, the operational intelligence work is not just that which we do in country around ISR but also that which we support back here in [Konas]. I would expect to see some of those operational intelligence contracts pickup, and frankly, we know that they’re going to pickup. And, we’ve also gotten some indicators for additional what I’ll call infrastructure work in the theater in preparation of having upwards of 30,000 additional troops in Afghanistan. Frankly, whether it’s a shift from Iraq to Afghanistan or a buildup which we’re currently looking at in Afghanistan, that all requires infrastructure. We saw a very similar ramp up if you recall back in 2004 and 2005 as we ramped up in Afghanistan. If you look at those three dimensions in particular and when I say infrastructure I’m primarily talking about the telecommunications infrastructure that we provide a lot of installation and support on. Those are the kinds of things that I think you can expect to see some upside potential for. 
Walter P. Havenstein: I think it does. First of all, you have to bind the time. I think near term it will and I think your guess is as good as mine, if you’re watching the talking heads on Sunday, your guess is as good as mine as to what withdrawal means. Whether it’s a real withdrawal or whether it’s a ramp down that’s barely recognizable starting in June/July of 2011. My sense is the kinds of things we’re going to be doing are going to be needed for a long, long time.  Let me just give you an example, we provide the supply chain management for tires in one of our contracts. They’re going to be grinding out a lot of tires over the next three years and frankly it doesn’t matter whether they’re grinding them out in the sand of Iraq or the hills of Afghanistan, the fact is there are going to be more tires. So, those of us who provide supply line or manage supply lines in those consumables which we do are going to have more business there’s just no way of getting around it because the overall emphasis has gone up.
Walter P. Havenstein: Yes, I think so. I think that’s possibly true but I think my guess is that we’ve reached more of a steady state in terms of the overall acquisition time, or that process as opposed to it speeding up, I don’t think the process itself will get faster I just think we’re farther through the process that we were say a quarter ago.
Walter P. Havenstein: No, frankly it was more an expectation of what we thought was going to happen got delayed. Frankly, you need to also keep in mind, and as is typical of new administrations especially in the defense world and especially given the strategic decision around Afghanistan, the execution on some of the contracts that we’ve won had been what I’ll called delayed in that the scope that was expected at the time we won the contract has either been modified because they want to keep their powder dry or has been delayed until they got this strategic decision worked out.  Similarly, what we’re seeing is things that were RFPs that were based upon a year ago thinking, the past administration thinking, those things are being delayed or at least got delayed in this budget cycle. So, my sense is there is still built up demand and I’d be disappointed if we didn’t see that build up demand start to manifest itself in new work here over the next six months.William R. Loomis – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Then on the security sales, you mentioned that they were good in the quarter and that helped. Mark said that was one of the factors of improved margins, how do you see that in the January quarter in terms of was there some that got pulled kind of forward in to the October quarter from January? Because I know you previously thought it would be more in the January quarter on the bigger security systems deals.
Walter P. Havenstein: We have our largest contract in essence comes up for recompete during fiscal ’11 however, it’s at the back end of fiscal ’11. That’s the [Sense Global Solutions] Contract previously known as the GIG and that’s with [Ditsa] so that’s north of $300 million in annual revenues. But again, that’s a late fiscal ’11 event but that clearly will have an impact in fiscal ’12 so we’ll just be discussing that about a year from now in terms of its status. 
Walter P. Havenstein: Yes, we feel fairly confident about it but that’s why we have $90 billion in our pipeline because you never can tell these days.
Mark W. Sopp: Jason, we’re at the beginning of what could be a long legal process. There has not been sufficient process or progress to give you any further color other than what we’ve disclosed at this time.
Mark W. Sopp: The SCF if you will, albeit a new name now is still under much discussion and debate. While we are having very stable revenues foreseeable and it’s too early to say how that might change pending those discussions. We baked in a modest decline in revenues for 2011, I’d say a little less than what I previously had indicated which was about a $50 million reduction, I think we’ll be a little bit better than that and a modest fee decline in light of discussions there. But, we really don’t have any better information with respect to that program today. On the MRAP/ATV tactical vehicles integration, that team has done a wonderful job expanding that area beyond MRAP not only to MATVs but to other tactical vehicles. While they saw a little bit of slip as expected here in the third quarter, there is a robust pipeline of work with MATVs, 5,000 unit ballpark for fiscal ’11 and that will keep the year-over-year revenues in that area slightly down but not as noticeable as we once though prior to of course landing that order on the MATVs.
Mark W. Sopp: Well clearly that’s true the IDIQs are affecting the bookings numbers however, I’ll go back the $8.5 billion was an end of August number not an end of Q2 number that was used in the analyst day. So, the appropriate Q2 number was the $6.6 for the end of the second quarter so we had a big August in terms of submissions.
Mark W. Sopp: Bill, they did moderately better in the third quarter than expected. I honestly don’t know if some of that was acceleration but we have the fourth quarter outlook pretty much consistent with what we had been discussing before.
Mark W. Sopp: I want to go back and correct the record for one of the previous responses that Cai von Rumohr asked which was the mix of IDIQ contracts and standard contracts in the north of $100 million category. That mix year-to-date is about a third standard contracts and two thirds IDIQ contracts for the record.
