John P. Jumper: Thank you, Paul, and welcome, everyone. The first quarter of 2014 was relatively in line with our expectations with revenues of $2.71 billion for the quarter, down slightly to the prior year quarter. This represents an internal revenue decline of 4%, primarily due to the loss of the large DGS contract and ramp down on the war-related OCO work on a JLI contract, which together reduced our revenues by more than $100 million. The revenue performance also reflects the impact of sequestration, which is driving delayed decisions and imposing significant fear and caution throughout the contracting process. Operating income was lower than the prior year, due mainly to $40 million of costs for the separation and preparation of 2 stand-alone companies, and our operating cash flow was negatively impacted by the earlier-than-expected discontinuance of an accelerated payment program by the government. Having said that, our performance was mostly as we expected and our previous guidance anticipated many of the current challenges. Today, we are reaffirming the guidance that we outlined in our March call. Looking forward, uncertainty over funds -- over funding remains, but there is still little that our customers can tell us about what to expect and over what period of time. I, along with other CEOs in this space, have been engaged with leadership of the Pentagon who, I must say, have gone out of their way to conduct frequent meetings with industry leadership. Along with others, I have emphasized the need to work the necessary fiscal discipline in a more reasonable way with debate and compromise rather than mindless across-the-board cuts. At SAIC, we are proactively responding and taking the necessary steps to manage the business in the current difficult environment. Our $350 million cost-reduction plan is progressing well and we continue to adjust our infrastructure to ensure that we have the right-sized business to address our revenue base. Our strong balance sheet has and will effectively support our ongoing development of the company. We remain thoughtful about how we deploy our capital, as evidenced by the special dividend that will be paid out on June 28. As always, we approach all of our capital deployment efforts with a view toward maximizing value for our shareholders. Our planned separation is progressing on schedule and will yield 2 cost-conscious, high-performance companies that focus on driving value to our shareholders. We're still operating as one company and focused on making our plan for the year. However, we are in a transition year and incurring significant cost to prepare for the companies to be successful following separation. We are pleased to announce a new National Security Solutions leader, Lou Von Thaer, who Stu will discuss in his section. Lou brings a career of experience and talent to that sector, and we are delighted to welcome him. Also, we have John Sweeney on the call with us today, and he'll be heading up Leidos Investor Relations efforts. The leadership team for both companies is substantially in place. Now I'll turn this over to our COO, Stu Shea, who will discuss business performance.
John P. Jumper: Thanks, Mark. Let me sum up by saying that we remain confident in our plan, we understand and we're dealing with a combined turbulence of sequestration and the dynamics of separating our company and we have 40,000 remarkable employees dedicated to the future success of these 2 great companies. I'll now turn it back over to Paul to take your questions.
John P. Jumper: Let me -- this is John. Let me start with that and Stu can chime in. We've been through these cycles before. And as Stu pointed out, there's really not a lot of formal LPTA. We talk a lot about LPTA, but there's not that many formally defined as LPTA. We're just seeing the behavior more reflect price than you would expect. But these cycles have changed because, again, it all comes down to what's technically acceptable and the more that you get some contractors that are having more difficulty performing, the more you see the pendulum swing back the other way. So there's so much other uncertainty out there right now, it's hard to predict what that cycle might be, but we have seen this before.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, Ross, this is Mark here. I did mention in my prepared remarks that the health businesses, we did make some steps to integrate the previous Vitalize acquisition, as well as the recent maxIT acquisition. And so that was pretty meaningful in the quarter and nonetheless, the right thing to do. On the engineering side, we had strong performance overall, I would say, and good energy or engineering products going out the door as well and also including -- give Joe a lot of credit, a healthy maintenance business was part of that, which has been very profitable for us. So a little bit of investment, very bullish on the long-term prospects of both growth and prosperity in that area.
Mark W. Sopp: Mark here. Give us a check into -- check that out. Yes, why don't we come back to that question in a moment? We have it for the consolidated business, of course, in the sectors. But we like to redo it for Leidos and new SAIC for your question.
Mark W. Sopp: The both -- both of our businesses were fairly equal in terms of growth rates this quarter. The commercial health was just south of 10% and engineering was similarly strong, obviously. So that's how it shook out this particular quarter. I still think we're seeing in some pause in the marketplace on the commercial health side as a result of the extension of the ICD 10 and Meaningful Use regulations that went from August 2013 to August 2014, and also the 2% haircut to Medicare reimbursements via sequestration might also be attributing to some of the pause. But nonetheless, the regulations are in place. We think the industry is compelled to invest in modernizing its IT and its EHR implementations accordingly. So it might be a short-term pause but nonetheless, very bullish on the outcome for this year and beyond.
Mark W. Sopp: Bill, we'll have to work on that one. We don't have that on our fingertips. When we have our Investor Days in July, I think we'll provide plenty of color on the composition and revenue stratifications of the businesses, so I think it's best to hold off until then.
Mark W. Sopp: Jason, I don't want to comment on the point in the range where we will be. We're in the range, we're reaffirming that. I would point out that we see in quarters 2 through 4, a few things improving for us. We have made a number of cost reductions this quarter and last quarter. The full impact of those cost reductions will benefit the P&L in Q2 and beyond in the core of the business and in the overheads. We do expect that our fee performance across the business on a number of dimensions and actually improve the rate recovery from some of the cost we had in Q1, helping out. So we do expect margins to improve, not only from the going away of the separation expenses, but fundamentally in the business throughout that will drive much of the performance you see and implicit in our guidance assumptions. And on the EPS side, I'll also point out as I tried to in my remarks, that the tax rate was 36% of the first quarter. It's going to be more toward 30% flat for the remaining 3 quarters, and that will have quite a bit of benefit to the EPS in Q2 through 4 as well.
Mark W. Sopp: Cai, we will be providing that not at this time, but either in conjunction with our investor conference that we mentioned in July, possibly after that. But we're going to shoot for July to provide those numbers, not only for the Q1 of last year but, of course, if you want you're probably asking for Q2, 3 and 4 of last year and well, we just completed that.
Mark W. Sopp: Understand the difficulty. We have expended a lot of effort to do the carveouts, expended a lot of effort to restructure the business and we'll be prepared to provide the full prior year numbers in the July timeframe, possibly slip into August. There's just a lot of stuff to do in preparation of the separation and we just don't have those other quarters at this time, Cai.
Mark W. Sopp: We haven't quantified them there. There is a few million of integration expenses to prepare our Commercial business for the long term. We also have started incurring the synergy costs in our -- in the building of our 2 businesses that will be more than offset by cost reductions that we have already made decisions on, but won't really start paying off until Q2 through Q4. And we had some program write-downs that were disclosed in the -- will be disclosed in the Q and the earnings release that are not itemized in the supplemental materials. It's about a year-over-year $8 million swing that had a pretty meaningful impact on Q1 as well.
Mark W. Sopp: I think it's reasonable to expect, Cai, that our funded backlog will remain 5 months, maybe 6 months of forward revenue in the environment we see at each quarter end, which has previously been higher than that, 6, 7, even 8 sometimes, but in this environment, as was mentioned, it's coming out in smaller pieces. So we expect a lower number but nonetheless, indicative of the environment and at this point, not changing our view with respect to the ultimate revenue outcome.
Mark W. Sopp: No, that is not -- the impairments are in the appropriate segments. Everything else is in the corporate line.
Mark W. Sopp: It is and we'll work on making that more apparent to you. But I would say that there is margin erosion from a pure percentage perspective related to the tightening pricing environment. And it's a meaningful number of basis points. I don't think it's a full percentage, but I think it's a meaningful number of basis points, Joe, for tighter bids, as well as just the replacement of programs that previously were at attractive margins for us, BCTM worked itself out, JLI and DGS were pretty good programs from a profitability perspective. And they're either going away or replaced by other programs that don't quite have the margin profile. So the lion's share are the investments and costs we're incurring to prepare for separation. The way out of this in terms of long-term plan is, of course, complete Gemini successfully and focus on driving organic growth on the core business, but also the -- tapping into the incremental addressable market, freed up from separation and a much less stressful OCI situation for us. We've got to continue to grow our Commercial business and also improve our overall product profitability, so those are high priority items. And of course, execute the cost reductions that we've mentioned, which will benefit all 3 sectors. So that's where we're at as a roadmap and we'll provide more color on that in July.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, there's stock option expense in there. There are the unallowable cost of the enterprise outside of the sectors. You can probably imagine what those are. So those are in there and we have our corporate move is in there, which will be for one more quarter. Those are the major elements there.
Mark W. Sopp: Good question, the answer is no. We don't have any buybacks, we don't have real estate gains. It's all pure operations improvement. The phaseout of the separation expenses and the improvement in the tax rate that I mentioned earlier.
Mark W. Sopp: The organic growth that we have slated for the HE segment, Health and Engineering segment, is in the low-single digits for fiscal '14. Commercial health being well above that, but we've got environmental business in there and the products business that has nice profit characteristics, but I'm not seeing the growth there this year.
K. Stuart Shea: Jason, this is Stu. As you know, book-to-bill ratio varies considerably on timing of new orders and it can fluctuate meaningfully quarter-by-quarter. As you mentioned, we're seeing the same thing everybody else is in terms of customer change, in terms of their buying habits. Our goal is always to get towards 1 and above 1.0. It's a tough uphill battle this year right now. What we're seeing, though, is a little bit of a change in how customers are funding activities. They're funding shorter increments and smaller funding levels, which of course, will have less of a predictive nature on how that converts to revenues in the future. So we're taking a hard look at that, trying to really understand the nature because we're seeing a pretty significant change in that funding style.
K. Stuart Shea: George, this is Stu. I guess the biggest thing we're seeing is a slowness in the award decisions. That's what I try to convey in my part of the dialogue. We're just seeing a lot of indecision. We're not seeing any dramatic shift in terms of program terminations, cancellations, reductions, but we are seeing an absolute slowness in the award decisions. One of the things we talked about last quarter was this idea of LPTA and the impact on the business. Again, we're not seeing any dramatic across-the-board cuts on pricing and movement in a significant way into LPTA kind of awards, but we are seeing customers shifting their decision towards more low price. And of course, as we mentioned in the past, being able to define technically acceptable is always a challenge. So there's always broad kind of activities happening, slowness in decisions, more towards low price, but nothing that stands out as significant in terms of dramatic shifts over what's really been happening in an evolutionary fashion over the last couple of quarters.
K. Stuart Shea: I think that's wishful thinking. And we all have discussed it. I think you're going to see a clearly end of fiscal year flush probably not dissimilar from what you've seen in previous years. But there's a lot of pent-up dollars that are not being expended, and you could see a dramatic change. We're not counting on it. We're counting on a very traditional year-end flush of funding.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, if you go back a couple of weeks ago and you think about the big shift from cost reimbursable contracts to fixed-price contracts, it was the way to go because they -- you could set a limit and move in that direction. We saw a big shift in some parts of our business. We're now, in some parts of our business, in just the opposite. We're going from big fix-priced programs that were very successful to cost reimbursable contracts. And of course, the margin on the cost reimbursable contracts, if you execute the fix-priced version very well, are not as favorable on the cost reimbursable ones. So that's one of the changes we're seeing as well.
