James Reagan: Well, Matt, thanks for the question. I think that this year, particularly as we close out 2019, we're seeing the benefit of strong program performance and that's put some nice upward pressure on margins and clearly the two businesses that we've acquired or in the process of acquiring, in the case of the Security Products and Automation businesses, they will also be accretive to our margin profile. So I think that over time as we combine, the strong operational execution, getting some revenue and operating synergies out of the acquired businesses. I think that you're going to see us moving the margin expectation upward.
James Reagan: Tobey, it's an interesting question. I think, if I understand your question right, what is the risk that there could be some interruption in what we view as an environment where we have opportunity to gradually increase margin. And I think that for us, it is more an issue of continued execution and by continue - to continuing to execute well on the existing programs that we have and combine that with realizing the opportunity from the acquisitions that we're making where we think that there is some margin expansion opportunity that's accretive to the overall company, I think that we simply have to execute on the acquisitions that we've made consistent with the playbook that we used when we acquired the IS&GS business and drove 200 basis points of margin expansion out of that. Now, I don't want to - I don't want to make it that like we're setting the bar for that on the deals that we've - that we're doing now, but we certainly believe that there is some opportunity that we can execute on there.
James Reagan: Yes, Seth, this is Jim Reagan. I think that first of all, we, as you know we don't issue guidance by segment. But to your first question, you can think about the organic growth implied by our guidance range being about 7% and that we feel good about the growth that we've experienced across all of the segments of our business in 2019, and because we've had book-to-bills north of 1.0 for all of our segments, all of our businesses where, we remain confident that we'll have strong growth across all of our business segments in 2020.
James Reagan: Well, you know that the lion's share of the growth that we're expecting to experience in 2020 is going to be on the recent program wins. And particularly in the back end of the year we've indicated, there's going to be the beginning of the ramp up of the NGEN program. And the on-contract growth that we've experienced in 2019, which was a significant part of our ability to grow the business, in addition to wins from 2018, things like NASA NEST or the Army Corps of Engineers, IT modernization program. We've had strong growth in health off of the digital health solutions business. Those are the kinds of programs that we think are going to continue to be our growth drivers into 2020.
James Reagan: Yes, again detailed program performance and growth rates by quarter, we're not accustomed to giving it. But look, I think it's fair to say that you can think of the growth rate that we've experienced in 2019, about 1 point of that has been because of the uptick in revenues on our dim sum program for the Defense Health Agency. The growth rate there in the coming year is going to be not quite as strong, but still the program is continuing on an upward trajectory.
James Reagan: Yes, there is a couple of things. Gavin, one of them is, we've done a great job this year of hiring and we were - when we were setting our guidance out a year ago, we were thinking of the ability to hire who is being a governor and we've made that a new core competency of the business. The second is on-contract growth. We've done a lot to train our teams to help customers by selling into existing vehicles, help them broaden the kind of mission areas that we address. And then the other thing is that, we have a couple of businesses and really a couple of large contracts that are winding down in the coming year, which are going to be a bit of a headwind in the backdrop of some really strong business development performance in acquiring new and takeaway wins this year. So, I think that it's fair to say that at a midpoint of 7%, organic growth we're being pretty careful in how we measure our ability to continue that string of success and ramp up the new program wins, really fast.
James Reagan: We don't issue or, we don't disclose the recompete win rates, or for that matter for new business or takeaways, what we have said in the past and it continues to be true is that our win rates on all of those categories are well above, are above 50% this year. The recompetes are going to contribute about 20% of our - the things that are being bid in the coming year will be responsible for about 20% of our overall revenue.
Roger Krone: Well, you know that three year horizon that we talked about before, we certainly are pleased with our progress on that. I think that because of the advance payment that we mentioned that will be reversing in 2020, that's a bit of a short-term cash flow headwind. That's going to be offset by the fact that we're monetizing about $200 million of our receivables with a very low cost facility that will allow us to show some offsetting uplift in operating cash flow for the year.
Roger Krone: Yes. Hey, Ellen and thanks for joining us. Yes, I think our position in that digital landscape is close to the customer and helping the customer utilize the capabilities of the cloud and digital transformation, things like software-defined networks and virtualization and there is opportunity to bring that - those digital transformation capabilities to other customers, the Army, Air Force, frankly, some of the other federal agencies as well. And as we've said before, we're really cloud provider agnostic and where that value-added layer that allows our customers to really modernize and drive efficiency into their day-to-day operations. And so, it's been a great growth market for us and we see it rolling into our healthcare business, our commercial energy business that's been part of our growth engine.
Roger Krone: Cai, thanks for the question. When we think of how we want - how we manage the business internally, we manage the thousands of contracts and programs that we have as a portfolio, and we bid things like Navy NextGen, GSM-O with a view that as we begin the process of innovating for new contract, we're going to make those investments with a view that they would get at or above the Company average as they continue to mature beyond the first or second year of the program. So if you think about, and I would just give you some examples. The margin on a program like NASA NEST, which was a takeaway win for us last year, that is already beginning to move upward from that early phase of where we're investing. And so, the larger programs like that typically do have lower margins early on and some of the reserve releases that we've talked about, some of the write-ups that we've had in the fourth quarter are in fact from programs that are maturing and give us the capability to tick up on the profit recognition ratios we have there. And again, it's a function of a lot of programs and I gave you one example in NASA of where the margins escalate over time.
Roger Krone: Thanks, Ed, and thanks for joining us. Yes, we've looked back at history and as the end of our first term in the White House and there is a reason to kind of get the budget done before we enter the election cycle in the fall. And as we are up on the hill and talking to authorizers and appropriator certainly at the staff level, they are working hard to get the rest of the budgets complete. I think the President is now set the top level, there seems to be broad agreement at the top level and now the staffs have to do the work to get the budgets done. And I just don't see a lot of appetite for having the budget process roll through the election season. But were there [ph] people who - there are other people who think we'll be in a CR through the end of the year, but I'm more optimistic than that. We do know that we are in what I think is the 130th month of economic expansion in the United States, right. I think the largest period of expansion since the great depression. And I think all of us in business look at that with a careful eye and thinking, okay what could be out in front of us. We look at the coronavirus. We keep our eye on interest rates and, but the economy is running well and we continue to see economic growth. But I think we're all being thoughtful, and that's why clearly at Leidos, we are more conservative in our balance sheet and we like to stay away from the high leverage. That way if we were to see interest rates increase, we would be protected and insulated against that.
Roger Krone: Yes. Hey Tobey, I would answer that, because of our success and how we've grown, there may be people who feel like we have to bid on a broad array of programs, even if they don't meet our expectations for return, and I would simply point out is that even at the size we are today, we have the opportunity to pick and choose what we go after. And as we have said in prior calls, we're being really thoughtful about which businesses we bid on and if we don't see the potential for kind of our corporate average return on a program, we have the strength and the will to not bid those programs. And therefore we feel pretty confident that we can maintain the margins at the current level, then maybe hopefully improve those with some performance.
Roger Krone: Yes, I would just add. We're not at the point on the program where we're essentially have four waves and process. So, we're starting one and completing one. Today, we're going from Wave Travis all the way to the Coast Guard pilot and so we expect to keep that pace now for considerable period of time while we roll out the program and put the new electronic healthcare record system at all of the DHA installations.
Roger Krone: We've always talked about scale in a couple of buckets. We're still very people-oriented, very much a people company and our size and scale allow us to recruit more colleges to have more job fairs to spread more broadly. And that is really, really important in attracting people at college level, mid-level and at the senior levels has really allowed us to fuel our growth. The scale and we talked about, this as a major reason why we did the Lockheed deal 3.5 years ago, is it brought a whole set of new customers, which broadened and diversified our portfolio. And we see that happened again and again every time we do some. We win a new program or we have the inorganic growth. We're thrilled with the broadening of our technical differentiation and the capabilities that we have and what scale allows us to do is to spend our internal R&D money to invest and differentiate those capabilities and then something kind of unique to the government contracting business that maybe commercial customers don't quite understand, but to bid on opportunities in our space, you need to have what we call past performance qualifications, which means you need to have already done that kind of work either for the same customer or for a similar customer. And if you don't have that in your portfolio, oftentimes, you're not even allowed to submit a proposal. And with our broader portfolio we have past performance calls and something called IDIQ contract vehicles, which is a nuance in our industry I won't go into, but we have a lot more of the qualifications that allow us to participate in these broader markets. And we've seen since the IS&GS acquisition, that all of these have contributed to our top line growth.
Roger Krone: Yes. Gavin, I think we see that in some customers and then we see other customers who take a large program like the old NMCI. In the Navy, they actually broke that contract into a hardware and a software services and architecture program in the Navy. So, we won - it's called SM-ITY [ph] NGEN program, which is the non-hardware part of the old NMCI. And another contractor won the hardware, and I think each agency looks at their portfolio, and although I think there is a tendency to aggregate there also will be times when they say, okay, maybe we've reached a level of scale and we want to have more players and they disaggregate. So yes, I think in the life cycle, we see both and not necessarily a trend one way or the other. What you do see in the way we behave, because of what we've done with the Company, we tend to look for larger opportunities. And it's interesting, it almost cost you as much money to write, say $250 million proposal as it does to write $1 billion proposal. And if we can take the same resources and pursue larger opportunities, we can be more efficient in the dollars that we spend, we call it our new business fund spend. And so, we have been doing that over the last couple of years.
Roger Krone: Let's see, I think you asked - let me on the answer the question, I want to answer. But although we have a customer concentration in the national capital region and there are some contracts that require us to perform work within a certain geographical radius of those customers. We have had success in moving work outside of these sort of dense economic areas to places where the job market is better and we have been doing that over the past couple of years and we continue to do that in '19 and in '20. And we have built new facilities, we call them centers of excellence and software development. We kind of refer to them as software factories but open, planned new buildings in places around the country, near major research colleges and universities that have outstanding computer science programs. And we have enjoyed success and capturing students and graduate students and allowing them to participate in our secured DevOps process and our agile software development, I think that has been really, really successful for us and we have seen some signs open up down the street with some of our competitors names on them. So, I think it is a trend that we're seeing within the government contracting space.
Roger Krone: Well, in the Navy NextGen they actually split the contract into two pieces. There is a hardware contract, which we didn't participate in. I think it was won by HP, and they will provide the hardware and unlike our NASA Nest program where we did both and we actually brought the hardware and we buy some existing hardware and do a technology refresh. On the Navy NextGen program, we don't have that hardware component in our contract. Ours is around architecture and transforming the network. And so, there's really - there is no pass-through, there's really no hardware implementation risk. And you're oftentimes in government contracting if you're simply passing through hardware, sometimes you're not allowed to put fee on that, sometimes the fee rate is less. And that is not the case on our Navy NextGen contract.
