John P. Jumper: Thank you, Mark. First, I realized we've used more time than usual with the expanded content of today's call. Thank you for the extra time to process today's announcement. We look forward to answering your questions today, and we're committed to providing open and timely communications to you throughout this process. With this announcement, we plan to enhance our overall investment community outreach so the new SAIC story can be better understood. We have also filed a briefing with the SEC that covers the major points of our planned separation, which we hope you'll find useful. Second, for the record, I'd like to mention that SAIC paid a $0.12 per share dividend on the 30th of March, 2012, and that our Board of Directors will meet next on September 14 to address the next quarterly dividend payment. Finally, please allow me to acknowledge the diligence of our Board of Directors, who have vigorously engaged and challenged the leadership team and devoted many additional hours of deliberation and counsel to help our team arrive at these necessary but complex decisions about SAIC's future. I'll speak for both Stu and myself in thanking the leadership team for a work ethic that only comes with true selfless devotion to the task at hand. There are too many to mention, but starting with my own wingman, Stu, our leaders have been the models of diligence and professionalism. I'd like to assure everyone on this call that the leadership team is fully aware of the task that lies before us in executing the planned separation. We will execute that task with the greatest respect for our customers, our employees, our shareholders and our investors. What will emerge are 2 powerful companies of significant scale. Our new groups and business units will be able to leverage existing market power and they will be more recognizable from the outside. Our line leaders and proposal teams, all really -- already feeling the margin pressures and bare knuckles recompetes, will operate in cost-conscious organizations, all unconstrained by potential conflicts. In our growth markets, we will design organizations to leverage our ample technical skills in ways that embrace our customers' growing concern about cyber security in government and commercial markets, even as we help define the next level of information security and performance in a cyber world. Thank you all very much. Now I'm going to turn it back over to Paul to answer your questions.
John P. Jumper: Well, that gets to the sort of the strategic budget issue that I don't think anybody is able to predict. But we're in a continuing resolution. We have the whole mystery of sequestration still before us and all the dynamics sort of the end of the year, it all piles up, I think just to contribute to an atmosphere of uncertainty. But we got the continuing resolution through the 31st of March, and that means that when the Congress comes back at the end of September, they got to start dealing with the next fiscal year budget. How they're going to reconcile that with FY '13 and how they're going to do the pro forma spread of the sequestration through a fiscal year that has already got part of it in a continuing resolution is all sort of unknown right now. And contributes to a bit of uncertainty. What we can report though is what we have observed. It's what Stu said, a slight acceleration in our government business, government revenue here in the end of the second quarter and continuing into the third quarter. We just don't know where that's going to mean with regard to how this all ends up with regard to flush, with regard to the caution of contracting officers toward the end of the year. These things all add to the uncertainty.
John P. Jumper: Well, we do promise to keep you all informed. That's the main thing. As we go forward, we have a few things that are on our plate early on, naming the companies, the leadership of the companies, et cetera. And Mark has undertaken significant efforts on the financial side to try and wrestle to the ground how we're going to do the capital structure, et cetera. But these things, as we progress and as we have things that we can tell you that we are certain of or more or less certain of, we will be revealing these things as we go forward.
Mark W. Sopp: Mike, Mark Sopp here. We will provide that later on when we get down the road. We've got a lot of design ahead of us. The team is going to be very focused on cost efficiency. And so it's just premature until we get further down the road to provide that, but we will be very transparent in those expectations at the right time.
Mark W. Sopp: We have eliminated revenue from that program in our guidance as a cautionary measure, but we're certainly hopeful that we get a better outcome.
Mark W. Sopp: Great question. We do believe our normative margins today are indeed in that 7.5% to 8% range before nonrecurring expenses that I described in my remarks as an example. Some of those will continue. But in terms of the pure business, that's the baseline today, and we will have to see what the market forces dictate in the shorter term. But we will be designing to be maximizing financial performance, and we will be endeavoring to improve that number given the portfolio positions we have. So that's the challenge to the team.
Mark W. Sopp: I think the -- Cai, it's Mark Sopp. Ballpark, I think the contribution for the Defense Solutions Group toward that $4 billion is roughly 75%, and the remaining 25% exclusively from the health, engineering and civil solutions segment.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, I said -- I didn't say lots of M&A. It will continue its course, if you will, as we have been on, and will need to be structured in order to support meaningful M&A going forward in the Solutions business. We did have some performance issues, as I directly stated in the engineering area, and we are working hard to remediate them. I would consider them growing pains, but we're also introducing some very interesting new technology on those projects, and these sort of things happen. But that has not dampened our positive view toward this space. We believe we are a capable provider and will continue to be one, and we will continue to look for M&A opportunities in that space.
Mark W. Sopp: Our standard philosophy on that remains, Cai. So if you do the math on the existing cash balance plus what will be departing the treasury in the third quarter to pay for maxIT, we will not have excess cash for the short term, i.e. the rest of this fiscal year, above $500 million. We'll probably finish around $500 million for this fiscal year. And our philosophy remains that if we have excess cash above that level, and if we don't have M&A properties that are foreseeably ahead of us than we have in the past, then we'll continue to consider buybacks. But I don't see that in the immediate short term given our cash balance projected for the rest of this year. But that does remain a vital option as deployment of our cash, yes.
Mark W. Sopp: There is about 1/3 of that business is logistics, readiness and sustainment area, which is one of the strategic growth areas. And there is a part of our -- what we call cyber area, a good half of our cyber area are contracts that provide that sort of solution set that's in the Defense Solutions Group. So that gives you a rough idea of the size.
Mark W. Sopp: I do have a general sense in today's business, but I don't want to limit our thinking as we design going forward. And so as you would expect, given all the remarks we've made heretofore, the solutions business piece with more products and higher technology areas does have higher margins relative to the services business. But we believe that when we are engaged in our redesigning efforts, then we want to think openly and to free the teams up to do something different. And so, again, we would prefer to provide more color on that down the road when we have developed those thoughts to a greater degree.
Mark W. Sopp: Of various stages of development, so there's 20% of the solutions business pro forma today is commercial. That's pretty substantial. And part of that, significant part of that is growing very significantly. And then we have some products businesses and solutions that are in various stages of their life cycle, some very early, some more mature. And that has a pretty significant impact on profitability today. So as we get closer to the spin, we'll have greater clarity on where those product margins are heading at that time, which will greatly inform, I think, the solutions margins.
Mark W. Sopp: Let me start with the latter question. The revenue piece is greater than $100 million, but less than $200 million, even though we bumped up the range by $200 million, as you saw. On the margin front, there's about $10 million of new amortization expense related to maxIT that we have to absorb in operating margins in the second half. And with respect to expenses, we have about $5 million more to go on the corporate relocation for the rest of this year, and we have roughly $20 million we expect in terms of the expenses related to the separation process. So those are incremental expenses that we will need to absorb in the second half and are implicit in our EPS guidance.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, I'll provide it by strategic growth area, if I could. So a number of our strategic growth areas are running between 5% and 10%. As we said all along, one or 2 of them are south of that for various reasons, including some singular contract reductions. The core area has contracted all year, and that's just single-digit contraction, but nonetheless a contraction. I think the solutions business is -- they kind of balance each other out when you think about it. You got to give your -- tip your hat to the Defense Solutions Group for a very strong year-to-date performance, driven by growth in programs like Tires and Vanguard and others. Some will taper off in the second half, and we've baked that in, like the Joint Logistics integration contract. So there's a mixed performance this year because there are significant singular contracts that move the needle one way or the other. And what we'd really like to do is get down the road and evaluate recent developments including sequestration. As we get closer to the spin, provide you a better view forward of our revenue expectations at that time.
Mark W. Sopp: In terms of proprietary products, the part of the $7 billion solutions business would still be less than 10% for proprietary products, but obviously a greater portion than today. So it will move the needle more in that business, but still between 5% and 10% would be the proprietary revenues within the solutions group.
K. Stuart Shea: Jason, this is Stu. We're seeing a steady increase in the award decisions each period, and the beginning of Q3 was particularly strong in terms of those awards. So when we start looking at our bookings performance, we're seeing an uptick in that towards the end of Q2 and beginning to accelerate as well into Q3. So when you translate that into strong Q3 book-to-bill, we see Q3 being very strong and it's still expected on a year-to-year basis to be at 1.0 or better. So that really is -- not really as much of a flush as more of a decision-making process on the part of the government.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes. So it is at 0.8 now. And we're looking to see it get to year end at 1.0 and above, and how much above depends on how the pace of awards continues towards the end of the fiscal year, including the impact of sequestration. But the book-to-bill, it should be noted, it doesn't account for ID/IQ programs, and our ID/IQ programs are about $5 billion year-to-date. That's a growth of almost 50% over last year. And many of those ID/IQs are single-award ID/IQs, which also contributes to our performance. And when you couple that with roughly 50 non ID/IQ programs that we have in the pipeline that we expect to be decided this year in excess of $100 million, recognizing the slow historical nature of some of those awards, that's why we're remaining bullish on the 1.0 in the book-to-bill.
K. Stuart Shea: George -- Glenn, this is Stu. I think we -- the basis of our OCI in the past has been -- we didn't have hard OCI issues that we had to contend with, but we have lots of churn in the system because of our desire to navigate through them. So there was a lot of transactional reviews of growth. And in many cases, we just walked away from business lines because we couldn't pursue them. And that's really reflected in the size of the market expansion that we see after the separation. I don't know if I can attribute a percentage increase that we would have gone to, but as we look at the future of the split, we really expect growth to be higher than it would be if we didn't do the separation. That's a fundamental belief that we have. And when you look at the fact that the solutions company has access to $37 billion annually of addressable market and the services with maybe $5 billion annually, our revenue assumptions reflect the capture of a very small amount of that market share from the expansion. And so when we think about incremental annual revenue, it's close to $1 billion by the time ramp-up is completed, nominally, number of years from now. And that's really because in post-separation, it takes a little bit of time for us to begin to capture the proposals and get them in place. And when you think about the allocation of that growth between the solutions and the services company, we see still a meaningful amount of that to accrued it to the services side as well, maybe 25%, but most of it going in the solutions side.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, I think if you look at the services segment, you would think of Booz Allen, CACI, The SI, TASC, Cytor [ph], ManTech, et cetera. When you look at the solutions side, it's a broader mix because of the 3 lines of business. So think on the C4ISR side, you have the Northrop, General Dynamics, Lockheed Boeing, L-3, et cetera. In the health area, you have CST, Accenture. And in the engineering side, you'd have Black & Veatch, Jacobs, Hatch, ECOM and others. So it's a little different spin between them.
K. Stuart Shea: Our going-in position that if you think of it as 1 plus 1 has to equal a lot less than 2. We're not looking to have additional. We're looking to see a reduction, net reduction, in the combination with the creation of the 2 independent entities. We're going for -- the real focus of the overhead structure and it gets down to the construct about the organizational structure, the nature of the processes, the way we're designing the 2 companies is to have an overhead structure rightsized for the kind of business that they're in. So not just taking SAIC and replicating it in 2 different places, but to create an efficient, agile organizational construct with the appropriate structure for the business and markets they support.
K. Stuart Shea: I think we're going to work as quickly, as methodically as we can, but the one thing that we have as a precursor to all those decisions is not letting go of the existing performance. We are very, very focused on execution today, and so that remains a kind of a preeminent position for us.
