Stuart Davis: Thank you, Operator, and welcome everyone. Here on today’s call are Ken Dahlberg, our Chairman and CEO and Mark Sopp, our CFO. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements to assist you in understanding the company and our expectations about its future financial and operating performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks that could cause actual events to differ materially and I refer you to our SEC filings for a discussion of these risks. In addition, the statements made represent our views as of today. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. We may elect to update the forward-looking statements at some point in the future but we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. With that, I will turn the call over to Ken.
Stuart Davis: Remember in the last two years we have had book to bill in Q3 in the kind of 1.5 to 1.6 range and we would certainly expect that kind of behavior again.
Stuart Davis: Thank you. As there are no more questions I guess that will conclude the call. If any of you do have interest in attending the conference as Ken mentioned just give me a shout. With that, again I would like to thank you for your participation.
Kenneth Dahlberg: Thank you Mark. Before turning to your questions I just wanted to say how pleased I am that we have found the right leader to succeed me. This will be my last call and I look forward to transitioning to the Chairman role when CEO Walt Havenstein joins the team on September 21. I am sure you are all looking forward to meeting Walt whose first exposure to the street will be at our annual Institutional Investor Conference set for the 13th and 14th of October at our offices in Maclean. The feedback from past events has been universally positive and this event promises to be even better. The conference will follow the same basic schedule as past years. On Tuesday afternoon we will have a technical demonstration of some of our main products and solutions followed by dinner with the senior management team. On Wednesday morning we will have management presentations with a special focus on our capability, positioning and strategy in the energy market. Now we all recognize the full event requires a substantial time commitment on all your parts but the two theme session is especially rewarding. The demos showcase our technical discriminators and most of our senior team will attend the dinner. If you are at all interested in attending this year’s conference just give Stuart a call or send him an email. With that, operator, we are ready to take questions. :
Kenneth Dahlberg: We certainly I think are confident about it for this year and into next year yet negotiations are just getting under way. We did receive that acquisition decision memorandum and we are fully cooperative with Boeing as well as ourselves as we attempt to restructure the contract or create a new contract it is still on a TBD condition.
Kenneth Dahlberg: The manned ground vehicle won’t be part of the restructured or new contract. It will be a separate contract that the Army is working diligently on right now.
Kenneth Dahlberg: We have always said we built our strong logistics business as that revenue climbs that is not as high a profitability as the products business. So blended we do believe we are on a 20-30 basis point improvement year-over-year.
Kenneth Dahlberg: I think it is too early for us to make any kind of predictions. As we progress if we can garner more information we can provide more color on that. At this point our internal review and due diligence believe the case has no merit. Having said that the process has to unfold.
Kenneth Dahlberg: I think it is spotty. Certainly we feel like we got a fair deal with Atlan and RW Beck and we continue to pursue vigorously to leverage our balance sheet when we believe we have deals that are strategic as well as neutral or positive as far as earnings per share. The trend I think is getting a little better but it is a little early.
Kenneth Dahlberg: I think it is going to be a combination. I think clearly the administration is doing their best going through the vetting process. It doesn’t help when Congress is out but the activity should pick up again and frankly the healthcare debate is taking a bit more front and center of Congress’ time as with regard to concerning candidates. I do think there will be some more momentum there because the administration does have to fill those vacant slots. The other thing is there could be potentially some expiring monies. I don’t think there is any agency that doesn’t want to commit to funds that if they don’t would expire by the end of the fiscal year. In all categories we have begun seeing that early in Q3. The log jam seems to be breaking and we are seeing more adjudications of these contracts.
Kenneth Dahlberg: As I think I said in my remarks overall I think it is a positive for our company once it gets sorted out because we are not a big iron provider. We are a platform independent but we do cover the gamut from seeded to solutions provider. Depending on the customer, our strategy and the market size and the guidelines come back you have to be either fish or fowl we decide what side of that fence we want to go on and prosecute.
Kenneth Dahlberg: Having said that, this whole MRAP effort that started with getting those protected vehicles in the hands of our soldiers has really built a tremendous clout for our company and platform integration and especially quick react capabilities. So we are taking those kinds of tenets and hopefully trying to find ways where we can expand knowing the kind of capabilities that we have built.
Mark Sopp: The FCS did hold much stronger through the second quarter. Revenues were in the $80 million range to give you a sense of that. We project once the full effect of the reduction in scope takes effect we are on a pace of roughly $250 million per year, down from roughly $300 million per year today and there is some variability quarter-to-quarter based on [inaudible] order of magnitude. That is really consistent with what we said in our last call.
Mark Sopp: We are doing well in the first half this year versus the first half of last year for all the reasons we have articulated on both calls. The margins in the second half of the year are fairly consistent year-over-year and there was similar effect of the improvement in margins the second half versus the first half for the security products business. We are expecting a tiny bit of dilution in the margins from the acquisitions. That always happens with the purchased intangibles getting started. We also expect heavier [BMT] in the second half of this fiscal year compared to the second half last fiscal year.
Mark Sopp: The projects continue on schedule as planned. There is no disruption from the departure of the COO. The aggregate cost structure savings annualized for project alignment is $100 million. We have been consistent with that and we think we are tracking with that. We actually think there is some up side to that. We are doing well on those initiatives. I don’t think we get the full effect of that in fiscal 2011 but we get a good chunk of it. Those activities will continue into fiscal 2012. By and large we will be done at some point in that year.
Mark Sopp: I think it is very important so we will evaluate our success on that front in our next conference call and that will be baked into our forward view. Clearly the end of the government fiscal here we are expecting decisions to be made in the third quarter. We could handle it if it leaks into the fourth quarter as long as the budgets are in place and recover from there and still have our hard target attainable in the next fiscal year. A lot will be decided in these next forward six months for sure.
Mark Sopp: What I said was that the MAP would help or prevent further erosion of the decrease we are seeing in our original MRAP communications integration contract. I think we have said in previous discussions that our peak revenue under the original program was in the neighborhood of $40 million and going forward under just the MATV program should we win that it is in the order of $20-30 million at its best as far as we can tell now. So roughly a halving of the pace on an apples-to-apples basis, one program versus the other.
Mark Sopp: Good question. What I was trying to articulate was we would have 6-9% of our core business before the acquisitions in the second half. The new acquisition, Beck in particular, would dilute that by the numbers I shared but that all said, on a full year basis we still expect to achieve our target 6-9% range all-in.
Mark Sopp: I’m not sure I follow. What I would ask you to do is the last page of our release shows the calculation of internal growth. When you see how we reflect newly made acquisitions into our base period you would see how the effect of a decreasing revenue scenario would occur when you acquire a company that came off of a hot year and were expecting to lower going forward how it would reverse the effect of our internal revenue growth rate this year. I wanted to clarify that our core business still is performing strongly in the second half at 6-9% with some dilution from the acquisition but still on pace for the year as we said.
Mark Sopp: We expect improvement but I don’t want to quantify that number. The materials and subs are more volatile over a shorter period of time. We do expect improvement on labor as the new wins come in and as Ken said we have had a nice pace out of the gate here in the quarter which will drive labor growth.
Mark Sopp: Atlan is not significant at all. The Beck acquisition is on the order of $100 million annually on the lower base of hurricane activity which is implicit in this year’s projection.
