Chris Cage: Well, Rob, you know that we don't guide by segment, but I'll give you a little additional color commentary. First of all, we're planning on growth across all of our segments. And our leaders have signed up to that. We feel good about that. We're seeing strong demand and pipeline and bid opportunities really across all three segments: Defense Solutions, Civil and Health. On the margin front, we've been communicating this for some time. Health margins were overheated in '20 and '21. Those started to moderate down. You saw that in the fourth quarter that they're coming to a place that we believe is sustainable, and then we can build off of that going forward. So what I would tell you is that's how we see health playing out is in the mid-teens as we've communicated. But we're very focused in the other two segments about continuing to drive margin expansion, Defense Solutions and Civil. So that's generally how we see the year playing out. And hopefully, that gives you enough additional color commentary.
Chris Cage: Well, you nailed all the big players there, Sheila. So you're on top of it. First of all, I mean, the SSA team did an outstanding job, and couldn't be happier with the transition, the fact that the customer did the right thing. Let us get started in the fourth quarter, we're off and running, and we expect that to be a significant contributor to growth in 2023, so that is solid. RHRP, finally, we feel very confident that, that will start to ramp up here really at the tail end of the first quarter. There'll be some activity in March, but think about that as building from Q2 onward through the rest of the year. So that gives us solid growth momentum. [indiscernible] is still again early. I'd say the team is doing excellent work in QTC. The story got a little complicated last year because some of the pre-discharge work went to multiple competitors. We also have the international work that we won that's ramping up this year. So I'd say that's -- we expect growth in that area, but more color on that as we get a quarter or two down the road. And then, finally, DHMSM, this year, there's, I would say, towards the tail end of the year, we've got to continue to work to offset that ramp down on the deployment side, but the teams have been doing excellent work to expand the capabilities within the software that's been deployed. And so we're continuing to find opportunities to do that. I don't know, Roger, if there's anything more you'd add there.
Chris Cage: Well, Civil -- again, we talked a little bit on the prepared remarks about the security products area seeing some ramp up. And that will -- certain quarters will have more volume there. Certain quarters will have less, but that is always a nice contributor. Steady performance in our commercial energy business that has grown nicely quarter-over-quarter. It's higher margin work. Team does an excellent job there. And then just on the digital modernization side, AEGIS coming in, not one of our higher-margin programs, but it's a great base. A lot of employees go into work that helps absorb costs elsewhere, helps make other programs more profitable. And so we like the pipeline of additional digital modernization IT opportunities that we see in that unit as well. And lastly, everybody has been focused on cost management, Sheila, that was kind of the mantra across the company in the back half of the year, the civil team got to give them kudos. They went above and beyond and finding opportunities where they could drive efficiencies sustainably into the organization. And so we like how that performance is trending.
Chris Cage: You make it sound so easy, Bert, you're right. There are a lot of tailwinds, no doubt about it. But we…
Chris Cage: I would also point there's a couple of spots in our Intel business. It's been fairly public, the focus Fox (ph) procurement process. And while that has some room to go ahead of it still to see how that fully plays out. That's an area that could be -- put some pressure on revenue growth if it doesn't go our way. And then, we lost a program a year ago, and this is how long things take called items UFS. And so the good news is the Intel leadership team did a great job throughout 2022 to continue to support the customer during transition, but now we're fully rolled off that program. So that's a little bit of a headwind. But by and large, we've had great success on our recompetes. I really love the team's performance there. There are a lot of tailwinds that are known, but we also have seen customer behavior take longer. And especially if they're worried about the budget environment transitioning into government fiscal year 2024. So our hope is, we'll build momentum through the year. We'll have some successes, and we'll be able to update you in a positive direction.
Chris Cage: No. I mean, first of all, we've got an outstanding team running that program. And it's our largest program, as you can imagine, and we're only a year, 18 months into this thing. So the best days are ahead of it. To Roger's point, we're clearly identifying areas where there we can help support the mission and the customer better and that would lead to contractual actions and modifications. And let's just say, of course, we're interested in pursuing that, but at the pace that makes sense for the customer. So we're hopeful that there's -- we'll continue to see growth and margin improvement around that program as it moves into next year and the year after.
Chris Cage: Not a lot to add. I mean, Seth, obviously, you can tell from Roger's comments, which were mostly focused towards the future ‘24 we felt really good about how '23 Omnibus came out, and our Leidos affairs team does an excellent job, and we clearly were making sure members understood the importance of some of our key programs. And we like the way we came out. You don't get everything funded at the level that you'd like. But on balance, we thought we came out exceptionally well and well protected with key programs and that sets us up nicely for this year.
Chris Cage: Well, Ken, let me get started. Roger might pile on. So first of all, very proud of the team, second half of the year as a team, we really rallied and showed we're capable of on the cost control, margin improvement front. And quite honestly, that was despite the fact that we had some program areas where we could have done better. And so I think that gives us some confidence and momentum going into '23. Now a couple of things to keep in mind. The Health Group overall for the year finished still above 17% on margins. right? So fourth quarter was definitely more in line with what expectations are going forward. But earlier in the year, there was still some stronger performance from caseload and QTC and other things that drove that higher. So that will still moderate down a bit, but we do intend to capture the savings and the margin upside that we've been able to realize in other parts of the business. And we're not done in Defense Solutions and in civil for sure. And as we build our pricing, we have a rigorous process with our competitive intelligence team to kind of keep us in tune with where we need to be on a price to win front. We factor that in and making sure that we can remain competitive while still trying to capture some of the margin upside. So the guidance is balanced for next year. And again, there's momentum there. I wouldn't say there's any super low-hanging fruit on the cost reduction side because we do focus on that continuously. But there's still more that we can do, and we're focused on hitting that 10.5% long-term margin target or greater by 2024.
Chris Cage: Well, Cai, I mean, keep in mind, first of all, half of our revenue is kind of Leidos content. We've got subcontractors. We've got materials, right? So that's only a portion of the business that you're focused on the headcount growth. And that headcount growth that Roger talked about, the 2,400 people that we brought on last year was over the course of the year, right? We were adding them kind of pro rata throughout the year. So it's not like that's going to all be incremental heading into '23. But that being said, we have big plans around the additional heads that we plan on adding again this year. So the combination of factors, headcount should be up. You're correct. There's payroll growth on top of that, that gives you some upside, that immediately gets passed through on the cost reimbursable programs. You don't necessarily get uplift immediately on your fixed price programs. But that's part of the equation, too, that would suggest, if we're successful, we don't have any major losses, and we continue to win our fair share, we like the momentum that we see on the growth side.
Chris Cage: No, I think you covered it well. I mean the only thing I'd say, we wish customer contracting shops were more fully staffed. They're not in many cases. One path that we think has been successful is more use of Fed Sim. Fed Sim runs a good acquisition process. the rules are well defined. And so we've had some success with our teams competing in that arena, and we see more customers going in that direction.
Chris Cage: Yeah. Good question, Jason. So it does. When we acquired that -- the Australian Airborne business, we knew they were kind of halfway through a major investment in the mission management system software capability. We're continuing that investment. So that will be completed in '23, but that was fully factored in the valuation of the business. And so that's elevated for a period of time. Then as you know, I mean, just like the rest of Arbor business, there will be some preventative maintenance, ongoing normal maintenance CapEx that we'll spend there over time. But think of that as slightly elevated in '23, just to continue the full development of that capability. And then we've got additional CapEx in that number for our U.S. based airborne business as we're acquiring more capability, fitting it out to run more mission, and we're optimistic on some bids that we've put forward and some more that are in the pipeline there.
Roger Krone: Some of the manufacturing. We've had -- we've used a contract manufacturer for -- if you think about it for some of the lower level parts and then final assembly of some of the pieces of equipment. And with the Dynetics organization and the expertise we now have -- we're very, very comfortable with doing more of those operations internally. We have more control. We can manage the supply chain. Frankly, we think we can drive the cost down. And that's been part of our strategy, and we are having the conversations about a manufacturing center of excellence which I think really is a great part of the evolution of the company. And so we can look at, if you will, larger manufacturing like the provision system, which I'm sure you all go through and be very confident that we can build that well in-house.
Roger Krone: No, not really. Although, Sheila, I'm sure you've heard in the state of union address that the President talked about burn pits and making sure that we took care of veterans. And so it has been slow, but solid and we would expect that momentum to continue throughout the year. That's more likely to affect volume than margin. But we've seen, again, our volume hold up well in our exam business and look forward to another strong year.
Roger Krone: Sheila, I would add, if I could, because I know you followed us for a long time. What's been great about our civil business is that it's growing. And we have a base of business in that segment that is sort of infrastructure support business. We run Antarctica. We've got the Hanford contract. We do some other work for DOE. And as great that work is, it traditionally does not carry the margin of the rest of the company. And so as Civil grows top line, you see the margin increase because we're adding new business sort of at the margin and the mix is shifting in civil. So the more we grow civil and we hold the infrastructure business constant, the more growth in margin you're going to see. And the team there has done a great job of growing.
Roger Krone: We've always talked about the DHMSM program coming off the peak. One of -- by the way, I think one of the real marquee programs for the company, but we're better than half done now, and we will start to slow down as we have talked about in the past. And that program has just been such a great performance program for us, both top line and bottom line and frankly, delivering on time and on schedule to our soldiers. So that's one of the programs that's coming down.
Roger Krone: Yeah. I think that's a good way to build your model. And I was with a customer yesterday, actually, we had a long meeting on the program. We all want to move fast. This is about transitioning non-combat support organizations to new, what we call DoD net. And -- but we want to do it the right way. We want to do it when we're ready, and we all want to move fast because it will save money. It will help interoperability between all these support agencies, but we want to do it the right way. We don't want to create a negative user experience for all the people that are supporting the military. And so the discussion was, well, okay, are we -- can we move up some of the transformations and some of the transitions, and we're looking at that. So I think there is potential for it to be higher, but we're not guiding to that. And we'll talk to you quarter-by-quarter as to what our success has been and whether we've been able to increase the ramp. And I will tell you, we're very enthusiastic about it in '24 and '25. As it fully ramps and we're doing these conversions, how much more than what you described we can do in '23, we have yet to see. But I can tell you, the customer wants to move fast, we want to move fast. But we all know if you -- sometimes you move too fast and you create a negative user experience, you're really not serving the user well, and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Roger Krone: Well, again, Matt, with the growth we've had and the growth that we see ahead of us, there are some investments -- modest investments in working capital for a few particular programs. If we're able to win a program like FINS, for example, there's an initial amount of equipment that you have to procure and bring on board to support the customer. So there are a few things like that in our pipeline that we're anticipating. We finished the year at 58 days DSO, and that's good performance. I think there's opportunities to drive that even lower and we're focused on that as a finance team with our lines of business leaders. So we thought we'd start the year at $700 million. I mean it's not a never a slam dunk, but our focus is to continue to build momentum on the cash side. But nothing out of the ordinary as it relates to working capital investment, but there are a few programs that we are anticipating needing some support as we win them and grow them.
Roger Krone: Well, first of all, no, because we really haven't -- we haven't gotten to that level of planning where we've -- in order to have -- to quantify, we'd have to pick a date and then go through and figure out which programs would be deemed essential and which programs would not be deemed essential, then how we would go mitigating. What we do, and unfortunately, we have done this way too many times as we get our contracts organization, and we go through our 3,000 or so contracts and try to understand how each contract would perform in a government shutdown and some are easy. They're deemed essential. We know those will continue. Some we know will not be deemed essential. And then as part of our preparation, we start to have conversations with contracting officers about things that might be in the middle and work with them on ways that we could mitigate a shutdown. And it just behooves us to be prepared. And by the way, we have learned the better prepared we are, the less likely it is, we'll ever use the plan. but we would never want to maybe McCarthy and the President have a meeting. I think they're going to meet again in a couple of weeks. And if it comes out of that and we get to June, and we're not prepared, then we haven't done our job to manage through a government shutdown as best we can. And that's the process really that we have kicked off. And unfortunately, we have done this before. So we have a pretty well-developed playbook and we have gotten our playbook out and dusted it off.
Roger Krone: Absolutely. And Peter, we're all smiling because we actually do have chat GPT in our environment, and we debated whether we ought to talk about it. And it seems such a popular term now and I guess Microsoft is going to put it under being and really make a super search engine out of it. But I think what everyone needs to understand is those technologies are available to anyone who wants to use them. And I think the benefit goes to those people who capitalize on not only the money we spend internally, but the billions of technology money that's spent outside the company. And so we are very aggressively using things like chat GPT and other modern language AI platforms. And we've deployed robotic process automation in accounting, like in Chris' area. I mean we don't talk much about that. We're certainly doing it for customers. We're using it. I like to analyze images and all the applications that you can imagine. But we're also using it internally in our functions to be able to, if you will, use computers to do what we call the dull, the dirty and the dangerous, right, and free up the human, whether that be a financial analyst or an accountant or an imagery analyst or even a linguist, right, in our linguistic. Program do what the human does best, which is to add that cognitive discernment and then let the computers crunch through the gigabytes and petabytes and terabytes of data that we now collect.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Okay. Those are -- you two, I would say, lightly linked subject. So let me talk through them and I'll have Chris clean up after me when I make a mistake. But given the year and what's going on, on the Hill, I think the Omnibus is about the best we can expect. And my hope and our plan is McCarthy, the President find a way to raise the debt ceiling long before the June date. And the debt is really paying for past years for authorizations and appropriations that have already been made, commitments that the country has been made, and we're just funding the government. And that will probably fund it we're hoping a little bit higher than the 2023 levels. I think we can count on that. And as you know, it's always a discussion between defense and nondefense, and if we raise defense, then there's a group of elected officials who want to raise the non-defense budget at the equal amount. And that may tamp down a little bit of the raise in defense, but we're coming off such a robust defense budget this year that I think we will all do okay. Now how does that roll into Dynetics? And again, if you were down in Huntsville and I'll describe a little bit what you would have seen is a lot of productions that are in low rate initial stage of the program, where we're building the first age preproduction or production units that will be followed in '24 by a fairly aggressive ramp and significant production. We're talking instead of one a month, one a week, two a week. And we could go through the different programs. I won't do that now. Those monies are pretty much already authorized and appropriate, okay? Not in every case, I won't go program by program, but if we get an omnibus then the ramp that we talked about in December is certain because these are programs of records that will be fully funded. I won't go into all the scenarios if there's a debt ceiling or there's a reason and all the things that the government could do, which is certainly within the realm of possible. We think the high probability is they'll get an omnibus. It will have some growth in it. There may be a Ukraine supplemental depending upon how it goes and it certainly doesn't appear to be lessening. So they may cover those expenses with the supplemental as they have done in the past. And then our production ramps in '24, which are again, we think we're very pleased. I think they're very attractive. Those would be fully funded and we would see significant growth in Dynetics in '24, and I'll let Chris add to that.
Roger Krone: Yeah. I don't have much to add, Ken. I'll make a couple of points that I'm not sure we get the food stomp. So taxes and interest which I wish I could control, but I don't. That's like a $0.20 headwind on EPS. And we'll do all we can, and we've got a great tax department, and we'll see if we can mitigate that. Unfortunately, interest rates are up and the way we manage our balance sheet, we're in the market, we're always replacing expiring debt instruments, and so that creates a headwind. But really, our philosophy is if we can grow revenue faster than we grow our indirect costs, then we get better every year. And so growing the top line has really helped us control costs. We had really good growth in the second half. Again, we expect continuous growth for the rest of this year. And then the challenge is to control costs below revenue growth, but we've found -- like we have some costs that grow with the number of people right? And so one of our thoughts are we've had a business that was somewhat dependent on people to grow, right? And we've talked in the past about, well, we want a little bit more product mix. We wanted a little bit more diversity in our portfolio. Part of that is so that we can grow nonlinear with people -- and so if we have -- we get to the ramp in Dynetics where we're building more products, we can leverage our terrific workforce, but it's not one to one, and that allows us to grow faster than our indirect rates, and you can think about HR and benefits and all the things, the training programs that we have with our people. So that's just kind of our philosophy. And I think Chris did a good job of saying, we got fixed price and cost plus. And I'm sure you know how the mechanics are about what we have to give back based upon the contract type.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Sure, Cai. And, of course, it's early. And we've got about $34 billion of submits pending awards. And we had -- I don't know whether our submits of $23 billion last quarter was a record or not. I think it probably was. So we've got just a lot of things out there. And so we expect '23 to be at or better where we were in '22. And it's so early -- we start leaning forward and then we get hit with the protest and the program gets pushed out of ‘23 to ‘24, which we've certainly seen happen in the past. But we feel that '23 is going to be strong. And the '22 levels or better. There's always a couple of wild cards. It says you would win. There are a couple, I would say, maybe more sort of like 1 square over that we could win that would really fuel the top end. We didn't really put those in our plans and our guide. What we're trying to do is to build a balanced guide around what we see in the portfolio. And again, clearly above one for the year, again, as it has been for years and years and years, but the potential for a very strong year. And then we'll just -- we've got fans, which still hasn't been awarded and we're hopeful that FIS will be awarded soon. I'll tell you, Cai, without going into the details, there's a program that has been under protest that we thought would be awarded in first quarter. And the customer just asked us to extend our pricing to next year. So there's -- as enthusiastic as we are. Every once in a while, we do get disappointed and the protest process and the adjudication court of federal claims tends to damp down some of our enthusiasm. And so in the first quarter, we're going to be thoughtful about what we put out there. But you know the number, 35, 36 in backlog, 34 awaiting award, our strong submits. And we'll have a very strong submit year in '23 as well.
Roger Krone: Yes. Well, that's great. I mean Louie, you really are following things well, and I think you really understand our programs. I would add to that, we have some unmanned vehicles that are made of Dynetics. By the way, we have some counter drone programs that we probably exposed to a little bit to when you were down in Huntsville, where we actually have a radar on Jeep and we launch a drone, and it can go -- or attack another drone. And so -- but we see exactly what you see is the use of uninhabited vehicles under the water on the surface in the air, and we'll call it in the rare air, up between 60,000 and 80,000 has -- first of all, I will tell you that it has been robust. There's been a lot of work already done. The MUUV is a program of record. So we won that, that's a program of record that's fully funded. The Sea Hunter and the autonomous vehicles in the Navy are not yet programs of record but the Navy is doing a lot of experimentation. They're doing some things in the Mid-East that have really demonstrated some capabilities. As you have mentioned, we've done a lot with Sea Hunter Sea Hawk and Sea Innovator. And we believe there is a strong demand for those. I think for us, on the surface. The next thing for us may not be a full program of record, but they may buy additional vehicles to extend their experimentation, which they can do under an OTA that would happen much faster. But I believe that the Navy is committed to having a significant percentage of their fleet both unmanned and optionally manned. And our autonomy software and the things that we have demonstrated really set us up well to capitalize on that and to bring them the capability that they need. There are a couple of other programs. There's MUSV, there's LUSV that are out there. They are going through their development processes. But to get all the way to the program of record, I think, is years away, but that doesn't mean that the Navy won't be spending funds to further their understanding and to experiment with unmanned capabilities, and we would be right in the middle of those activities. So Louie, thanks for the question.
