James Reagan: Sure. For next year, Joe, we don't see significant headwind related to COVID. And you know, as we've said in the call, we are really finding ourselves within - with a reduction in run rate in indirect expenses, strong program execution. And in terms of how we're thinking about next year, I want to make sure I reiterate the fact that this is really preliminary. And it's based on where we see the numbers penciling out for next year, we're right in the middle of our planning process. And you know, right now, we're seeing some ability to sustain the strength and margins that we're seeing in the third quarter. The only real headwinds that are worth pointing out right now that we have to be cognizant of is, that we have a couple of very large new programs ramping in the coming year. And as we've said before, typically margins on those programs can be as low as low single digits. We think of our entire company, as a portfolio of programs. And, while there are a number of programs that have margins that continue to increase, that we do have a couple of big programs where we have early stage margin pressure that typically starts to resolve itself after the first couple of years of these long-term programs. And that's really what that reflects. We feel like, given the portfolio that we have, we're definitely going to be seeing strengthening margins into next year.
James Reagan: Just to amplify what you said, Roger, the Dynetics business is performing in some metrics better than we expected on some – or spot on and we're pleased with how that business is accelerating through integration. And as you said, that's tempered with the other acquisition which is seeing some of the COVID-19 impacts, not so much with win rates, but more how some awards and some deliveries have been pushed out as a result of the pandemic. Thanks.
James Reagan: Yeah. So in particular defense and civil revenue drivers, both for - actually for, you know, the back end of this year and into next. Some program wins that represented takeaways, and growth in existing programs are really the drivers. And we had an Air Force takeaway. For example, I'll just give you a couple of examples. Something called ACC ISR, which was a takeaway. There's a contract in CBP, that is a traveler vetting system contract that we won. And these are the kinds of things that are providing us organic growth. And again, that's in the defense business. If we want to think about it in the civil, inorganically, obviously, it's SD&A. But there's also some growth of existing programs that we're looking at for next year, and the DOE. The NETL contract is one example. And then also we have some expansion in our MSA contract there as well. So those are the things that had been driving revenue growth. But you know, probably also interesting is margin expansion, that we're seeing both in those two businesses and really across the whole portfolio that has to do with really strong program performance and effective management of indirect costs, as we kind of work through the pandemic. And these have been things that have more than offset some of the headwinds that we've had from COVID-19. And it really is a testament to the program teams and the management team that are out there driving those improvements.
James Reagan: Yeah. So for the full year, the impact of our AR monetization facility is going to be zero. Previously, we had included in our guidance, a $300 million add that shows up in operating cash flow, that is in effect the sale of our receivables at a very, very low cost of capital. And we don't need to do that now to maintain the level of liquidity that we want. We've got ample liquidity, so we don't need that anymore. So you can think about, the $1.2 billion guide that we have today as being a $300 million improvement from a performance standpoint versus where we were last quarter.
James Reagan: Yeah. Jon, we'll have more to say about that when we issue our guidance at the end of the fourth quarter of call. We were purposeful in not putting all the details out there, because we're still working through that. I would tell you that this year has been benefit - has been benefited significantly by the ability to defer taxes into next year. And we'll have a lot of the moving parts for that available, when we give you the kind of a walk of this year's cash flow to next year. Another thing you have to remember is that next year, we're not going to have a repeat of VirnetX. That was $80 million. So, the strength of this year's cash conversion is really been on the backs of the CARES Act legislation, VirnetX strong program performance and our continued focus on monetizing receivables, getting things built faster, getting them collected faster. So now, we always have these things that I refer to as recurring, non-recurrings, but we just - we can't plan those. But who knows what next year's tailwind on cash flow might be. But like I said, we'll have more to say about that in next quarters call.
James Reagan: Yeah, I'll answer the first part of that question. And Roger, can speak to the second half about what we might be interested in. But out of the $1 billion raise, we paid off debt to the tune of 750. And we left $250 million in the cash account to give us the kind of flexibility that we're talking about. And then Roger can speak to the kinds of things that could represent tuck-ins. We don't have anything specific. But, you know, like I said, we want to have some flexibility. And that's why we're keeping some cash around.
James Reagan: Well, Rob, we don't - as we've said before, we don't guide by segment, right. But to speak to it qualitatively, it is - it really is based on - you know, we're kind of halfway through or near, maybe two thirds of the way through planning for next year. And the, the early returns that are coming up from the units are consistent with kind of what the top down math looks like. Strong book-to-bill over the last 12 months, the contract claims haven't gotten longer. We have some really big enterprise IT programs that are ramping. And, with those we could easily pencil out growth to the tune of what we said earlier on the call. But by segment, today we're seeing expanding margins across each one of our segments. And we think that next year could have some strong organic growth across the entire business, because we're – and we're pleased that across the portfolio, everything has strong book-to-bills, and that translates to strong organic growth next year.
James Reagan: We haven't provided anything specific. I can tell you that the change in the expectation on COVID-19 in 2020, is the revenue impact is going to be a little bigger, but it isn't materially bigger and that operating income impact on COVID-19 for the full year is a little bit lower, because of the recovery that we've seen in Q3 being a little bit faster than we had expected when we talked to you a quarter ago.
Roger Krone: Maybe a little, we have a program with the FAA, that we say it's going to award any week, and then we don't know which week. I think our book-to-bill was probably impacted more by protests. One of those program was – is was the second protest. And we had sort of hoped that we had answered all the issues from the first protest. And we're optimistic that we would have booked that in the quarter, and it turned out that, that didn't happen. Then maybe NextGen got delayed about another two weeks. So I just - there's always some delays to the ride, you know, even in good times before COVID. Within a given month, it's a little bit unpredictable. And with the government's fiscal year, there was stuff that was trying to get out within the quarter and it slid. We think we'll pick most of that up in fourth quarter. And we haven't seen from the customer activity, like an effect from, I don’t know whether we call ourselves in a second wave or third wave or whatever you want to call, where we are now. But it certainly - you know, I don't see things accelerating, but I think they're kind of going at the usual pace. So for us, really the 1.3 really is a protest story. Thanks, Joe.
Roger Krone: Yeah, our base assumption is that we get a another CR on 11th of December, it includes 3610. And frankly, it probably goes to March. We get through whatever happens tomorrow. And that's - its effect on January. And, you know, it's either the current administration and they have a lot of vacancies they want to fill, or it's a new administration, they've got vacancies, I think our assumption is you're going to see other way, all the way through that until they fill out their leadership team. And so it could be March, it could be even beyond that. And there is precedence for this. We've seen it before. So it's fully baked into our thoughts about the future. And that means you will be halfway through the government fiscal year before you actually get a bill. But again, we've all been doing this a long time, we've seen it before. And frankly, there may even be an advantages, because if we get a CR, then everybody holds on to the budgets that they had last year, and you don't see a lot of reprioritization amongst different programs at different agencies. So no I don't see much impact.
Roger Krone: Yeah, well, I'm happy to share our numbers. So 97% of our team is back at work on regular hours. So we have really only about a percent and a half at a reduced standing. And that's the people that would really be affected by 3610. And then we have a 1.5 is kind of miscellaneous, just some structural things. And so it's really not a big impact for us anymore. I think that's - we've seen that across the industry, and certainly our peers in these agencies. I think it - there's some things around 3610 that maybe more important for some of the bigger aerospace primes, relative to factories and things. But that doesn't affect many of our programs. Because of the nature of our work, which is really, people come into work. And you know, they're writing software and doing mission and things like that. And so not as important as it was at the beginning of this journey, which still be nice to have. And - but we don't see a major impact.
Roger Krone: Yeah, and we've talked about at the last quarter, and I’ll just reiterate some of our themes. If you're in support of legacy programs within DoD, I mean, that’s probably not a great place to be, you want to be an emerging technologies, I think, regardless of who gets elected. And the Biden campaign is, you know, come out and said, they're not looking to cut defense. And we think that's true, that means that they are not going to cut it. They probably wouldn't grow it as fast as a second Trump administration would. Then they're shifting our priorities. I think Biden is going to kind of go back to international alliances and maybe reopen trade. I think Trump will continue what he has done. We think, in any administration, pandemic response, health care, civil infrastructure, we think our return to the moon program is strongly supported, by the way from both sides of the aisle, both administrations have said that. And, I've said this in many, many calls is, everybody gets elected or re-elected, you know, with hopes and ambitions and a set of priorities, and then you walk in the office, and you're faced with a record deficit, there is a 8%, 9% unemployment, and, you know, you're on the precipice of a recession. And so I think either administration is going to look for another CARES Relief Act. I think the tax increase which is reported in the Biden administration will be delayed, because the last thing I want to do is tamp down economic growth, because that's how we pull ourselves out of this large unemployment. And so I actually think that 2021 looks a lot like 2020. And 2022, is already in planning. Its in what we call the Palm and EPP [ph] cycle, if you talk to customers, they've already put their budgets in for ‘22. And of course, our backlog takes us well into ‘23, and ‘24, before our programs start to be affected. And so there will be changes in priorities, more civil infrastructure, I think we got to get pandemic response ready, and that CDC and organizations like FEMA, and NIAID and USAID and NIH, all of which we have been carefully positioning the company with a balanced portfolio to be able to address what would be a shifting priorities in the federal government. And so we're very happy with where we're positioned, and we're going to continue to stay up late tomorrow night, and see who got elected, but I think we're going to be in great shape by the way.
Roger Krone: Sheila before Jim answers that, I'll just comment when the kids come around on Halloween dressed as a calendar in 2020, nobody wants to repeat what we did this year.
Roger Krone: Okay, Cai, let me see if I can get these right. First of all, the total number we have in protest is about $9.3 billion. So if you add all the programs that we have collectively. The - what we call RHRP program is rounded to a $1 billion, give or take a little bit and it doesn't mean that's exactly what we'll book when we achieve the protest. And I think that's in January, right, we don't get that till January. And then the other program we refer to it as STAMP, which stands on, of course, for something is about $600 million, 650 million. And then, of course, you add NextGen to that at about eight [ph] maybe a little less that 7778 and that gets you to about $9.3 billion. And I think the STAMP, we're hopeful will happen in fourth quarter. So if it doesn't get reprotested, which we're getting used to. But then maybe NextGen you didn't ask, I touched on it in my remarks. We're kind of - whether it's before Thanksgiving or after Thanksgiving, it's hard to tell. You do oral arguments. The Court of Federal Claims is not - you can't set your clock by it, like you can with the GAO. And so we'll go to oral arguments, and then we're in the hands of the judge, and he can make a rule and anytime after oral arguments, you know, from that day to probably a couple of weeks.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Cai, that certainly was a factor. I don't know whether it's 20 or 30 bps, maybe something like. I mean, it's a little hard to put our finger on it. But clearly made a difference. And our medical costs are down double-digit millions. And the challenge for all of us - and it's all relatively good. The challenge I think for us and for the industry is to decide what comes back and what doesn't. We're at somewhere between 25% and 50% occupancy in our buildings, and we're running just fine. We have 65% of our employees are telecommuting, and they're doing reasonably well, I think, you know, actually very well. And we start to look at 2021 and say, we need less real estate. We don't need to go to all the trade shows that we've been to or at least not in person. Some of the virtual work that we've done on AUSA and AFA have worked actually extremely well. We've actually talked to more general officers because you consume them and you can do one right after another and they don't get caught in somebody else's show booth, right. So we are really taking a look at the lessons learned. And we want to capture and internalize significant portion of that reduction in our margin going forward. And I think you're seeing that across the board.
Roger Krone: Yeah. You know, Jon, we're always working a pipeline of where do we want to be? What are the technologies that support the programs that we see 3 and 5 years out, and then we take a look internally, within what we call our tactical core competencies, and whether we're deep enough or not. There tends to be kind of a make by decision and time to market. And there's - you know, at any given time, we'll have a half a dozen $50 million to $250 million deals kind of in a pipeline. And some are in diligence, some were just - were wishful. And, you know, don't really have anything to say. At this time, of course, we never comment on M&A anyway. But I don't think anything that's going to surprise you. I mean, you've been listening to the calls, you know, where we're moving. And digital transformation, hypersonic space, cyber, physical cyber, electronic warfare, that the whole list that we've been talking about for a long time. And there are some companies that have been in kind of PE or venture capital that are looking for liquidity event. And by the way one point I made before maybe interesting to remind everyone, usually the companies that we buy, we've had a relationship with for a long time. We do over and under, they might be a sub to us. We've probably been working with these companies for 5 years, some up to a decade. And we know the management team well, we know the technology well. And especially the culture of the company, culture is really a big thing for us and want people that will fit with our organization. We're a little different. Because we're employee-owned for so long, with sort of a more of an open collaborative culture and culture is really big deal for us. But - and if it doesn't work out, that we're happy to have them in a partnership relationship going forward. But that's kind of what we're looking at.
Roger Krone: Hey, Rob, let jump on the back of that is, given our last two quarters and what happened in our health business and the amount of time we spent with the community on how the exam business works, and we tried to be as transparent as we could, is it - if we get to the point where our clinics are shut down, we can't do exams. And so we went through that period, as of course, everyone saw. But those, as we have said, we said on last call, which is repeated again, the exams don't go away. Those disability exams, whether Department of Labor or for the veterans or for Workman's Comp still have to get done. And so we're now faced with sort of an inventory of exams, we have to work our way through. And so we're fortunate we ended the third quarter at higher than COVID levels, although for the quarter, we were probably kind of at or about where we were before, starting lower, ending higher. But we now have to work through that inventory of exams. And that's going to take us well into ’21 to do so. So again we tried to be transparent with everybody when we had to shut down the clinics and what we’ll look like when we're open, we're now reopened, all of our clinics are open. We still have PPE and we don't have to have appropriate protocols, because the pandemic is clearly alive and well out there. But we expect sort of the tailwind, certainly from the exam business to go significantly under ‘21.
Roger Krone: Yeah. I'll touch a little bit and then maybe if we have time at the end, you can ask a second question. Yeah, I - and I get, you know, I always get wrapped up when you use the word service. I want to stop and talk about, the lower end services is not the business that you find the Leidos in, is that we tend to be mission-focused. We don't do services, right. We do solutions and we partner with our customers on mission. But a comment, maybe we're leading to is like what will happen in the AOR in the Middle East and, you know, Trump had made a commitment to pull troops down and there have been troops, we have reduced our footprint in the Middle East. And I think we all anticipated that that is likely to continue. I think under either administration, the number is not going to go to zero. And part of what we do is we provide support not for the US troops, but for the Afghans. Some of our aviation programs are in direct support of Afghan operations by Afghanis. But we could see sort of a slowing down of some of the work that we do in theater, which, frankly, is a wonderful thing. It means we don't have troops at risk. But the customers are going to take that obligation authority, and they're going to spend it in other areas, they may spend it in modernization, which is great for us, because we're well positioned in the future of our customers. But what we have all learned is that if a quiets down in Iraq and Afghanistan, it's going to get hot someplace else. And unfortunately, history has told us is that there's always a place to deploy troops. But I will tell you that we have been fortunate to subtly shift our portfolio out of that very, very low end and our OCO numbers are very small. And, and so we're fairly well insulated to what I would call that pure services play, if that were to be de-emphasized in the budget.
Roger Krone: Yeah. And again, why don’t I let you go and we'll come back. I would simply say, we haven't seen it. Our support contracts to the army is doing fine. I think there's some things around army and strengths and, you know, requires a longer conversation rather than I use everybody else's time. But, Rob, maybe we'll call you after the call when we can talk a little bit more about what we think is going on in the army.
Roger Krone: You know, it's a little early for us to know with specificity, that part of what we call our security products business, which is actually being integrated in with the legacy Leidos business. I think that right now, we're not viewing that as being a big grower for next year, just because of what we think of is kind of that hangover from COVID-19. However, yeah, we can probably have more color on that in the next call as we have more visibility into how well the order pipeline has developed.
Roger Krone: It's been terrific. We went to a virtual hiring platform. We do virtual new employee orientation. We've got employees who are part of the company or working from home who have never been to a Leidos building. And we're very, very fortunate that people see what's going on with the company. They understand our culture. They love the work, they love working together, and they love the workplace flexibility that we now offer. And so hiring has not been a constraint for us. We were hoping that we would have had Navy, NextGen in our portfolio by now. That is going to require a significant, literally above 1000 people. And we hope that will be our problem next year. And we'll add that. And of course, we've added a lot of people through the acquisitions that Dynetics and the SD&A. All told between direct hiring and acquisitions, we'll probably add around 9000 people this year.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Okay. I'll try to be short, because I know we're running late. But first of all, you raised the unobligated balance, by our numbers it's $130 billion. So there's a ton of budget overhang of, if you will unspent prior authorized balances. So add that to the CR, and you see your way through ‘21 and ‘22. And clearly at our Investor Day, we were talking 5%, we're kind of - our conversation now begins at 10, and goes north from there. We run the same scenario, as everybody else does, what is the federal deficit, what it takes to get to a balanced budget. Those numbers are in such large magnitude, I mean, you could remove the NASA budget completely, and you don't even make a dent. So we have some longer structural things as a country that we need to better understand, and there are some inflation, that has to happen. And so you can pay debt off 10 years with inflated dollars and things. But what we have heard talking both administrations and the Hill is we need economic growth, that's what's going to get us back on firm footing. And you can't make huge reductions in federal spending, and get the economic recovery that you need over the next three to five years  So we may see a little bit of top line temperament. But I think the big change that we're going to see is, if Biden were to get elected versus Trump, a reprioritization of what is a federal government budget that grows kind of with GNP, so you're talking 2.7%, 2.8%, maybe 3% GNP growth, and if you plot history, President to President, the federal government spending is pretty constant, what changes his priorities within the two administrations are within different administrations. And, you know, we think we've done a really good job of portfolioing this company so that we can shift to more health and infrastructure if a Biden government were to go in that direction. We've talked a lot, I don't want to go on too much. But I don't think you solve the deficit problem with spending, I think you're going to have to find sources of revenue. And everybody says, oh, that means taxes. And we said, yeah, probably eventually, we could see the corporate rate start to creep back to where it was. But other sources of revenue, like users fees and parks and things like that, it's just what's going to have to happen. Its going to take some smarter people than I to figure out how we pay off these trillions and trillions of dollars that we borrowed to keep people employed. So but with that, I think we again we got to wrap it up, but we can follow up with you on one on one.
