James Reagan: Yes, first is that the guide does include our expectations for the ramp-up of NASA NEST. The guide does not include the commercial cyber business. And in terms of the -- our EBITDA margin expectations for the year, it reflects the fact that in 2019, we've got a number of programs, the Army Corps of Engineers program, NASA NEST, just to name a couple of them, where the ramp-up of those programs typically has lower margin than for the life of the program, and we've been historically pretty conservative in setting those -- the profit take-up levels early in the program as we plan on some contingencies. As programs reach the end of their lives and we start to wind them down, that's typically when you get more liquidation of risk, and we pick up some write-ups, as you've seen us historically have in the past.
James Reagan: Sure, Krishna. Thanks for the question. The two big things that occurred in 2018, which are not recurring in 2019, and that's reflected in the go-forward guide. First, we -- as part of monetizing the balance sheet, we took $60 million of cash for interest rate swaps that we could monetize in conjunction with extending the term of our term loan facility. The second thing is we had some opportunities to monetize some deferred tax assets. Now these were tax assets that were fully reserved anyway. So -- but that was $65 million of cash that we pulled in. That's also reflected in the GAAP -- I'm sorry, the GAAP effective tax rate of about 4.5%. So those things aren't for recurring, although we are always looking for opportunities to improve on our tax rate. So those are the big things.  And then there are also a couple of items, and they're primarily program related. One of the large contracts that we just won will require us to buy some assets, and that's a roughly $40 million cash flow headwind that we will end up recouping over the life of the program.
James Reagan: Sure. Well, Rob, I'll remind you, we don't guide by segment. But what I can give you some color on is, first of all -- because we're expecting all of the segments to be growing with some fairly large program wins, as I mentioned when I was answering Cai's question, some of these larger programs tend to have margin profiles that ramp up as we increase the operating efficiency of these contracts. We're probably expecting a little bit more growth in the Health segment and in the defense segment as compared to the other segments of the business because of the large program wins that we've had and the pace of the ramp-up in both defense and in Health. As Roger mentioned, we're getting a full point of growth just off of the DHMSM program, so I think that, that helps you with kind of setting up what the growth profile is like of the segments.
James Reagan: Well, you mean -- I think what I'm understanding, you're wondering, well, what could give rise to the low end. What could give rise to the high end? Well...
James Reagan: Yes, I mean, we've got a lot of bids that are -- we've $20 billion of bids outstanding at the end of the year. One of them, we've already pulled in from bids outstanding and into backlog, and there's the NASA NEST program, which was a takeaway, meaning it's obviously additive to our growth profile. That's reflected in our guide. And I think that the high end would be achieved if we kind of ran the table on the big ones and set us up for a 2020 that is growing at or potentially above what we're guiding to now.  On the low end, it would be a significant drop in our win rates. And we -- for the last year, we've been experiencing win rates that reflect, first, a very competitive cost position that is now showing up in the velocity of new awards. The second is we have a well-defined set of technical differentiators that is probably more prominent in our win rates than the cost competitiveness. And third, the efficiency of our business development process is not only yielding great technical scores, but it is reducing the cost that we need to put into winning X dollars of new backlog. So I mean, those 3 things are really bearing out what I think gives us the confidence of at least the midpoint of our revenue guide, if not a little bit more.
James Reagan: Sure. Well, we always like to hit the guidance down the middle of the fairway. The NASA NEST win certainly gives us a little bit more confidence as it's yet another takeaway win, which builds the revenue volume and adds to our growth. So just to put a little bit more color on my comments of just a minute ago, I will repeat continuing to run at high win rates on takeaway and new business work, new contract awards that are kind of new to our peer group. That's one. And we have -- we continue to see really great results in win rates that reflect to the execution in our business development teams. Going back to one of the things that could be a dampener of our growth rate and that would be if the clearance process slows down or if the hand off from OPM to DoD doesn't go as I think DoD or we would expect, I think that, that could be one risk factor to revenue growth.  And then the second one would be kind of a change in the success that we've been experiencing in business development. That an dour hiring processes, so far, we're pleased with what we are seeing out of our recruiting teams. But if the labor market has a sudden tightening from where we see it today, that could slow down our ability to hire people needed to execute on contract backlog.
James Reagan: Yes, well, you just mentioned, Hanford and probably the other large recompetes that we have is GSM-O, which we don't disclose the dollar values of both the revenue run rate or the margin details at the contract level. But clearly, GSM-O, gizmo, would be one that we're planning on rewinning. And if we get surprised on that one, that could be a dampener, not so much for 2019, though, but more for 2020, as that contract, regardless of the outcome is going to continue to run well into 2019 for us.
James Reagan: Yes, Greg, we don't provide headcount targets. I can tell you that, yes, compared to what our internal targets are, we're doing well in growing our direct employees compared to our plan. And then the other thing on wage inflation, we do put a plan in place for growth in market salaries that is consistent with the benchmarks that we see published externally. And so far we're not seeing any pressure on those assumptions that we have on our plan. It -- the market is, obviously, pretty competitive for the kinds of people we are hiring. But given our scale and given the breadth of different things that people can work on here at a competitive salary and benefit structure, so far, we're able to achieve our hiring numbers.
James Reagan: Yes, so the way, first of all, we think about DHMSM is that 1 point of growth is inclusive of the -- our guidance implies 5% growth. That number includes roughly a point for DHMSM. The second point to commercial cyber, the commercial cyber number, that midpoint of growth would be higher if you back the commercial cyber number out of our 2018 results. But at this point, we have to keep those -- those numbers confidential per terms of our agreement with the buyer.
James Reagan: And then relative to the currency question, we don't see currency as being a material headwind or tailwind for 2019. There was a little bit of a headwind in 2018, but I wouldn't call it material with respect to the overall number. Just a reminder that international or foreign-denominated contracts are roughly 10% of our overall business.
James Reagan: Joe, great question and the short answer to it is -- to both parts of your questions is yes. For us, we have less interest in a pure-play services business, especially one that looks, in terms of its customer footprint, a lot like us. We don't need more of what we've got. We can compete and expand the business that we have just fine on our own. The things that we're looking for to build the company inorganically would be the kind of company with both a services and product, a product differentiator that bolts in well with the kind of work that both the target company and we do. A pure product company could also be of interest to us. In -- although I would say that the ones that we've been interested in to this point tend to have some kind of service element to them, but I wouldn't say that we're not interested in -- I wouldn't say we'd shy away from a pure product business if it was strategically -- if it fit our strategic criteria.
James Reagan: And to pile on there, Jon, about 2/3 of our pipeline is either new work or what I call OPB, other people's business. And so with 2/3 of that representing not -- things that are other than just keeping and recompeting our existing work, to Roger's point, I think that the profile of the pipeline certainly speaks well for some growth opportunity.
James Reagan: Yes, Krishna, I think that if you compare where we sit today and looking at the M&A pipeline, I wouldn't say anything different about it compared to what I said last quarter or the quarter before that. We've got an M&A team internally that is looking at ideas that are consistent with our strategy. But we're very focused on doing good deals, not just deals for the sake of prosecuting a pipeline. So a couple of other factors that I would point out to answer your question: We are very comfortable with our leverage today, and we have plenty of dry powder and ability to take on more leverage, particularly at today's rates, to buy the right kinds of assets. But with that said, we're also not going to sit around waiting for something to come under contract before we make a decision on whether to deploy. So you could see a year -- we could be looking back on 2019 as being a year when we made a couple of acquisitions or an acquisition. But we also were able to deploy capital with some buyback and the normal level of debt buyback.
Roger Krone: Yes, great. Cai, I'd be happy to take that one. So yes, we're really pleased with the program, our relationship with the customer, solid support in DHA for moving forward, a lot of enthusiasm over what's happened at the IOC sites, and how we've learned from our initial deployments. We have agreement on a full schedule for deployments. We're currently working on -- what we call Wave 1. We've identified the different groups of hospitals we're going to deploy to. We expect Wave 1 to go live in the fall. The next wave, not to confuse you, was actually going to be Wave 4, and we'll expect to start that later in the year. And then we should be running a new wave about every 6 months. At any one time, we will be in deployment of two waves concurrently.  A lot of great discussions with our customers. We've got agreement on the go-forward plan. We should be fully deployed by 2025 and, Cai, as you know, the program is expected to extend to about -- excuse me, 2023 fully deployed, and the program runs through 2025. I know you've often asked in the past about sort of a ramp-up in revenues, and we expect to see that this year. But maybe we'll give a sort of a point at a top line, something like that. And again, very enthusiastic about the program, great relationship with our customer, DHA. Their strong commitment to put this technology in place to increase the health care for our active military.
Roger Krone: Hey Rob, it's Roger. Just a quick follow-up on the NASA program. We are still in that kind of unique period between announcement and debrief and the protest period, so we have a couple more days to go to see whether one of the competitors is going to file a protest. So we haven't exactly put that into backlog yet. And when we do, it's a single-award IDIQ, and we'll probably book the first cash order there just so that people don't go out and put $2.9 billion in backlog. It's probably likely in the order above -- in the hundreds of millions, not in the billions. But that's just a technical point I wanted to make sure that I was clear in my comments, that it's still subject to protest. Thanks.
Roger Krone: Well, Rob, that's a great question, but it's one we haven't had for a while. Well, NASA NEST is clearly one. That is a program that really has come out of capabilities that came across in the merger with IS&GS and the combination of some of the things that we had done on the technology side and the cyber, and the relationship that IS&GS had with the end user at NASA is part of that. I would say, I think our probably of win on Hanford is enhanced by bringing the company together. Clearly, that was heritage IS&GS contract, but I think we added more innovation in our offering. You can look at maybe next gen, I think, with the same view, a program we might or might not have bid as stand-alone Leidos but clearly felt we had a compelling offering to bring forward to the program. And just to kind of round out the SENS3 program and the Department of Homeland Security, one that we won last year. I think I would put in synergy we won an ABIS contract, which is an Army biometrics win, which is a collection of sort of IT and technology to be able to recognize individuals based upon biometric senders, a whole host of classified wins. I talked to AI/ML through my comments, and that has been of particular interest in the intelligence community, and it's led to some wins there as well. So really a lot of -- we talk a lot about synergy, but a lot of cross linkages of the 2 business and a lot of strength in things that we can go after that we couldn't have gone before, and then overall increase in our RFP win.
Roger Krone: Well, okay, complex question. Let me see if I can unpack you a little bit, then I'll look to Jim. Let's see, we have a pipeline and we kind of filter against the pipeline. And we look at the structure of the contract and our ability to generate at or our target over the life of the program. We are in a fortunate position where we can decide what to bid and what not to bid. We've talked in the past about staying away from what we used to call lowest price, technically acceptable because it traditionally has lower margin and frankly, it's probably not the work that we are best equipped to do. We become interested in a program where we can create a point of difference through our discriminators, our technology, our cost structure and our size. And as such, we hope over the life of the program, right, to be accretive to our long-term EBITDA margin. The -- I think it was Jon who talked about Hanford. There are some programs, just by their nature, are going to be lower. Hanford is one of them. Has always been, that particular customer, just views the programs differently. Hanford's a very important program to us. We use it for a lot of past performance quals by which a hugely important program for the nation in cleaning up the 600 square mile site in southeast Washington is really, really important work.  But generally, we are looking at the portfolio and the pipeline with an eye to 10% or better on EBITDA. I think you reemphasize is that often, when we get started, we're more thoughtful about our booking rate and how we ramp up. And if programs are going to have transition issues, it's usually in the first year or so. So it behooves us, and I think everyone in the industry does this, to be more thoughtful about our earnings rate in the early contract. But because of our technological differentiators, we have the luxury to go after higher value-added work, which typically carries more margin with it.
Roger Krone: Well, yes, there -- Secretary Shanahan is in, I think, in the first year or 2, they were looking at operational capability rate and getting the fleet and other hardware back up to a higher operational tempo. We certainly benefit from that. They're now focused towards buying end items, ships and tanks and airplanes, but not necessarily at the expense of their operational tempo. What really excites me is the digital transformation that's going on not only in the Department of Defense but across federal space, very large. They have gone to operate more efficiency, to open up more total obligation authority to buy hardware and to pay troops and to defend the country. And that's right in our sweet spot. We're really, really good at digital transformation, move to the cloud, software-defined networks, and that gets us excited. But we're also seeing a bit of a shift in how, I think, the department views the threat and a lot of discussion, if you read the National Security Strategy is what we call the physical and the kinetic threat is still important, but the virtual threat is becoming even more important, what's going on in cyberspace, some of the newer technologies. And that fits really well with where we are. We're not necessarily a company that builds tanks and big aircraft carriers and things like that. We are much more in the soft technologies, software, cyber, areas like that, electronic warfare, and we see increased spending in those areas.
Roger Krone: Yes, I think so. So this is Roger. And if you've been following our story for a while, you know that about two years ago, we had lost some programs that we thought were franchised. And it really caused us to go back and look at our whole business development process from cradle to grave. And we looked at what we call our win plan, how we write proposals, the staff that we had, how we view the competitive discriminators. And as we've said frankly often on this call over the past several quarters, we kind of started over. We took a clean sheet and Gerry Fasano and now Roy Stevens in business development, and we looked at why we were winning, and why we were losing, and how we presented our competitive discriminators. Even down to what bids that we were bidding on and whether we really felt we had a compelling point of difference on those bids. And I would say I think we've gotten better across the board, better in identifying the opportunity, putting it in the pipeline, working early in the bid process with the customers to understand what their compelling needs actually were. And then just the way we go about actually structuring and writing a proposal, how we deal with the proposal center, how well we represent our capabilities in between the front cover and the back cover of the proposal.  Another point that we made that's really all the way through this journey from the acquisition is there was, I think, a thought that IS&GS, the Lockheed business, had become less cost competitive in some of the bids that they had made kind of being tucked inside a large OEM. And we had huge emphasis on bringing their overhead and SG&A their wrap rates down to where we had been historically. And we look at our wins and our losses, we do a lot of forensics. And I wouldn't say we have not lost any bids based upon price, but the number of bids that we have lost based upon our cost structure is down to just a very, very few. And so we are pleased with how we have used our cost structure to solve that problem, and that has allowed us to focus on superior technical offerings that create a point of difference for the customer.
Roger Krone: I'll do the first one. I think that was a foreign exchange question on the second one. Let's see, here's a comment that I want to make sure everybody understands is that -- so I think we're all comfortable with what's going in the Department of Defense. Currently, there's been a lot of attention in what's going on in the Department of Homeland Security. We are optimistic in the parts of border security in which we operate. Our VACIS system, what we do relative to vehicle inspections, we believe that has a significant role to play in the vision of this government in securing the borders. And so not only are we pleased with what we're seeing out of the Department of Defense, in those areas in our Civil business, where we have visibility into the budget, we are also quite pleased. We think there was a large amount of fentanyl that was seized at the border a couple of weeks ago, and it is those technologies, which we think we will be able to provide to the government, and they will fuel our top line growth. By the way, we kind of feel the same way about what's going on in DoD, DOE and FAA and a lot of the other civil organizations.
Roger Krone: A little bit. We kind of came out of the merger and we talked about 3% growth and 10%. Of course, now we're printing a little bit better than that. And as you know, we're a long-cycle business and with $28 billion, if you take the $2.9 billion out for NASA NEST, $25 billion in unawarded. Most of that is going to impact beyond 2019. The way things work, if they make an award to us this year, we ramp up. You really don't see those revenues until 2020 and beyond. And as excited as we are about 2019, if you just run your model as we do and run similar models, you can see that, that -- the submits, unawarded is going to have a larger impact on 2020 than it will on 2019. And it's the government's need for the types of solutions that we provide that gives us enthusiasm about the future, and our strong balance sheet and cash conversion gives us the currency, if you will, to invest in the future and to grow the business. And so as excited as I was five years ago when I came, as excited as I was about the merger with IS&GS, I look at the budget prospects and the needs of the government and 2019 is going to be an exciting year for us, but I think 2020 will be even better.
Roger Krone: Yes, so you have it just about right. If we end up with a CR, we could snap back. And if we don't do this right, we could be back to the sequester caps and I touched on that in my remarks. I'm not the best person to predict what's going to happen in the government. I will tell you I have been encouraged by what the Department of Defense has done and their ability to cross the river and talk to the hill and explain to our elected officials how important it is to get a budget. I've been optimistic before about the ability of the department to actually get a budget passed. I'm also optimistic, moving into what is going to be a presidential election season, that people are not want to be distracted by a continuing resolution, which snaps us back to the sequester caps and requires the department to curtail programs. And so if I was a pundit, I would tell you I think it's more likely that we're going to get some kind of a negotiation, and we will get a budget rather than a CR. But the mechanics of what happens in a CR, you have about right. And if we win all the way back to the sequester caps, I think the department would have to take some significant measures to be able to get their budget back underneath that.  As you know, once they start spending on aircraft carriers and F-35s and things, there's a future bill to be paid. And when they commit to like a bulk buy or 2 aircraft carriers, that's with the assumption that they're going to get most of what they asked for in their budget request in the future. If you snap the budget back to sequester caps, they're already committed to build those aircraft carriers, and it creates a real planning dilemma for the department. And because of that, because I think our elected officials understand the importance of defending the country, and they don't want this to become a topic in the presidential debate, I think we'll probably end up with a budget.
