Walter Havenstein: Thanks, Mark. I would like to conclude my written remarks by thanking the more than 41,000 employees who remain focused and dedicated to solving our clients' most difficult requirements. Their dedication and commitments provides the foundation for our continued success.  With that, we'll turn it over for questions. Tamica, we are now ready to take questions.
Walter Havenstein: Cai, I could simply say that we continue to work with the ongoing investigation in the U.S. attorney in New York. It would be still premature for us to comment as to when or what that final stake will look like, frankly because the process would probably take a little longer than we originally thought that. But by the same token, we want to make sure it is thorough and that our views get properly considered. And frankly at this point, it's probably too difficult to handicap either the time or outcome.
Walter Havenstein: No. Well, we are seeing growth as we commented in our health IT segment and in our energy segment. We think notwithstanding a onetime situation from last year in the second quarter, a material element, M&S element, our ISR business would have been growing. So we still think that the areas that we have identified as higher growth areas will continue to be higher growth. What I think we didn't fully account for is that I think the uncertainty in the business environment really impacted our fed civ sector. It was down significantly, and as we've experienced declines in our seat of business over the last 18 months, we saw a decline there that was probably more significant than we would have anticipated. So the areas that we've identified frankly 2 years ago is areas that would, we believe would be enduring and have higher growth potential, continue to be the ones that we've pointed out: health IT, energy, national security in the form of C4ISR and our logistics readiness state. And of course, we continue to see progress in our cybersecurity area.
Walter Havenstein: Well, I think -- we think the CR is inevitable. We think even at the agreed debt deal, even if you had an Appropriations Bill, it would be essentially at the same level in the defense side as we're seeing in FY '11. With regard to book to bill, we still believe even under a continuing resolution, which by the way, we described back in the last quarter and at the beginning of fiscal year we thought was probably going to be upon us. We still see our book to bill to be 1.0 to 1.1 for the year.
Walter Havenstein: No update there. We will continue to look for economically attractive and strategically consistent bolt-on acquisitions in those higher-growth areas. And we will use capital to deploy there in a mix with share repurchases, based upon the opportunistic nature of M&A.
Walter Havenstein: As we started the beginning of the year, we explained that our products-oriented business was going to be more back-end weighted. And even though we aren't quite where we wanted to be in the first half, we still expect to see that, those product shipments come in at the end of the year.
Walter Havenstein: Valuation for the most part, and that we still see some extraordinary prices being paid for properties. We're looking for things in the same area that other people are looking for things. And frankly, you have to convince yourself that even in the high-growth areas, there is sufficient synergy to pay the premiums that are necessary in an acquisition in a takeover kind of take -- control takeover kind of situation. That's predominantly the thing that frankly limits our taking on bigger things. And having said that, those things that, large or small, that we think have strategic long-term implications for growth for the company, I can assure you, they are getting considered and we will be appropriately aggressive to bring those properties to SAIC.
Walter Havenstein: I can't comment if it's a long-term condition. We don't expect it to be. But we and the others in the industry are undergoing, as you know, rigorous and lengthy audit programs. And every audit we are under is taking much longer and is, for the most part, unresolved at this time, just because it takes longer. And in some cases, we have agreed to withholds to allow for the overall billing processes to continue with a minor hit to us on the cash flow side, which gives the government a little bit of protection in light of not having reached conclusion in some of the audit areas. So a deal was struck. We think it's in the best interest of both parties to do that so business can continue. And hopefully they will wrap up their audits in a more expedient manner so that we can get back to normal. But that is not to mean in any way that our relationship is negative. In fact, these were open discussions that, I think, reached a good conclusion to allow us to proceed with the bigger the dollars.
Walter Havenstein: Quarter-over-quarter, while we still expect the third quarter to be, as history has shown, our highest quarter of the year in revenues. Although as Walt remarked earlier, we think that will largely be sustained in the fourth quarter, sequentially. I think the year-over-year numbers are consistent with the guidance we've discussed earlier. Still the range implies we think we'd probably be in the negative territory in terms of organic growth, but nonetheless better than Q2.
Walter Havenstein: Yes, we're seeing some areas where we're starting to see a slight pickup. Other areas continue to be flat. I think for budgeting purposes, I think the budget that the government will have is going to be pretty well understood especially under a CR. It's going to be essentially what we have in FY '11. I think that the -- and we expect that decisions will start to increase. When we look at the amount of decisions that were made in the first half of the year on big programs, and there were about 30 programs in the first half of the year that got decided, which we did very, very well on even though they may not have ramped up as quickly as we would have liked, we see a significant higher number of pending decisions, almost 2:1 in the second half of the year. Now again, we expect those decisions get made. But if the ramping up doesn't, if that condition doesn't change and what we've assumed here that there is no change in that condition, that is what's kind of predicating how we think about revenue in the second half. So we think it's not just a case of the budget and the funding. It is a case of both the willingness and ability of converting those wins into revenue and having active contracting and the government's willingness to let that funding go. And so we've got a lot of good indicators. But we've tried to say, "Hey, if nothing changes on the funding of existing programs and new programs from what we saw in the second quarter, then that has shaped our thinking around guidance.
Walter Havenstein: Bill, good question. The fact of the matter is we've not assumed that they are going to be more effective or less uncertainty in that regard for the balance of this -- of our fiscal year. We have said that if the conditions that we saw in our Q2 don't change, all right, that we've expected that. And that's what we use as the basis for our guidance. Having said that, we kind of said last quarter that we expect that even under a CR, things will start to stabilize. But that will take to the balance of this year. And our expectation is that by the end of the first quarter of this fiscal year, those issues related to November 23 and the subsequent establishment of priorities around those decisions will kind of be behind us. And even if we end up for all of FY 2012 under a CR, all right, that CR will be essentially at the levels we are now. And we think that in and of itself will start to stabilize things come to the end of the first quarter of FY '12, government FY '12.
Mark Sopp: Mark Sopp here. The industry conditions are affecting all of the segments to varying degrees. I would not say it is greatly impacting one compared to the others. In a large sense, I will say the fed civ market is probably the weakest. And another weak area we are seeing and hopefully we're clear in my remarks are where we have materials on a broad-scale contracts, which exist across our segments. We're seeing particular weakness there from our customers. But that's really the only area I'd focus on the fed civ areas and then the contracted services segments, like SETA as I mentioned in my remarks, with respect to Ground Combat Vehicle, we have excluded revenues from previously planned revenues from that program in this guidance. So it is excluded entirely. It doesn't necessarily mean that we're out of the running, but that's obviously the correct position at this time.
Mark Sopp: We do not provide, as you know, official guidance on operating margin. But consistent with the remarks at the beginning of the year, we don't expect to be materially off of the 8% range. So we're fairly consistent with that from the beginning of the year. Consistent with my remarks, much of the revenue shortfall, both year-to-date and the risk we have in the second half is materials at lower fee. So we don't see a dynamic range in operating profitability compared to the range you see in the revenue guidance.
Mark Sopp: The guidance range is minus 1% to minus 4% internal growth, or I should say minus 4% to minus 1% depending on where you start.
Mark Sopp: Our expectation that is to be around 70 days, and the current conditions are temporary. It's just a question of how long.
Mark Sopp: Sure, Cai. I would say that our margin view in the second half, as we wind up the year in this environment, within the guidance is conservatively stated. But that said, there are a couple of elements you should understand. First we do expect to increase indirect spending in the areas of business development and internal research and development in the second half at a pretty good increased pace. Secondly, we do have some program starting up that are new and large and long term that historically have lower margins at the beginning side of the equation, like Vanguard and others. And we're also winding down some programs that have had very attractive margins over the history, BCTM being one of them but others as well. And so that reflects a little bit of a headwind there. Other than that, the security products will indeed help us in the second half as we earlier said. But there are these other factors that we have to consider giving us the more cautious view. Hopefully, we'll outperform and beat it.
Mark Sopp: Rob, Mark here. We do believe, although it's hard to quantify, some element of what we're experiencing is temporary due to the uncertain unstable funding situation. And hopefully with Congressional actions here in the fall and beyond, we'll have, albeit flat line or nominally decreasing, a more stable environment. And in that scenario, we do expect that this area that we've called core in the past -- in our dialogue with the investor community, will contract and it will contract in the single-digit arena. Where within that space, hard to tell. But to Walt's remarks, we think that ISR, and even C4ISR, as well as the energy, health, and cyber areas can see positive but probably single-digit growth, probably mid-, low- to mid-single-digit growth, although we think that health and energy could exceed that. And so collectively, we view outside of the temporary conditions to still have reasonable expectations for single-digit positive growth for the enterprise once we are in a more stable condition.
Mark Sopp: There are some extensions on existing work. But from what we can tell, there are some dollars that aren't not getting obligated. And frankly we would hope, I hate to use that word here in this town. We would hope that funding would flow here in the back half of the government fiscal year. We just didn't see that over the last 3 months. And that's -- and to assume that it will, I think, is imprudent. And so that's kind of shaped how we think about our guidance for the balance of this year.
