James C. Reagan: Just that we've previously said that, particularly focusing on the Defense Health program, it is accretive to the companies and the sectors margins. To date, the programs cost profile is along the lines of what we expected. It's still on plan and we're pleased with both the operating performance and the cash performance of that program.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Just on the details of the transaction, Bill. There are – as you would expect, when you're carving out a business like this, there are a couple of ongoing programs where they were isolated in the contract, and they are indemnities that run both ways for pre-closing and post-closing issues. We've done an assessment of the risk under that. We consider the risk of any issues coming out of that for either party to be minimal. We've got a good handle on both of those programs. In terms of what the sector will look like post-closing, it will be roughly half health, and the other half will be infrastructure comprised of – roughly a third of the total business will be engineering and then the balance of the sector will be the security products business.
James C. Reagan: Sure. Well, yeah, this is Jim. Lucy, thanks for your question. Through the past, I would call, 18 months since Roger arrived and we've been reshaping how we do business development, we've been increasingly careful about taking our B&P and our marketing spend and getting more yield out of it. So we have a set of metrics that we internally follow that's very focused on win rates. It's very focused on qualifying the pipeline earlier and making sure that we don't move forward with large expensive bids that are going to crowd out our ability to invest in growth. So that has a lot to do with making sure that the yield for the money that we put into it gets us more. We're very pleased with the results for bookings that we have for the first quarter. And it certainly is one of the strongest Q1s we've seen in a long time. And I think that when we think about where that fits relative to our peer group, we're feeling pretty good about it. I would say that the other thing is that internally we target a full year book-to-bill at one or north of that. And with that as our target and entering the year with a backlog that's roughly 2x our revenue plan, we're feeling good about the guidance that we've put out there and how we'll be achieving that and the growth plans that we have for the business.
James C. Reagan: And that's the Health and Infrastructure group. Let me go back. It's about $9.3 billion for National Security.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Lucy, this is Jim. I think that the way we think about that is that when we – we've talked about run rate synergies of the business, so about $120 million. That's gross $240 million. And that comes from combining the two businesses and being able to spread a corporate cost structure over a larger base. That will enable not only the business to be more competitive and to help bolster their pipeline and win rates, but also to help maintain their improved margin profile that you're seeing there. So, that's how we've been thinking about the future of that business and what their margin profile will look like.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Lucy, in my earlier remarks, I mentioned that year-over-year, the commercial health business was down. But what I probably should have added to that was that sequentially the business from Q4 into Q1 has actually had an uptick in revenue. It's had an uptick in bookings and an uptick in profitability. And while we don't talk about those numbers separately, I do think it's worth mentioning on this call that we have seen improved results there. One quarter doesn't make a trend, and it's hard to declare us a definite inflection point. But the business pipeline, which operates on a much shorter sales cycle, the bid pipeline is showing some improvement. And we're looking not only to bolster the core work that we do around system and EHR implementations, but looking at additional value add that we can bring to those same customers as we move up the value chain in that consultative sale.
Roger A. Krone: Okay. So that's on the Defense. I think that's on the Defense Health Program. We're still working under task order one. We started in July of last year. It was to run for 12 months. They've actually extended that through the end of the year. So, we're operating on what we call task order one which will get us to, if you will, the first deployment out in the Northwest. So, we're operating under the first task order.
Roger A. Krone: Well, I'm looking to Jim, because – so it is a rolling wave that clearly takes years to completely roll off. And so we have a deployment schedule that goes in waves. And I really think it takes between eight years and 10 years before the old system is completely turned off. And there are 220-ish healthcare facilities in the contract. And we've broken them into waves by region. And we're starting on Northwest and follow the dictates of the customer and convert hospitals and clinical care facilities on like six month cycles for literally eight years to 10 years.
Roger A. Krone: Well, let me give you a little bit of the business, and then Jim can talk about the actual terms of the deal and what we've done relative to typical terms like reps and warrantees and ongoing liabilities. So this was the construction business that, when we bought it, I think, went by the name Benham. And although it has changed configuration over the years under SAIC and Leidos' ownership, it is primarily engineering procurement construction business. And it's been in size between 175 (23:26). I think last year we were over 300 (23:27). And it does just what you can imagine. It actually builds large infrastructure projects. And it is associated with the Plainfield power plant and how we got into that and some other projects that have been mostly related to big capital projects, energy, and infrastructure. And when we look at, whether this is a business that was going to grow for us, whether we had the capabilities to be competitive against some of the large EPC companies in the marketplace, we didn't feel that we could. And by selling it to Haskell, they're committed to this sector in this market. And they have a deep management team and they'll be able to extract value from that.
Roger A. Krone: No. not really. And you might be referring to – I think NSA has a program called NSA21. And they are in the process of rolling that out. And I think there are other things going on in the intelligence community. No, in fact, I would maybe reflect that there are a couple of procurements we're in the middle of and they are actually moving at a fast clip. There's a large program again up at the fort that we're bidding on. And the proposal was due on time and they called us and asked us to do orals just one week later. So there, I think a lot of the agencies want to get contracts let before we get into the fall and issues around presidential politics. So no and we've interfaced with the customers at the director level and they're really thinking about how to reorganize, so that they can be effective in the next decade. And we're actually somewhat looking at all this as favorable and the way of – just as we streamline, I think, they are streamlining and trying to deliver capability faster to their customers.
Roger A. Krone: Okay. So let me first put out the disclosures. So, Amit, great question. As everyone, I'm sure, realizes, we operate the two organizations completely independent. And Lockheed Martin is operating the business in the best interests of the Lockheed Martin shareholders and are taking the actions necessary to be competitive in their markets. And, frankly, we're doing the same. And you're seeing, I think, both organizations become leaner and more agile and removing layers. And I view that as positive. As I understand what IS&GS is doing is, one, there is a contract, I think, going in and that is associated with some of the reductions, but they are becoming more lean and agile. I believe they had a plan that if they had spun-off the business that they would take certain actions. And they're going forward with that, again, to the best of my knowledge. At the executive leadership team, again, the visibility that we have, I think, they have an enthusiastic leadership team. To the best of my knowledge, none of those individuals have moved. We're anxiously anticipating them coming with the business. They're terrific folks. They've got decades of experience in managing their business and have obviously been quite successful in creating value. And so, we don't see, nor do we expect, a lot of either voluntary or involuntary attrition at the leadership team level. You can imagine and that we're going to double in size approximately if you refer to our S-4. And, therefore, our leadership team will grow. Our corporate office will grow. We will need experienced, skilled executives on the team in skills and abilities beyond what we currently have. And so, we're enthusiastically looking at the Lockheed Martin leadership team coming over and being part of the new Leidos executive leadership team.
Roger A. Krone: Let's see. Amit, I'm sure, you could recount the history at Lockheed Martin. And SETA – yeah, they had a large SETA organization up in Valley Forge called the systems integrator, I guess. It was called Valley Forge and it was spun out as the systems integrator, which, I think, transformed into the company now called Vencore. So, most of the SETA business had been spun out of Lockheed Martin, to the best of our knowledge and we've been pretty thorough and had discussions with the team. There are only one or two contracts that we would describe as SETA, Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance, again, for those people on the call, which would create something called organizational conflict of interest, which would prohibit us from bidding on certain contracts. And we see no impact at all from the single contract that we've identified or even if there is another contract or two contracts of a small nature. Again, they had collected their SETA business and spun it out under the SI. And we're really enthusiastic about how the strategic fit of where Lockheed had positioned IS&GS marries in with the philosophy that we have at Leidos that was promulgated at the time of the split where we spun out the company now, referred to as SAIC, which contained our SETA business. And the more we learn, the more pleased we are about, if you will, architectural work that had been done in creating IS&GS and how well it matches with the work it was done here.
Roger A. Krone: Lucy, this is Roger. One point that gets me excited is if you've been through the S-4, which is our registration statement, which I know many of the people on the line have gotten. It's certainly available to everyone through EDGAR. There is a pro forma number for the new company and shows $19.4 billion in backlog. And as we get closer to the closing of the transaction, it's just a really powerful number and speaks to the strength of the company and really creates the excitement that we have around where this company is going to go.
Roger A. Krone: Great. Well, thanks. And to everybody on the call, really appreciate your dialing-in. We know it's a busy day in the earnings front. And we appreciate you being able to be on the call. We're trying go early. Whenever a company is involved in a large transaction, I know from your perspective, you always are concerned that management will stay focused on running the core business. And although one quarter doesn't make a year, we believe, at least in the first quarter we've demonstrated that we're going to keep our head down and focused on what we do here. We talk about the Leidos platform and focusing on the people, the capabilities and the cost structure and moving the business forward. And we will continue to do that through the transaction and post the transaction. And just to better describe the way we're dealing with the merger, we have set up essentially an independent Integration Management Office. Those people in the IMO have been, if you will, moved there on a permanent basis. We have backfilled the individuals. So the IMOs, the standalone team and we have filled all of our other positions, talked about Tom Dove coming into the Business Development role. And so Mike has chosen to lead the IMO. He is doing a super job. There is meetings every day on integration. We're talking about systems and people and, as I mentioned, in culture. But that really affords the rest of Leidos to stay very, very focused on what's going on in customers space to make sure we're delivering on our commitment. We're executing to our contracts. And we're going to continue that type of behavior all the way through closing. And then essentially we will collapse the IMO and the IS&GS leadership team into the Leidos' leadership team. And we will operate post-closing as one entity. So stay tuned. And as we achieve milestone events in the merger, we will make announcements and put out 8-Ks. But so far everything seems to be on track. We've heard nothing that would cause us to think we're not going to be able to close near the end of the summer. And we are all enthusiastically looking at the future of this new company that will be on the order of $10.5 billion, $10.7 billion in revenue and, as I said, $19.4 billion in backlog, which is really exciting to all of us. Again, thanks for being on the call. And we'll see you next quarter.
