Roger Krone: Well, it is a little bit larger than two billion. And of course, it is in our Defense Solutions segment, so we don’t really spike it out. The good news for us is, after the quarter, we did win a recompete which is below one billion. But what we have seen overall is it just has taken them longer to get through their acquisition process and awards, recompetes, new business that we had put in our plan have taken literally months or quarters to come to fruition. And what that has meant for us and for others in the industry rather than booking a full increment of a recompete, we are getting shorter extensions. And so it is not really contributing to the increase in backlog. But in the last quarter or two, we really haven’t lost a significant amount of business. It has just been like a lot of things in COVID, things have just been moving to the right.
Roger Krone: Yes. I mean not appreciably - hey Robin you and I think the other folks on call know where we were a year-ago, and we thought we made a reasonable change a year-ago. And we sort of walked into the second wave. And I think we all learned that this COVID thing is unpredictable. Throw on to that the shortage of computer chips and which - and we usually get a lot of material deliveries in the second half. And although we have seen some lengthening in the supply chain, we don’t see any shortages yet. But you all have taught us a great lesson in the last 12-months. And I kind of like where we are. Yes, Gibbs & Cox gives us a little bit of lift. But there is a ton of uncertainty out there in the next six months.
Roger Krone: Well, we still see a strong growth but not at the level that we have just demonstrated. At our investor meeting two-years ago, we kind of talked about five, right. And we will talk about that again in October. So clearly, we are comfortable with five. But what we have been doing over the last couple of quarters is really unprecedented, and I don’t expect to paint another quarter like we did. Some of that certainly year-over-year is COVID recovery, but we have enjoyed a significant number of wins and a high percentage of our competes so we are still very bullish on our long-term growth prospects, but not at the double-digit level.
Roger Krone: Okay, Cai, thanks and hey good morning. So we won the - it is a NASA bid about - in the order of 2.5 billion. It was protested by the incumbent as it seems everything is nowadays, NASA is taking corrective action. And so it is a little hard to forecast what the outcome will be. History has told us NASA takes corrective action, they make another award decision and then, of course, usually that is followed by another protest and those tend to last kind of 100 days. And so it may take them another three, four weeks to do their corrective action and then you tack another three-months on the back of that. So we suspect we will be talking about NASA ages through the third and fourth quarter, unfortunately. On DAS, it is a big contract up at DISA. We are hoping it will be a fourth quarter award. It could easily slide into first quarter. And I would suspect, Cai, that will be protested 1 way or the other. The UDS bid, which is at NGA, which is in the nominally four billion to five billion, a significantly large bid, we expected that to come out July and August. There are some other things going on at NGA, which is in the Intel group, Sheila’s question, which may cause that to be delayed. It could happen in August, it could happen in September. Frankly, the acquisition team at NGA is really busy. And when they get around to clearing the award, they will make the award. We think it is third quarter, but these things become ever increasingly hard to forecast. But those are the big ones that are out there. There is some other things that are down in the one billion level.
Roger Krone: I want to be absolutely clear. The long-term outlook that is out is what we gave at the investor conference, gosh, in May two-years ago, and we raised it from three to five, okay. We have done nothing to change that, okay. And that is what I was just trying to articulate to Rob. That being said, our organic growth, frankly, our total growth has been really remarkable. And our book-to-bill, it has just been great. I mean the team has done such a great job. I’m not going to update the 5% until October. But I have tried to give reasons why there should be a lot of confidence at five or perhaps better. So Gavin, that is about as far as I can go.
Roger Krone: Great question. Of course, we are hoping that there will be a rare show of bipartisan that looks like it is a $550 billion plus over what we would have seen. And there is a lot of focus on your roads and public transit and water systems. But we think broadband, airports, ports, waterways, security equipment. And then we think there is going to be emphasis on protecting the infrastructure and whether that be cyber security or grid hardening. That is right in our swim lane and then we are really excited about 5G and frankly, 5G really to everyone in the country. And we think that will spur sort of another big investment in IT and IT technology as the ability of all us the ability of all to function from an edge device. The phones that we have today are just the beginning. When we all have 5G, the functionality that you will carry in your pocket is going to increase by an order of magnitude. And that with cloud and as a service, we could see that as spurring a whole new round of investment and application, migration, so we are very bullish. Now I will caution everyone, it is our typical federal government authorized appropriate then it gets distributed to the agencies. They put plans together then they put out RFPs and they have industry days and we bid. And I don’t want to sound too negative here, but it takes a long time for money like that to flow through the system to where we win contracts, we start performing, we turn it into revenue and then finally into cash and earnings. So it is all positive and it is positive for us, not only because of our Civil group, but really across the board and everything that we do in technology, it is going to be months or years away, but overall positive.
Roger Krone: We haven’t seen customers like we did when we were talking about 360 and the CARES Act and the Intel went to shift work. I will just what we all know, I mean, the President comes on national TV and talks about a mask mandate, we all stand up and listen. We are essentially going back to a mask mandate according to the CDC guidelines, and we will expect all of our customers to do that. A bigger concern for us is really what is going on outside of the U.S. And as you know, we have significant operations in Australia, the U.K., the Middle East. And they are hunkering down again. In Australia, not only is it difficult to get in the country, it is difficult to get around the country to go from Melbourne, to Canberra and to Sydney. And I think Chris addressed it well, but our SD&A business and certainly the part that we acquired is heavily dependent on international business, which is dependent upon tariffs on airline tickets and when the volume is down, the money is not there. And although we have not lost any significant competitions in the SD&A business, we have seen many, many canceled and delayed. So I think the impact for us will be in our Civil segment in the business that we refer to as security detection and automation.
Roger Krone: Let’s see. It is sort of a mixed answer. We refer to them as unicorns. So someone with a lifestyle polygraph, a security clearance and can program in a computer language called Python in a national capital region around D.C. Yes, we are seeing a lot of competition for that person. And in order to get the staff that we need, we have to compete, and that is driving up labor in those areas. In other areas, there is a lot of people available. We have been able to meet our hiring goals. And of course, as we have said on this call, we have a strategy to de-concentrate our work in the national capital region and move to areas of the country where the workforce is more readily available. Our 1901 acquisition, which I know we haven’t talked a lot about, has a significant presence in Blacksburg, and a great relationship with Virginia Tech. And that was just one more reason why it was attractive to us, and it opens a new workforce for us. We have a software development center in Morgantown, at West Virginia University. We have one in Charlesville at UVA, and now we have one in Blacksburg. Overall, we are expecting to hire maybe a number that is in the 9,000 to 10,000 new and we are at the I think I said 4,500. We are a little bit better than that now, because of the Navy NextGen staffing, which has continued to go very, very well. And we have enjoyed what we call incumbent capture where people who are under contract with the prior contractor have elected to come to work at Leidos. So we are actually significantly above that number. And so we are on-track to meet our hiring goals but there is always that specific individual, you know a PhD and radiology that is difficult to find, especially if you are geographically limited as you often are in the Intel business.
Roger Krone: Yes. Tobey, I will start and Chris can come in with some of the numbers. We have a portfolio mix, which is a little bit - it is almost 50/50. It is a little bit off from that, which is fixed price. And some of our fixed-price work is what we call time and materials, but think of that as fixed rate. Right. So it is so much per hour and the customer buys a number of hours. And then we have what we call our cost reimbursable or cost type contracts. And I will - let me start very simple and then I will see if I can address your question. Clearly, on the cost reimbursable work, if there is wage inflation, that essentially becomes a pass-through to the customer. And that is not as - maybe not quite as positive as it sounds because customers live on annual budgets. And if you are a NASA customer, you have X for a program in a given year, you don’t have X plus inflation. And so if our wages increase inside a budget year, often the customer will have to decrease scope because they don’t have any additional funds to execute the program. And then, of course, on fixed price, we have said, we will do a program or complete a task for a fixed dollar amount. And the therefore, rely on us to balance the cost per hour with the number of hours. And our challenge, and I think it will be the challenge across the industry, if we see significant wage inflation above what we estimate when we bid, then we are going to have to find new efficiencies in service and delivery to offset that inflation. We are always trying to do that. That is why sometimes on fixed-price programs, our profit margin might be a little bit better. And we will just have to do more of that. Part of the again, going back to our 1901 comment, the excitement about 1901 is it has an as-a-service platform, which is really independent on labor, so we charge so much for a service, and we use essentially application IT platform to deliver that. And there is a lot of opportunity for us to create new efficiencies through the service and delivery model.
Roger Krone: Yes. Tobey, one additional side. Just because I think it is a really thought-provoking question. One of the things that we have seen is as we mix more college hires and less experienced employees into the mix, what we call labor categories and their wrap rates, they make less. And we have been thrilled with the quality of our less experienced workforce and their ability to do the job. And that is another lever for us as we increase our college hiring to use more of that newly graduated workforce in key positions.
Roger Krone: Yes. I will be really quick. We want to get one or two more questions in. I think everyone does expect to see at the end of the fiscal year. I’m not optimistic I don’t think we will have a government shutdown. I think we will get through the debt ceiling limit. I don’t know if there is any appetite for that in either side of the aisle. I would love to be optimistic and say we are going to get a bill before the end of the year, but I’m not. I think we will run a CR through - into the first quarter. Just everything that seems to be going on, that would be my forecast. And what that will do is we all know is the work that is under contract will continue, new starts will get delayed. By way, new starts are getting delayed anyway. And as we have said again many, many times, I think, in like, what is it, 19 of the last 20-years, we have had a CR. So I don’t see it as a big impact to our business. I would love to see a bill, but we are certainly able to handle a CR as long as it doesn’t go past first quarter.
Roger Krone: Yes. There is not a rule. And really it is customer by customer and competition by competition. We have some programs that start out and they are above our margin. We have other programs, HRP, which is really not an IT program, but RHRP has a six-month very low-level transition built in. So we won’t see RHRP as accretive to margins until significantly into next year just because of the way the contract is structured. So there is not a particular rule of thumb. But we have generalized on this call in the past is it takes us a while after we staff up and we have demonstrated performance to be confident and therefore to raise our accrual rate. But I will turn it over to Chris.
Roger Krone: Yes. Joe, it is really more of the former. Without putting too many numbers out there, we intend this year to submit more proposals in aggregate than we did last year, all right. And we will look at our pipeline, and we have a fairly well disciplined business development process where we go out early five to 10-years, we build a pipeline of potential business. We are not constrained by opportunity. In fact, what we are trying to do is to call out of our pipeline earlier, those things that are not, if you will, not in our strike zone. So we spend our new business funds more efficiently, but we will submit more proposals this year than we did last year. And clearly, last year, we did more than the year before. So it is really not an opportunity. It is, gosh, I would love to think we could grow 10% forever that we were sort of a Silicon Valley high-tech startup. And it is just - we have been very, very fortunate and we don’t want to get too far over our skis.
Roger Krone: Yes, we haven’t seen a lot. We probably have seen - and we install a lot of end-user equipment as part of several of our programs. And so we buy from all of the household names that you are familiar with. And what we are talking about silicon wafers that then get converted into processors, both general-purpose processors and application-specific integrated circuits. What we thought was COVID-related, and we kind of put it into a big category, as we sort of started to come out of COVID, we find that parts of the supply chain shut down in this lower end computer chip market and is not coming back as quickly as anyone thought. And in fact, in some markets like auto, their concerns, some of - certainly at the wafer level that some of that capacity is not going to come back at all. We have not seen shortages. We have just seen delays. And we are planning a couple of years out. But we have seen lengthening in - especially for IT equipment, probably in the weeks to a month in some areas and material has an impact on our revenue, both good when it happens and bad when it gets delayed. And it is a part of why we are not touching guidance for the last six-months. Although we are doing fine now, some of our contracts have significant material purchases planned for the last half of the year. And out of an abundance of caution, we wanted to give you visibility and transparency into our supply chain.
Christopher Cage: Sheila, this is Chris. Thank you. And no pattern of conservatism here, but we laid out some reasons to be cautious, right. And so there are some unknowns. Last year with COVID, things whipsawed a little bit. So with Delta variant, we are being conservative there. We laid out for Civil, of course, we are expecting some uplift overtime from the security products business and not just the aviation side, but the ports and borders, which that business has performed very well for us on a legacy basis. So there are some puts and takes. We are still intending to increase our level of investment on research and development. We built that into our plan all year long and so some of that is programmed in for the back half of the year, but we want to make sure that we can deliver on these commitments.
Christopher Cage: No. We would say maybe 100 for the half. So remember, that is about what we get. So it is about a half a year, call it, 100 million, maybe a little bit better than 100 million, and it is growing. But for the half that we will book rounded to 100 million.
Christopher Cage: Yes, Robin, this is Chris. Just to add on to that. Obviously, we do detailed forecasts and ops reviews quarterly with all our business lines, and there is always movements, right, across the portfolio. Roger just talked about the Intel delays. And so that might have been a business area where some of the things that we put into the pipeline haven’t come out yet. We were hopeful that some of those would and potentially give some uplift. None of those have been lost. But there is always small movements within the portfolio within $13.9 billion midpoint that we are driving towards and so the Gibbs & Cox piece potentially helps offset some of that or give us some capacity for downside risk given the COVID situation.
Christopher Cage: I’m sorry, Roger. So Cai, Chris here, I just was going to jump in on that. So first of all, we were trying to send a signal about 2022 yet, right. That is what we will lay out when we get to Investor Day in October. But there is more going on to what you pointed out, and those are various due observations. Number one, Roger talked about 1901, the contribution that is making to our portfolio. And that would really be an enabler across not only the defense opportunities in enterprise IT, but also into the Civil segment and others to help us deliver those capabilities more cost effectively and drive margin uplift. So we see that as something that will help us there. Obviously, in the Civil segment, margin will ride up with the recovery in our security products business and not just the aviation side, but as I mentioned, ports and borders and there are opportunities, whether it is within the infrastructure bill or otherwise with our customers internationally for that line of business that we are very bullish on. So those things would help us lift margins in that area, and we do have to be prepared for health margins moderating back down a bit as the exam backlog works its way down. But again, that will still be a robust part of the portfolio on margins. So more to come in October, but I don’t think you should read in that we are resetting to 10% longer term.
Christopher Cage: Yes. Gavin, I mean, as you can appreciate, there is some sensitivities on getting too far down into the portfolio competitively or otherwise on that. But that is not the only thing that is going on in health. That is the point we wanted to make. We have told you for a long time that the DHMSM program would be ramping up, it has. That team is performing exceptionally well. MFLC is really on a nice trajectory to ramp up, and those margins will be lower than other parts of the portfolio initially, but they will have an opportunity to increase overtime. And we have got zero contribution from RHRP in these numbers, right. So that will be something that we will look forward to next year to really ramp up as that program gets underway. So the exam business is above historical levels, but quite honestly, that team has delivered so well that the customer is looking to send more work our way overtime. And so we are prepared to accommodate them in their needs however possible. And so the hope is that we can continue that at a nice clip.
Christopher Cage: And Tobey, this is Chris. Just to add on to Roger’s point, you hit most of the issues here. Every year, we do a detailed pricing build up - multiyear pricing buildup for our indirect and our direct labor costs and certainly contemplate some level of inflation as we build multiyear projections around that. If it turns out that wage inflation is outpacing what we have estimated, we have an opportunity to refresh that, which we will do, and we will build those costs in. And so you really are just - at any given time, you might win some contracts where you price them with the old rates. And to Roger’s point, you have to find opportunities to drive efficiencies to protect margins. But on the future bids, we are pricing in what we think it requires to execute the work. So we are very transparent about that with our customers. And we have got good competitive Intel on where we think we need to be on a price to win. So all those factors play into how do we deliver, how do we win work and how do we maintain the margin profile that we are committing to you.
Christopher Cage: No, Joe, I would say usually, we kind of say, give us 1.5 years to two-years. It depends. What we like about those contracts in general is they are often - whether a fixed unit rate or fixed price and we do think as we understand the environment better, there is opportunities to introduce more efficiencies into the environment and drive savings that way through automation, through as a service, et cetera. With workforce rebalancing, as Roger indicated, what can you get for lower level employees potentially. So everyone is a little bit different. It depends on whether there is a transition phase, how that was bid, what they are paying you for, so really contract by contract.
Christopher Cage: And I think Mariana, it is definitely something we will spend more time on as we build our 2022 plan because, as Roger indicated, we have relationships, key relationships with critical suppliers and we stay abreast of what is going on there. But while the IT component of many contracts isn’t always our highest margin contributor. It does contribute to revenue. And so therefore, it is fairly integral. So as we get to 2022 planning make sure we have got good line of sight on what the latest expectations are. But this year, with the guidance range we provided, we think we gave ourselves some latitude for some potential delays, modest delays across the supply chain.
