John P. Jumper: Thank you, Paul. And welcome, everyone. In the second quarter, our performance was impacted by a number of discrete items. These included costs related to the planned separation of SAIC into 2 companies, 4 underperforming programs, 2 fixed-price foreign development contracts, a biomass plant construction contract and an IT services contract with a state and local customer; and a noncash intangible impairment of Reveal Imaging Technologies, a provider of threat-detection products and services that we acquired in August 2010. Looking at the results for the quarter. Revenues were $2.5 billion, down 15% year-over-year on an internal basis. This was in line with our expectations given previously announced contract reductions. The anticipated drawdown of Joint Logistics Integration, or JLI, reduced revenues by $64 million. As you know, JLI is directly related to the U.S. Military draw -- withdrawal from Southwest Asia. Revenue was further reduced by the loss of that DISN Global Solutions or DGS contract a year ago, an $85 million impact. Together, these 2 items account for almost half of the internal year-over-year decline. The remainder of the revenue decline was primarily driven by the impact of sequestration, which reduced the testing levels on current contracts, lowering the levels of award, resulting in delayed decisions and imposing significant caution throughout the contracting process. Operating income was lower than the prior year, significantly impacted by the cost of the separation and the discrete items discussed above. Despite all of this, our operating cash flow was strong for the quarter at $217 million, in line with our expectations and demonstrating the underlying resiliency of our company, even in difficult times. While we used all of the available information to factor in the full impact of sequestration in our earlier guidance this year, we need to be even more cautious based on our current outlook for the second half. Recent wins are in protests. Award decisions are being increasingly delayed. And the spillover effects of government spending cuts to our commercial health business, though we believe temporary, has been factored into our updated expectations. As a result and in light of our first half performance, we're reducing our fiscal 2014 guidance today. Mark will outline the details later in his remarks. I should note that, after the quarter closed, the company has had some notable wins of new business opportunities. Specifically, we were the only contractor awarded the NASA Human Health and Performance contract, an ID/IQ single-award value of $1.8 billion. We also won a new engineering program with LSB Industries for over $100 million, with a potential of additional business for this client. These contract wins indicate that our pipeline remains strong and we continue to win in the marketplace. We're excited about moving closer to accomplishing our separation. I'd like to point out that the separation gave us an opportunity to redesign the cost and rate structure of both companies, the benefit of which will be more visible as we complete this split and shed the burden of our separation and transition costs this year. Now I'd like to turn the microphone over to our COO, Stu Shea.
John P. Jumper: Thanks, Mark. Looking forward, the entire SAIC leadership team, our Board of Directors and the 37,000 employees remain extremely optimistic about the future of these 2 great companies we are creating, Leidos and new SAIC. We believe we're in the final stages of preparation to complete that separation in the near future. And with that, I'll open the floor up to your questions.
John P. Jumper: Let me address the -- this is John Jumper. Let me the M&A plans. And you'll be -- we'll be hearing more about this at the investor conference, of M&A and capital deployment, as we come up to the 11th. But I think, broadly speaking, on M&A, we can say that we'll be much more focused on predictable profit streams and returning capital to our shareholders with M&A. And as always, we're going to try and maintain a balance, but I think the balance is going to favor taking better advantage of not building up a bunch of cash on the balance sheet and returning that to the shareholder. These are decisions that the Board of Directors make every quarter, and I think we'll continue to look at it that way.
John P. Jumper: Well, let me start off. This is John. I think that if there's one word to describe the situation we're in right now, it's confused. As we -- I have a hard time, and I think my colleagues in the industry have a hard time, even defining what the baseline is right now. The spending patterns are erratic. I think there's great caution among the contracting officers out there that we do business with day in and day out, which is our best indication of volatility. So I think to try and be predictive about a fourth quarter or an end of year, even, for the government where you normally see a flush, trying to be predictive about that, is extremely difficult. And I think it would be dangerous for anyone to try and define in any way what's going to happen.
John P. Jumper: Well, I think, well, Frank Kendall, I think, has been an outstanding spokesman for -- not only for the Pentagon and for government spending but for the rest of us in the industry. And I think what Frank is referring to are some of the things we talked about earlier. We've seen a pronounced 10% reduction in intelligence budgets. You've heard some of the agency leadership talking about that here just in the recent -- in recent weeks, yet the level of activity out there in the big world is anything but a level that would indicate a reduction in intelligence activity. So I think that there's some conflict here between what we're seeing out there in the world and the demands that we see being fairly well sustained on things like intelligence. Having said that, I do believe that the government is looking for continued efficiencies. And I think that we will see, as Frank said, a decrease in spending, delayed decisions, and I think this all adds to the confusion I was talking about earlier.
John P. Jumper: Let me start. This is John. I think Frank Kendall's words are exactly right, and I think his caution is that we probably have not seen the full impact of sequestration yet, and I think we need to take that into consideration. As I said, this adds to the confusion. So I think there's probably more to come. How much is hard to say. But I think Frank was being open and honest when he said that there is more to come.
John P. Jumper: Joe, I think it's safe to say that we are still very bullish on expanding our commercial presence and for that to be a larger percentage of our business. As we go forward and we look at Leidos individually, our Health and Engineering will be about 1/3 of our company. And we do want to see that expand. Now when you balance that with the current dynamics of government budgets and what we're seeing, I must say it does introduce a certain amount of caution into how we move forward. But we want to get to a place where we're focused on profitability and running the businesses well. It's, I think, safe to say we'd like to really exploit our internal capacity to grow, to begin with. We don't see any large M&As on the horizon. We want to focus on that internal growth potential, but we do want to grow those commercial markets to take advantage of their growth potential. And I think that's what we're going to see.
John P. Jumper: Well, let me give it -- try that, Jason. I think that, you balance the uncertainty of the revenue stream going forward with the situation of the world, and somehow, those don't comport very well right now. So I -- we continue to believe that, given the situation we're in globally, opportunities will continue to rise. You've heard me say it before in these earnings calls that we seem to be, as a nation, a lousy predictors of what's going to happen next. We don't ever seem to be able to get it right. And then, something always happens. So I think that given you balance the uncertainties of the world with actions that you see underway right now, even with the decision about Syria, all of these things lead me to believe that the revenue opportunities will continue to be there given the world we live in.
John P. Jumper: Well, Jason, we can't be specific on that, but let me just say the plans are on-track. The transactional part of the stuff is largely done. We are going to have a board vote. And we're on track to complete it by the end of the FY, which is what our publicly announced schedule is.
John P. Jumper: And Robert, you're right when you say that there was a much different environment when those programs were bid several years ago.
John P. Jumper: What's happened, the -- I think it's fair to say, is that all of our normal ways we calibrate, turning award wins into revenue, have been delayed. So the predictability is much more difficult than it's been in the past.
John P. Jumper: Thank you very much. And let me just say that -- I'd like to take a moment to congratulate 2 members of our team. First, Debbie James is one of our sector presidents who's been leading our technical and engineering business and has been nominated by President Obama to become Secretary of the Air Force. If confirmed, this will continue Debbie's selfless commitment to answering the call of government service when asked. We also extend our congratulations to a member of our Board of Directors, France Córdova. France recently stepped down from her position as President of Purdue University and has been nominated by President Obama to become Director of the National Science Foundation. All of us at SAIC are proud to embrace the caliber of people nominated to these positions of national importance. And we wish Debbie and France all the best going through their confirmation process. Thank you, all, very much.
K. Stuart Shea: Cai, this is Stu. We have a very rigorous process of review of all of our programs and we have a watch list that we pay particular attention to. Of the 9,000 contracts that we have within the company today, we have about 25 programs that are on that white -- on that watch list. And all 4 of the contracts that we noted in our call just a moment ago were on that watch list. But based upon our Q2 testing, our customer interaction and schedule requirements, we really determined that our 2 foreign contracts needed to be redesigned. And we had to increase our cost and resourcing to meet schedules for the other 2 contracts, so we adjusted the EACs accordingly. These types of estimates at completion or estimates to complete are a standard process in any quarter, and there's a lots of ups and downs. They just all happen to have happened at the same time because of technical or customer milestones in Q2 which bore out new information. So we feel pretty confident in the overall process of review, but we did use the opportunity to do a deep dive on much of our contract baseline this quarter to take a look and see whether or not we had any other issues. And right now, we don't see any that confront us with the same level of concern that we had in the other ones.
K. Stuart Shea: All right, well, let's see, the first answer is we do a lot of fixed-price work and we do a lot of fixed-price development and solutions work, so we're going to continue that. And then we'll continue with the customer sets. But I think it's, when you cross the particular type of contract and the particular customer, this was a little bit out of the ordinary. And we also had folks that were working on these contracts that weren't necessarily the best in the company to focus on them. So it was kind of the perfect storm of the contract, the nature of the customer, the nature of deliverable, the timing of it. And we had an opportunity to fix it, so we did. So we're going to keep focusing on many of the same calls. We'll do a lot of business in future SAIC and state and local business. We'll continue to pursue our foreign customers in Leidos and in new SAIC. And we're just going to be a lot more attentive to the nature of the delivery, the nature of the requirements and how we go about staffing the programs.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, again, Cai, we completed our cost cuts of $350 million, split approximately $200 million for Leidos and $150 million for new SAIC. And I think we're on track for that full $350 million program cut. And those cuts far exceed any dis-synergy costs that we have related to splitting the 2 companies, which is nominally $50 million to $60 million on a full year basis. What our plan going forward is to really have a -- and we've already started this, a continued improvement process. We expect there will be more cost changes to come. Post separation, both Leidos and new SAIC will have active programs. It will be a little bit different between the 2 companies to address this. And the cost reductions that we've seen in FY '14 have considerably lowered our FY '14 wrap rates and they'll have greater impact in FY '15 and beyond on a full year basis. So as you know, FY '14 is kind of a transitional year, and you'll see more evidence of the impact in FY '15 and beyond. And we're going to talk more about that at the investor conference on the 11th.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes. Ben, this is Stu. First of all, I think we have a very strong safety and security business, which includes the Reveal product line. And we are seeing a lack of orders across the entire industry from TSA for the checked baggage scanning systems. TSA has about 2,000 explosives detection systems that have been installed since 2002, with a useful life of around 7 to 10 years. And they're hoping to extend that to 15 years and incorporate some newer technologies to include addressing homemade explosives and the 75% direct mask [ph]. So although TSA has the funding at this time, they're not purchasing any units until they reduce their inventory in the warehouse. And then they'll have to -- if you look at the mathematics of the number of units deployed, how old they are, they're going to have to incorporate additional units over time. So we look at the Reveal product line as a very solid product line, very capable, industry leading. And it really is about the slowness in the awards across the industry and not for our particular product line itself.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, Jason, this is Stu. Just to add to that comment: One of the things we've talked about a lot is the potential uplift from OCI reduction. And we've spent a lot of time evaluating the capability foothold that we do have relevant to all these new markets. We're making some key strategic hires to gain some customer intimacy into the markets. We're building the opportunity funnels and strategies that allow us to address the markets. And we're also preparing a plan with investments and capture strategies. And that's happening on both the Leidos in the new SAIC side. Obviously, at this point of kind of purgatory that we're in where -- we can't really fully explore that because of we're the -- we're still 1 company today. Until we're 2 companies, we can't really see the benefits of that. So we're doing a lot of prepositioning but expect to see some different outcomes in the future.
K. Stuart Shea: Let me add a couple of comments. I think John wants to jump in on this also. But if you look at some of the markets that people are entering, let's talk about Health and Engineering, we've been in those businesses for 25 years, so there's a lot of people that are doing an attachment to their business, some more of an appliqué, an add-on, whereas we really have it as a core fundamental part of our strategy and part of our business and has been for several years. And you'll certainly see a good part of that in Leidos going forward, with the Health and Engineering focus. I think that there is a continued sense of concern on the part of small businesses, it's their livelihood, to try to continue to keep their business. They're being very aggressive in the pricing. I think some of the big guys that are platform builders are also being very aggressive. So what Mark said, we look at pricing pressures all the time. We think part of that is been offset by our reduction in our wrap rate. I think part of our solutions focus and at least a good part of the company will offset that. We're very agile in our developments. We think we have the right solutions and we can build them generally faster than many others. And so a lot of our focus is on differentiating ourselves through our history, our legacy in the businesses, the unique intimacy that we have with our customers and our ability to develop solutions in a more rapid-solution approach.
K. Stuart Shea: Well, I think it's a mixed bag. I think, some of them, we priced very aggressively. And then I think some were priced appropriately, but we didn't necessarily have the right solution path going forward. So it depends on which program that we're referring to in a write-down. But it's a little bit of each is right, that there are some that are more technical oriented and there are some that are just resource constrained. So we had to do a write-down on both.
K. Stuart Shea: If I could jump on that one. First of all, I think our book-to-bill was low by historical standards, as we mentioned before. I think we had a pretty strong pipeline. We currently have $27 billion in submits that are outstanding waiting award. So if you assume a normative state last couple of years, you would expect the book-to-bill to rise. But once you add in the slowness in the award decisions, the doubling or 2.5x in terms of that timing for the award decisions, and then the protests that are happening, I think we may have hit a new normative level in the 0.7 range or so for at least a period of time.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, one of the things that's happening now is that the customers are doling out much smaller increments of funding on a much shorter period of performance. So as opposed to getting a large hit, a large booking for a multiyear program, you're getting things by the drink.
K. Stuart Shea: I think, if you look at what we said before about the potential inclusion of a large $500 million win, we would have been at 0.95 if that was included. So we are getting some wins. We are getting the core business, but I'd -- we'd like to be above 1 all the time but we're just not there at this time, and very few people are.
Mark W. Sopp: And Ed, this is Mark. I'll comment on the leverage ratios going forward. As the 2 companies exit this transition period and embark on a separate track, they will have leverage ratios on the 1.5x to 2x range, each of them, as previously stated and as originally designed. That would generally be where we would intend to operate, for the most part, going forward. We would be willing to lever up to closer toward 3x in both companies should the right compelling opportunities arise. But it's very important on the Leidos side we maintain an investment-grade rating and make sure the credit markets are available to us. As we said, that's less important on the new SAIC side. But we still want to operate the capital structures, as John said, with less excess cash, number one; but a fairly conservative leverage ratio in the 1.5x to 2.5x sort of arena.
Mark W. Sopp: This is Mark. The construction project predominantly refers to our Plainfield renewable plant under construction in the state of Connecticut. And it was, by itself, in the low teens in terms of the EAC adjustment for added costs to make sure we could reach our very important deliverable in the fall timeframe. And so we invested more, if you will, to make sure we hit schedule, which is very important on that program.
Mark W. Sopp: And just to add to Stu's remarks. That business has been very successfully integrated with the rest of the security products business run by Alex Preston. And that business, Reveal, by itself, is profitable today, in large part, due to those efforts. The impairment was $30 million. That's about half of the intangible value for that acquisition, to put that into context, and entirely due to not necessarily the long-term prospects we see there but the slide to the right due to the procurement costs we see, as Stu mentioned, and because of that, appropriate to remove some of the valuation originally described in the acquisition.
Mark W. Sopp: I'll just add. The trailing outlays from either prior years or otherwise probably buffered some of the reduction in the recent few months across the industry. That will strip away. And the, as John said, full impact of sequestration is most likely ahead of us, and for that reason, we are more cautious in our guidance in the second half and taking it down accordingly.
Mark W. Sopp: I'll give that a shot, George. This is Mark. First, there are no programs that approach the size of JLI and DGS in terms of magnitude and impact on our year-over-year results. So those really dominate the landscape, those individual programs. As you know, those 2 programs were 2 of our 4 largest programs in the company that, for 2 different reasons, came to an end last year and we're seeing the effects of that in the year-over-year numbers this year. I'd say there was a collection of airborne ISR programs that came to natural end, associated with troupe reductions and so forth, in the Middle East. Those probably accounted for 3 to 4 percentage points of reduction in the national security sector. But outside of that, you really have a lot of smaller contracts, some coming into the mix, providing growth, and others moving away through the overall reductions we're seeing. So it's really a mixed bag after those 2, primarily.
Mark W. Sopp: Yes, the $0.20, George, is directly attributable to what I said in my early remarks, the charges we took in Q2, primarily, and the reduction in the revenue guidance for the rest of the year. So with respect to stripping off the top end, we no longer see the magnitude of possible upside that we had in our earlier guidance. If you'll remember, that was $10.7 billion. So we've taken that down pretty dramatically and narrowed the range on revenue and, therefore, narrowed the range on EPS.
Mark W. Sopp: Sure, Joe. It's Mark. Both the Vitalize and maxIT acquisitions came out of the gates very strong post acquisition, and we were speaking about those growth numbers over the past few quarters. As mentioned, we are now seeing the spillover effects from the surprise, if you will, that came with sequestration where the Medicare cuts that applied to hospitals were -- are taking billions of dollars of reimbursements out of the system pretty suddenly, and by surprise, and understandably, administrations of those hospitals have cut back their discretionary spending. That said, the same federal government has mandated the ICD-10 requirements and the Meaningful Use requirements and further stages after that, coupled with the ongoing development proving that there can be better clinical outcomes by use of EHR systems and the data exploitation opportunities that come with that. So we're very bullish on the long-term outlook for our commercial health business. We are even more bullish as we combine the technologies of the government business with the commercial group to see how they can benefit each other. And so with that, tier numbers speaking, the commercial health business starting off growing and then recent contraction will be about flat this year. We're optimistic that we'll return to growth next year, as those deadlines approach for Meaningful Use and ICD-10, and for all of the opportunities to improve clinical outcomes and administrative outcomes for hospitals in future years.
Mark W. Sopp: Sure. All businesses are evaluated for impairment on a quarterly basis. And there's about -- for your records, about $60 million of purchased intangibles related to our commercial health businesses that we acquired over the past couple of years, and then there's a larger goodwill number after that. But based on our projections, we are comfortable that those long-lived assets are not impaired.
Mark W. Sopp: Okay, let me try to answer that, and I'll provide more color next week as well. But with respect to the corporate segment that we report, which does include some nonrecurring and special charges from time to time, particularly this year, but when you extract that out, they typically run between $5 million and $10 million per quarter, which reflects stock option expense and other expenses not allocable to the sectors. With the going-forward model, I would say, the combination of dis-synergies on one hand, offset by cuts on the other, I wouldn't expect a major change from that run rate on a consolidated basis across the 2 companies. And another way to think about that is the same cost categories dilute the segment margins by 10 to 20 basis points on an annual basis.
Mark W. Sopp: There's still a 10% growth in our addressable market. That has not changed. And so those revenue opportunities are still the same as we see it. The timeframe, given the environment we're in, could change since the procurement cycle, as we see it today, is lengthening. And I'll just further add to the remarks of John and Stu: As we evaluate those opportunities, we're going to be very profit-focused. And so chasing top line is nice, but they have to represent to us high-confidence profitable growth year-over-year in order to go after those. And that will be the lens through which we evaluate them.
Mark W. Sopp: Yes. So if you take the 158 estimate for the year, we're about 100-plus through that through Q2. I would expect a peak of much of the remaining 50 ballpark in Q3 and the trail-on in Q4 and be done as we enter fiscal '15.
Mark W. Sopp: Look, I'll add just color and see if it addresses the question. So the Fairfax reference is the McLean headquarters property that we announced in July a sale transaction in, which is a bundled sale. And we recognized cash proceeds and a minor P&L consequence in Q2, cash proceeds meaning $85 million, and about a $2 million loss on that transaction at the end of the day. I think the -- and just importantly, that's just part of an overall real estate monetization plan to take cash out of the real estate holdings and put it back into either our business or our shareholders' pockets. The $70 million reference, I have to believe, relates to our estimate of leased exit costs that we would incur and report in this fiscal year as part of our overall separation activity. And so we are well on our way toward achieving that. That's still our estimate for the year, roughly. And so that contemplates shrinking our footprint significantly by 20%, 25% across both companies to become more efficient and more profitable. And the $70 million is the future lease expenses for those properties we will exit deliberately this fiscal year, the payback of which will be within 1 year. And so that's a significant margin-enhancement opportunity, particularly visible in fiscal '15 and beyond.
Mark W. Sopp: Rob, Mark here. I think I would say that the contracts mentioned were bid some time ago and reflect the then-thinking in terms of priorities. What we are saying going forward is we will be very profit-focused for things we bid going forward, and very selective on that premise. There are, of course, pricing pressures today. And there are -- there will be cases where, given margin on a program may not be equivalent to the overall company margin. But if it produces or contributes to year-over-year profit dollar growth and has a favorable ROI and has low capital intensity, we'll probably do it because, as Stu mentioned in his remarks, we're focused on economic profit. And so year-over-year growth and capital efficiency is the name of the game going forward. That is the lens that we'll be focusing on as we conduct future bids.
Mark W. Sopp: Rob, this is Mark. I'd say our top 25 represents maybe 20% of our total revenues, maybe 25%. And I think the top -- or the 25 in the watch list are a subset, not necessarily the largest. So I think it's within that range.
