Roger A. Krone: Yeah, okay, Jon. Thanks for the question. At the time we closed the deal, there were about 150 bids outstanding between the two heritage companies. And they were bidding the heritage company's cost structure and with separate technical solution. So, as we have moved into this new year, those awards are finally working their way through the acquisition process. And although we are actually quite pleased with how most of the proposals have done, there is a small number, count them on less – on one hand, that we were enthusiastic about winning and we didn't. And I would say they were broken into half of those were the nature of our technical offering and half of those were where we were from a cost stand point. And realize this was a technical offering put together by the separate companies, so we didn't have the advantage of pulling our technical resources, and they were bid in the heritage cost structure. And we've actually updated our rates twice since we put these proposals in, once on day one, and now we just updated our rates again here in 2017. That being said, no one ever likes to lose, and so we do as we always do, we call it (24:55) and we do an after-action review. We go back and look at our competitive posturing, where we were in the pricing range versus where the awardee was, we take that, we go back, look at our cost structure to make sure that we are doing all the right things to continue to be competitive in the marketplace. In total, none of these were I would say material or significant, they are in – one is in the double digit millions, one – couple are in the three digit millions. But in the scheme of our business development pipeline, like I said, at any given time we have 150 bids to 200 bids outstanding. We don't see it as material. And again, we've reaffirmed our revenue guidance for the year and we think we're going to be just fine.
Roger A. Krone: Great question, Cai. Of course you know we don't do that. So, relative to the run rate, I will tell you that two of the four bids were takeaways from other contractors where business was re-competed and we felt we were competitive enough – we're competitive enough to take the business away. I will tell you on the protest, sort of the business as usual today is there are always protests and there were some awards in the period that were protested. Frankly there were some that we protested and there were some where the protest expired and we were eventually awarded the contract. And I think with all defense contractors and government contractors, we just see that as a fact of life today.
Roger A. Krone: I'm not sure we have actually put it in that frame. We talked about $1 billion, plus a $1 billion task order generated from those, I mean that is typically is a couple of years – couple of hundred million dollars per year, maybe little bit higher than that.
Roger A. Krone: Tobey, I think we've actually confirmed that view from the very beginning. And the performance that we have to date I think is going to allow us to do that. And so of course there's always uncertainty, we're trying to figure out what's going in the government and it's early for us, but we always talked about looking at the back half and the cash generation and our capital allocation, capital deployment philosophy in finding the most efficient way to get that money back to our shareholders.
Roger A. Krone: I won't go agency by agency, but let's take the Department of Defense. So the Department of Defense has one confirmed person, and that would be the Secretary of Defense. There are now identified candidates for some of the service secretaries and the Deputy Secretary of Defense, but now with healthcare sort of being the topic of the day, it's not clear when those will even get before the Senate. And we find other agencies in a similar position. I'm not sure this is a precise number, but it's a number – over 500 confirmable administration appointments that have not been confirmed yet. So it's significant. I was with another customer – I was with the NASA customer and of course they don't even have yet an identified NASA administrator. And so the civil servants, these are really great individuals, are doing the best they can to operate the government with the authorities that they have.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah, we assume a CR probably at least for calendar year 2017. So as you know there's a quarter mismatch between the government fiscal year and our year. But despite the President's comments, and we're hopeful that he's right, but history has taught us to expect a CR.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah, it's a great comment. We're engineers and program managers; we actually have a metric. And we actually hit a 50% internal metric on 1 July, just so you know. But we really accelerate the back end of integration, and we expect to be in the 90% done by the end of first quarter of 2018. So – and that program has really gone well. And now Sharon Watts, our new CAO, has commanded that. And again we've been pleased at how smoothly the integration has gone.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah. What we had said previously that the effective tax rate on a non-GAAP basis would be around 37%, and the thing that will drop that a little bit and that has dropped it a little bit is primarily the impact of the new accounting standard for taxes. And so as our stock price goes up, it gives us a book tax deduction, if you will, that puts downward pressure on the rate. So given where the stock price is today, if it continues in that trend, you're going to continue to see some downward pressure on the rate. But right now we're not quite ready to give you an updated full year tax rate, again for the full year.
Roger A. Krone: Well, and Jon, we've been doing this a long time, and we just – if you think about it, we put out guidance with our year-end close, and here we are in first quarter. And philosophically we like to see more performance. If there was a big non-recurring that moved the numbers up, we would just pass that off in guidance, but typically we want to see a little bit more demonstrated performance, a little bit more run rate. But of course, as both Jim and I said, we're really pleased with the numbers that we've seen, and frankly a little bit ahead on some of the cost reductions and the restructuring, and revenue has held up well. Although I mentioned the competitive environment and some disappointments, we've also had great growth in our existing contracts, and our team has been able to expand some of our statement of work with some of the administration's priorities that can be covered by current contracts. So, again, we feel really good about the year. But it's the first quarter. And for us, without something really compelling, we want to get more demonstrated performance, better understand the budget, what's going on inside the Beltway.
Roger A. Krone: Well, no, I – in my prepared remarks we committed to book-to-bill greater than 1, which is where we've been for the full year. We've always been sort of a seasonal with the third quarter being our strongest with the appropriations bill, assuming it gets passed by the Senate today and signed by the President tonight, that will accelerate awards and I think we will see maybe even more seasonality into second and third quarter than we might have seen in prior years. And as we kind of plot through the bids outstanding, and think about what's happening in customer space, I think it confirms that we will see maybe a little bit more seasonality this year, which means probably our peek awards quarter will be third quarter.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Ed, we're – I wouldn't characterize that as a number of contracts, particularly as we saw rack up in the health business. And when you think of these kind of pull forwards, typically there are EAC adjustments, and these are the kinds of things that are – I would call them ordinary course of business, they just were more phasing – time phasing items rather than things that we would say give us a reason to think that the margin that we have in – I am thinking of this, the health business is sustainable, so at the 14.9% rate. So we're pleased that those what we call pull forward items are there and again, they're more reflective of now that we're at a lower cost structure, we can update the longer term profit picture for a number of contracts and these were kind of updates to those EACs. So think of them as write-offs.
James C. Reagan: About half of it is the new accounting standard, Ed, and then the other half of it are permanent differences that we were able to pull in. There was a little bit of R&D tax credit there, but generally it's about – half of it is new accounting standard and half of it is real cash differences.
James C. Reagan: We haven't yet adjusted our expected tax rate for the year. We're – if we're going to make an update to the guidance, say, in the second quarter or third quarter, we'd probably take a second look at how we treat that in our guidance picture. When we see the tax rate coming down a couple of points, it gave us about a $0.015 of tailwind on the EPS number which in the context of $0.88 non-GAAP, we didn't think it was that huge at this point.
James C. Reagan: Right now we think that the charge was certainly an adequate charge to take account for some increased costs that we had to make sure that we execute right for the customer involved. And so we're confident that it was more than adequate. I would characterize it as a charge that's in the mid-teens in terms of millions of dollars.
James C. Reagan: Yeah, I think in the past, I mean a couple years ago, it was in the $200 million range. Now it's coming off that a little bit. The thing that's always kind of the wildcard in that number, Noah, is that in the past two years the DoD has exercised perhaps more discretion on what comes out of the OCO budget than they have when that budgetary mechanism was first established. So I think that we're going to see that change again in the coming year, now that there's kind of a new budgetary regime in place that has a different way of working around the sequester limits, so.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Just in the world where there were going to be big cuts to certain agencies under the original, what they call the skinny budget, even then we didn't see material exposure. Now that the skinny budget isn't skinny, we see even a more, I'd call more immaterial. As Roger indicated, the places where we're strong in Civil are places that are aligned to the administration's priorities, be it infrastructure work, working with the FAA, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Social Security Administration, et cetera.
James C. Reagan: There was some element of pull forward, but I think that what we were really thinking was that we weren't going to see a return to year-over-year growth until the middle of this year. So, it was a couple quarters earlier and that's encouraging. I think the other thing that we like seeing, not just in the IS&GS part of the business but in the legacy Leidos part of the business, is stronger margins. And clearly, the thing that we're seeing now is stronger margins, strong program performance, because of the cost reduction actions that we've taken which you're going to see that more immediately in margins and fairly soon. We expect to see it in win rates and more backlog building, because we're certainly able to bid on more competitive footing.
James C. Reagan: Yeah, what I would say, Krishna, is there is absolutely, I mean everyone in our business has to think of the environment remaining very cost conscious and cost competitive. With that said, we're pleased that aside from the one program where we did have to take a charge in the quarter, the business is running really well with strong margins and strong performance in the business. So, I think that – if you rewind a few years, when there was a wave of really competitive pricing pressure that started or intensified, I would say, our industry I think responded across the board with being very, very cost conscious and cost aggressive. And I think that – the scale of our business now that we've – we're incorporating and integrating the IS&GS business, it affords us the ability to be as competitive as anybody from a cost standpoint, and at the same time, remain anchored around our target margin percentages.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. There were a lot of embedded questions. I'm going try to zero in on what I think you are focusing on and that is the – if IS&GS is up a point, what's going on in the legacy Leidos business. And what I would tell you, it's kind of a tough compare in Q1 because a year ago we had strong growth in the Leidos business, primarily on the backs of the U.K. program which was ramping up substantially, as well as the DHMSM, the defense health agency program that was ramping up then. Part of that ramp-up a year ago was in a construction portion of the U.K. program that is now completed. And so there is a dampening effect on the legacy Leidos growth from that, and then there is also where we have a big development push that we were under a year ago in DHMSM that we're not undergoing right now. And right now we are in the testing phase on DHMSM and next year we'll see another big ramp up on that program as we begin the broad rollout across the Defense Health facilities.
James C. Reagan: Right now, everything is trending exactly where we were expecting and the – as I think we alluded in the call, we're actually ahead of our expected realization of cost reductions. We're pleased with how that's going. And normally, when I see better cost takeout than we had planned, I would've expected more restructuring and severance type expenses, which we haven't been seeing. So, so far the return on the restructuring expenses, I'm feeling, is a little higher than we expected.
James C. Reagan: Okay. So think of our expectation for CapEx at around $60 million, which would be – remember the $475 million is guidance for what is cash flow from operations on the cash flow statement. So you got about $60 million there out of that on CapEx, and then the way we have thought about- what we've said previously the way we think about working capital assumption is about a three day increase from the end of last year to the end of this year embedded in that number, three day increase in DSO. 
James C. Reagan: What we – we talked about CapEx is a little higher, obviously, because we're bigger that – that's $60 million that actually shows up in investing activities part of the cash flow statement, three days of DSO, and then we've also talked about the restructuring costs that show up in the P&L and their cash. So – and that will tail off early next year from a run rate basis.
James C. Reagan: Well, yeah. Before the acquisition of IS&GS we were running about $40 million a year. So, we're getting some great efficiency on a per revenue dollar basis with lower CapEx or a broader portfolio.
James C. Reagan: Yeah, that's right because – and the way we're getting that efficiency is much more effective real estate footprint. We're able to grow into some vacant space, as opposed to go out and procure new space and have resold improvements, et cetera on that.
James C. Reagan: Gosh! When we've talked about 3% growth, we've talked about that as being more in the 2018 and beyond as we begin to realize some revenue synergies that we talked about back in August. These were things that as two standalone businesses neither company would have event bothered bidding, but now we can because of cost structure competitiveness and a broader array of capabilities to bring to our customer set. So, already at the beginning of the any given year, and this year was no exception, we already had visibility in the 80% of our work which was in backlog or high probability of win extensions of contracts. So, you have a go-get. And right now with where we stand on contract growth as well as the awards we have today, that again gives us the kind of condolence that Roger and I talked about relative to our guidance. So, I mean I would think about if you're asking to get to the 3% is that going to be more realized in things that still have to awarded and the kind of revenue synergies we've talked about, I think the answer is yes.
