Jim Reagan: Hey, Rob. This is Jim. Thanks for jump into today. In prior periods, we've talked about one of our programs in the Health business rolling off and into a recompete. That had previously been delayed, which is why for a couple of quarters last year, we had margins in the Health business that were higher than what we had kind of set up as an expectation. That recompete has cycled through. And as a result, I think that the margins that we're seeing now, we can expect to be relatively flat through the year.
Jim Reagan: Yes, just in terms of the book-to-bill that we saw in the Health Group, Rob, again 3.3x. A piece of that came from the DHMSM program, where as a result of a contract mod that we've received, it gives us much better definitization and visibility of the rest of the program and that resulted in a nice slug of additional bookings.
Jim Reagan: Yes. We don't guide to segments and you've heard us talk about that before, but – and we haven't previously, and I don't know if you want to get in the habit of talking about DHMSM and the VA programs in terms of with any precision, what kind of percentage they are of the overall Health business. But I would point out that there is other work that we're executing on in the VA, and within Social Security and with CMS and we consider the Health business is being more than just DHMSM and the VA-EHR program, it is something we are executing very well on across all of the Health segment.
Jim Reagan: What you heard of – say in the commentary, Cai, is that across all of our segments we had lower net EAC write-ups than we did in Q1 a year ago. We had a lot of EAC true-ups a year ago that had up graft in margin. That was more notable in Q1, certainly than it is now. And the level of EAC write-ups, while it is lower than a year ago, it is consistent with the numbers that we had modeled when we provided the forward-looking guidance. And there is some – we will have more detail and the notes to the financials on what those write-ups look like by group.
Jim Reagan: Yes. Shelia, what I would – this is Jim, what I would tell you is that when you're growing nicely across all the segments, particularly as we think about the ramp up of DHMSM in the Health Group, we think about the ramp up of the ASIT award in the Civil Group, which we won last year in the second quarter. We're continuing ramping on that. We have a large DOE program that we won last year. And then, of course, we've won a nice slug of classified contracts over in the Defense Solutions segment. All of these are requiring us to be adding headcount. And so, when we talk about the 2,000 heads – 2,000 associates and employees we've hired across the business there – across all of our business segments.
Jim Reagan: Well, I would call over a couple hundred million dollars, and the beauty of that you've heard us talk about those in other parts of our business – various parts of our business. And we – as soon as we think about them are kind of moving back off the balance sheet, we get another advance payment from a different customer. So these particularly run in the health part of our business, and they're going to run and stay on the balance sheet, roughly half of them will be on the balance sheet still at the end of the year. So it really helps us move the needle on – it does help us move the needle on our non-cash working capital deployment. We were thinking of those in our full year guidance, and it just happened earlier in the year than we expected them to.
Jim Reagan: Yes, the way we had thought about this before is that it was going to be dependent upon hiring that we expected to be somewhat delayed until the second quarter. Our hiring results starting early in this quarter really the back end of Q4 last year enabled us to pull some revenue in from the back end of the year and bring it forward. So that it makes the hockey stick, not so much a hockey stick. And so we've got the backlog there. We now have the people to execute on it. And it gives us like we've said more confidence in our guided targets on the top line.
Jim Reagan: Well, the 2,000 is a gross number, and it covers the need to hire people for programs that are growing, but also to cover our attrition. And think of the net number is being over 600. It puts us on a pace to hire the number that we need to execute on our top line growth expectations. We don't guide to headcount numbers, but think about the total number will need will be hiring at the same pace we did in Q1.
Jim Reagan: Gavin, if I understand your question correctly, it is the way I think about the way you're asking it is, when we're adding these level of people to help us manage direct programs, and these are either people who are direct on program fully billable. Do we need to add any overheads commensurate with that, the notion that we've had since we combined with IS&GS is once we get the efficiencies and the synergies, the cost synergies executed, which we have our ability to leverage the business as we grow the top line is really, really strong. So we view the level of overhead – non-billable overhead to be relatively small. Now with that said, as we grow the top line, it does enable us to absorb more costs in terms of growing the business. So it enables us to spend more on future growth initiatives more R&D, more hire ads and more marketing in B&P dollars.
Jim Reagan: Yes, I think, Roger said it well. If you're thinking about today how much of our revenue is driven by strict manufacturing is relatively small. And when we talk about our comfort level with being more into manufacturing, it's typically like Roger said, light manufacturing and prototyping. And usually it's in conjunction with services that were performing on customer mission. And this enables us to help more with services and product and hardware integration more than thinking about us having a factory, that's not where we're going.
Jim Reagan: Yes. The other thing I would say about the Civil, remember that we're pleased to have been awarded NASA NEST program, looking forward to the get their resolution of that protest. And with that, we'll see – we're expecting to post a pretty nice book-to-bill and revenue number, revenue growth opportunity in the Civil business, and looking forward to getting the decision sometime late this year on Hanford.
Jim Reagan: Yes. This is Jim. Justin, right now the mix between cost plus and fixed is relatively consistent with what we saw last year in 2018. It's probably actually the fixed price and T&M pieces, maybe dropped by a percentage point, which we don't think of that as being material and that move – can move around a little bit through the year. So right now, we like to be able to shape new opportunities to be more outcome based, which we believe is good for customers, it's good for the company and gives us an opportunity to expand margins, but moving that needle isn't something that goes really fast in this business. So I think that right now you can think of us as having the same mix going forward just at least in 2019.
Jim Reagan: Yes, you can think of it on a full year basis or full-year run rate basis is roughly a point of growth.
Jim Reagan: And just in terms of headcount increase, I think that you can think of the net-net, we're looking to increase headcount between 5% and 6.5%. That's going to depend a lot on how execution mix goes in terms of the programs that are ramping, and how much of their content is subcontracted versus requiring our own heads.
Jim Reagan: I think that you probably think of it as being in pace with sales, rather than outgrowing it, because as we've said, there's got to be a little bit of operating leverage at play there, Rob.
Jim Reagan: Yes, as I said, the other part of it is that to the extent that we're able to grow with an increasing share of the revenue content being from Leidos employees as opposed to subcontracted, that could put some upward pressure on headcount number, which for us is a good thing, that enables us to take part of that gross margin and plow it back into things that will grow the business.
Jim Reagan: Yes, no, I understand the question. As DHMSM grows, the margin profile for that program will remain consistent. So we should not be thinking, you should not be thinking of the growth in the DHMSM program is putting downward pressure on margins.
Jim Reagan: The answer is no, Krishna, because the margin on the DHMSM program at the operating income level as it grows will be in line with the average for the rest of the company.
Roger Krone: Okay, Rob, I'll start off, there's like three parts to that. First of all, this is a year of ramp for DHMSM and we've talked about that literally for years. And we're in Wave 1 and we will start what is the second wave, although we collect wave 4 in the fall, and that will allow us to ramp the program, again as we've talked about before. The VA program, we are a smaller piece of that. And again, it's not our program kind of refer you to the prime on that program. And there were some events and some mods in the period that allowed us to books some backlog on DHMSM, and I'll turn it over to Jim for any further comments on that.
Roger Krone: Let's see. Let's see we can cover those in order. We think hopefully NASA NEST’s will be in the month of June, assuming it's the 90 day or 99-day period. Cai, as we all know those things are a little bit unpredictable, but our hope is that we'll reconcile that. We actually have a second smaller opportunity that's also in protest. I think it's with the air force. That's probably a month behind that. And then our sort of three large programs, Navy NextGen, the contractors all bid in the first quarter. So you can expect sort of a mid-year decision. And if there's a protest behind that, then it's pushing the end of the year. It's been – how those things go may or may not, actually be booked by any one this year. And then for us, we have Hanford and GSM-O, or the Global Solutions Management-Operations program. Hanford, again, we are submitted on that with probably later in 2019 and that could be subject to a protest. And then GSM-O is sort of on the same schedule, where which probably in the fall, and again another large multi-billion dollar program that one could expect to be protested. So it's interesting NextGen, Hanford and GSM-O, although all three may get awarded this year, Cai. I think it's likely that those bookings may push into next year, because of protest. But, of course, if they're not protested then the winner will bill out of book then this year.
Roger Krone: Shelia, mostly the bids that I kind of just referred to, because they are we don't quite tell you what the bid price was, but they are currently in the multi-billion dollars. And so it was a – although the usual volume, also I think some awards certainly in civil are probably delayed because of the shutdown. So there's a little bit of accumulation of pipeline there. But it was these large Navy NextGen, Hanford and GSM-O that when you're bidding multiple billion dollars awards. That's what drives the pipeline up so high. But where $36 billion is a record high for us and is kind of an unbelievable number given those of us who've been on this journey for a while, that's kind of exciting, it's a little bit amazing that what this team has been able to do.
Roger Krone: Yes. And Krishna, I would also add, we were recovered from shutdown, perhaps better in first quarter than we anticipated when we put our full year guidance out and close the year. We were just literally a couple weeks out of the shutdown and the customers were good about getting our people back to work. And so, we were able to better balance the four quarters.
Roger Krone: Yes, Gavin, I heard maybe a second part to that question, which is how much is our own value added and then how much is material and major suppliers? And although, every contract is different. And we strive to have more and more Leidos content in all of our bids. If you think about our content being maybe normally in the 60%-ish, so that when we hire a person, it's not quite two-to-one on growth, but there is a multiplier effect when we add people, because with that contract comes a material suppliers and other partners. So it's not a one-to-one on people, it's actually better than one-to-one.
Roger Krone: Yes, probably positive on both of those points, given we actually see a way to maybe a small CR, and then a full budget for both on the defense and on the non-defense side that more agencies are looking at, but I'm hopeful we'll see a two-year deal get us on the other side of the presidential elections. So agencies are now starting to spend and they're balancing the near-term readiness versus long-term spend. And of course, the President and Congress are meeting on infrastructure. We're probably as we speak and we view that as a net positive. The CR is always a little bit of dampening, but kind of what we're hearing is, we will probably get a budget and the numbers on the defense side look to be in sort of like the 730s and the non-defense seems to be about 600, low 630s. And with – if it's a two-year deal with about 3% growth in the out-year for 2021. It's one of the better budget environment. So I think that we all have seen in a long time, and if we can lock in a two-year deal and get us through the presidential politics, it really stabilizes the spending from our customers standpoint get as far into 2021 and 2022.
Roger Krone: Yes. I'll talk a little bit and then Jim, he made out the exact numbers, but let me restate. First and foremost, we tend to be very, very mission aligned. And so, we look at contracts where we go in with a customer we partner in the execution of their agencies mission or even in healthcare. If you think of what we do for Department of Health Affairs, their mission is to provide healthcare to the active military and our opportunity is to team with them and make their electronic healthcare records more efficient. Our products come into play, where they help us to make the mission faster, better or cheaper. And we do like product content, we do reasonable amount of electronic fab. Obviously, in our baggage and vehicle inspection programs that we do CBP and TSA, there's more manufacturing content there. And I know, recently we have said that we are comfortable with products and we are comfortable with what I would call relatively light kind of electronic fab manufacturing. And we would be pleased to see that grow just as a balance in our portfolio, but it's always going to be along the line of helping our customer to achieve a mission. I think there was something that was written, I may have said a week or two ago that's as you know, we don't expect us to be like in the ground vehicle business as a standalone product. We make some controls in displays. We make some small communications equipment. Those are the kind of things that we like to do. Of course, we have this product we call Sea Hunter, which is an autonomous ship, if you think about that that is the Navy surface autonomous mission, and what we really bring to that is the autonomous technology and then to build the ship what we don't actually own a shipyard, we go into the market and try to find an appropriate shipyard and team with them. And if you will use their shipyard for the construction of the ship. And then when we're done, we don't have the shipyard in our portfolio that we have to worry about keeping full. So that's kind of our view of products. I don't know whether Jim wants to add to that or not.
Roger Krone: We certainly have an emphasis on that. And we have a software factory, if you will, in Morgantown, West Virginia, we're building another one in Charlottesville. We're doing a significant software now in Denver, Colorado Springs and San Diego. We still have some customers who want our team think of it within 50 miles of their facility and that puts some constraints on where we hire. And so there's always this emphasis in the national capital region. But we are seeing, I won't call it a seachange, but we are seeing more flexibility on behalf of customers for us to move the work to where we can hire people, and of course the biggest example of that is one of our larger customers, the National Geospatial Agency is actually building a – I wouldn't call it a second headquarters, but a second large facility in St. Louis, Missouri. And of course, St. Louis is a terrific place to hire people. There is some great schools there and they're actually building what's called NGA West in the downtown area, where a lot of millennials and people want to live. And then as they build that facility, obviously, we have a significant presence in St. Louis today, we've a really great team there. And we will bet, we will be adding to that team and what we hope to do is to hire locally from St. Louis University and Wash U and UMSL other schools in that region.
Roger Krone: Let me answer what I think you're asking – feel free to follow-up with a clarification. Let me start with the last question. On civil, we were on track for some relatively significant awards. And then Civil was most impacted by the shutdown. And I can't speak to how disruptive the shutdown is on our customer. And things that might have been in the pipeline and on track, the shutdown may have only been a couple of weeks, but it's a start-stop and that delays and frankly by quarters some of the civil awards. And so we will see some things move to the right in Civil. That being said, if I were to characterize the overall environment, we are seeing our customers getting things through the pipeline. And we've got normally 18 months until we have the same administration or different administration. So I think a lot of our customers are going, we need to get this stuff out under contract and started before we have a potential change at administration. And as a result, we're seeing a lot of this stuff now start to come through. There's I think efficiency initiatives almost across the board and trying to think of new ways, what we call other transaction agreements 804s, 845s, 809s, and how to get things under contract. So the environment writ large is a positive one with a little bit of a delay in Civil because of the shutdown.
Roger Krone: Let's see. First of all, I think we have seen – we and the industry has seen Jacobs broaden and diversify their portfolio. So I don't see whether it's Jacobs or KBR or AECOM. I don't see that is a change, I think it is a trend. And honestly, it really speaks to the excitement around our strategy, we like where we're, we're not surprised that others want to be here. And we think it's an attractive market, it's got both long-term positive aspects for top line and bottom line. It doesn't change the way we think about M&A. We were very fortunate and able to get our deal done about three years ago. We're fully integrated on that. We now think about our Company and our markets as where do we want to be; what supports our strategy; we want to be thoughtful and careful and the moves that we make; we're always looking for intrinsic value. But we have used the word M&A more so recently than we had maybe two years ago when we were heavy into integration. And if we find something that enhances our strategy and provides capability or access to our customer that we don't have, then clearly we have the balance sheet to be able to play. But that being said, we're going to be thoughtful and look for properties that are important to us and that meet our long-term strategy.
Roger Krone: Yes, I'm not sure I would say holding back. I think some organizations are just more efficient and faster at turning authorizations in appropriations into procurements and others are slower. The Pentagon is a fairly mature organization in getting things purchased and their emphasis that we've seen out of Secretary Shanahan and the acquisition execs in the services is to accelerate that. And some of the work on other transactions authorities and moving fast have really come from the three services, which now have acquisition authority. And so we've seen encouragement there. As we go around all the other agencies, FAA, NASA, Department of Energy, it's a mixed bag as to how fast they're moving. But there is – nothing that is slower, right. So I think all the agencies are trying to move faster, some are just better at it than others.
Roger Krone: Well, for a while, couple of points we made at the merger was, we wanted to use our size and scale to go after larger jobs. And we have done that. And in fact, if we had to choose a $5 million kind of a program with the customer versus their $1.5 billion program. We definitely want to make sure that we are fully pursuing the large multi-billion dollar program. There is a point where we will continue to expand as we grow our top line and we grow our ability to generate new business funds and our marketing dollars. And we're not there yet, but there will be a point where growth in our pipeline will mean to go to adjacencies and agencies that maybe we are not, where we don't have a presence with today. But we're not quite there yet. We're taking this kind of one year at a time and we plot through what are the agencies planning on doing, like the Army is rethinking how they procure IT. And so we're having discussions with the army on what that would look like, that's likely to be multi-billion. And so there's still plenty of pipeline that we can go chase in the addressable markets that we have today.
