Roger Krone: Well, let's see, on DHMSM we will be at our current revenue level or higher for another couple years. And Sheila, as you know, our Health Group has traditionally been our highest margin and our highest growth area and it's not surprising to us that others have seen the market as attractive as we have. And the interesting thing about the Health market is, it's always been highly competitive, and whether it's one of our competitors getting into one of our traditional businesses, it's just changing the name of the competitor. And it is a very much a commercial world and now we see the Biden Administration, maybe the Human Infrastructure Bill as it comes to pass, is continuing to increase the spend. And we think it raises the importance of agencies like CMS and Social Security. And that's going to attract maybe some new competitors and maybe some non-traditional competitors which in our strategic view of the market, we have always expected. And we believe we are successful in that market because we offer value added service to our customers and we are if you will sharpening our tools and getting ready for what we think will be a significant growth in the top line in the market overall.
Roger Krone: Yes, just starting with the last one, think of the recovery on the international receivable is $2 million or $3 million or so. I think more fundamentally the businesses performed well on execution basis. Companies with portfolios of our size always have a program or two that are not making their planned margins, but the execution in the Defense Group has been going pretty well, including the strong management of indirect costs, which has also been something that's provided them with a lift. Now that said, we do have an R&D budget that we under spent a bit in the fourth quarter and we expect that the level of R&D spending to tick up a bit through the balance of the year. And that's important for our long-term strategic priorities that are going to grow the business at strong levels going forward. Last thing that I would say is that there's -- as we think about the margin in defense for the rest of the year, it's going to continue to be strong, but I don't think you should necessarily be thinking of the Q1 level as being something you'll see every quarter for the rest of the year.
Roger Krone: Yes, let me start with the backlog. So, just for everyone on the line, we do medical exams for those people who are looking for disability benefits. Our largest customer is the VA, but we do them across the board. And during COVID there was a period of time we were shut down and a period time that our efficiency was diminished because of social distancing, and so there was a inventory or backlog of people who want these exams. And it grew up pretty much through last year to really for us, an all time high. Our commitment has been to work literally nights and weekends to over staff our clinics to work off the backlog. And we're benefiting in this quarter by that although we did have some weather in Texas and other states that damped our quarter down just a little bit. But we think it will take us into the third quarter before we get back to our normal run rate. That's our best estimate today Cai and we look at that level. The team looks at it every day. I look at it. Jim and I look at it on a weekly basis. We look at it by region and by type of exam. But we're making good progress. The backlog is significant and we think it's probably going to affect third quarter as well. And this is all positive by way as it was severely negative a year ago and we talked through that a year ago. As we think about the increase in the budget and about all we know at this point Cai, is what agencies look like they're getting the increase and we are all waiting for the PB to come out. But it does look like these are agencies for which we have a significant presence and significant heritage contract. So, it's civil infrastructure, it's also some health. I mentioned in my prepared remarks there's going to be ports and borders and airports, FAA infrastructure, those seem to be prime. There's probably going to be some roads and bridges, which is not really all that relevant to us. We think there may be some smart cities, smart highways, and we do have some contracts with the Department of Transportation, so we may benefit there. But the details are yet to be revealed and when we are on the call next quarter we will have the budget and we will be able to address those better then, but thanks for your question Cai.
Roger Krone: Yes, Gavin it's really hard to handicap the most watched sport in the national capital region which is our political process. Yes, I think they're going to go to conference. I don't think they're going to try reconciliation, but they could. And if central mansion [ph] from West Virginia, who has some influence, I think they'll come down a little bit and defense may go up. There are some politicians that we talked to who say it's, assume it's sequester and it's a tit for tat. So, if you're going to take Civil up, you have to take Defense up. I don't think that's exactly where we're going to land. I think we're probably going to have higher growth number on Civil than Defense. And by the way the Defense number, depending upon where you call it, 704, 715 or 753, does include the pay raise and now all go [ph] in the base budget. So if you look at it from that standpoint, the overall you could say has some downward pressure. The areas that we compete we view as just generally flat. We are though, I think when the dust settles and we get through this year and we get a bill, are expecting maybe high single or low double-digit increase on the Civil side. And that's going to benefit our Health and our Civil Group. We've already, as you would expect, put teams together to try to anticipate where those funds are going to be spent and to make sure that we're doing the prep work to get ready to provide customers value on programs that they're going to come forward with. We actually think cybersecurity is a good area for us. We think DHS is what's called the CISA which is their cybersecurity office which tends to deal with cybersecurity in the dotcom space. We expect them both to get money in the base bill and money in the infrastructure bill. So, cybersecurity overall looks like a good place to be. Thanks Gavin.
Roger Krone: Yes, let's see, I think it's too premature to give you a number. But for instance when I said research, we are safer, healthier, and more efficient through IT, engineering, and science. And a lot of people have forgotten about our science work. And so, we run the National Cancer Lab for NCI as part of HHS. We also run the National Energy Lab up in Pittsburgh for the Department of Energy and that's another great program where -- and we do essentially early stage 62 [ph] kind of R&D and we expect certainly the Energy Lab in Pittsburgh where in the last administration we did a lot of work around coal and how we can burn coal cleaner and more efficient. We would expect this administration will spend a lot of money on renewable. And we see the charter and the work in the National Energy Technology Lab really growing as we think about wind and solar and hydro, and so that will grow. And then there are a lot of other places, we do work on the Defense Threat Reduction Agency and really across the board we do some work for the Army up in Fort Detrick, in the medical field. And so, we don’t talk a lot about it because there's not a big contract like Navy NextGen in our science work. But our heritage of doing early stage scientific work is alive and well and of course as everyone knows we were founded as the science application company. And so we still have a fair amount of business in that early stage work.
Roger Krone: Let's see, we obviously don't guide by below -- we don’t guide by segment much less by program and so we're not going to do that now. We have said that the SDA business overall has been impacted by COVID and there is less airport traffic and so that's affected the business. And more so overseas, where funding is tied to the ticket surcharges. So, we are going to be below our business case when we bought the L3 business for this year. That being said, in the U.S., we continue to see strong activity by TSA and Customs and Border patrol in buying equipment, because in the U.S. the purchasing dollars are really not tied to volume, they're tied to the Federal budget. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we got an award on VACIS. We had gotten an award on rail at the border. We are bidding on upgrading, adding something called CT at the check point at major airports. We actually have a prototype in demo at Dallas. If you come and visit us you will likely, well if you leave from here you will go through our CT at the checkpoint scanner at Dallas Airport. And we would expect some of the infrastructure dollars out of the Stimulus Bill to be spent on ports and borders, maybe some on airport and we're already working at those opportunities. I'll also tell you that really country by country, you know some countries are down. There are other country opportunities that have popped up that were not in our plan. So, it's always a mixed bag, but if you were to walk away from the call, I want everyone to know that the pandemic still has affected the SD&A business and where we might have expected we'd be fully recovered at the end of this year or into next year. We think it's probably the end of '22, beginning of '23 before we're back to normal volume.
Roger Krone: Yes, Mariana, it is a great question. The contracts that you are bringing up, we did not bid on it. That is a -- that's a contract to support the maintenance of the checked baggage screening machines. And we chose to really pursue a path of bidding on the larger contract, which is checkpoint equipment of all kinds, whether it's the screening machines or scanners or trace detection equipment. And we were concerned that to try to bid both of them could compromise our ability to get the bigger prize which is the one we're pursuing and you should hear about it sometime this month.
Roger Krone: Well, we currently hold what I think is the largest contract for the maintenance of the checkpoint screening equipment and while the TSA has divided that up, we have consistently gotten good performance ratings and we think that we're well positioned to win a big piece of that work later this month.
Roger Krone: Well see, I'll start off and let Jim kind of catch you up on numbers. First of all on the Dynetics integration the team is going really well. You know there growth on a standalone basis is really eye watering. And we've integrated our Leidos Innovation Center into Dynetics to better cross fertilize our technology with their technology and that has really created a lot of excitement and we will see dividends of that in quarters to come. But performance at Dynetics is really solid and they continue to win programs in their relevant area and our hypersonic glide body facility is up and running. I was down there two weeks ago, three weeks ago, it's going classified. We actually have parts that we're building and really across the board Dynetics is going well. I will give you a little bit of insight on HLS. I can't give you much. So there were three bidders two of which everybody in the country knows and us, and the contract was given to SpaceX and upon our debrief and our review we felt that things needed a closer look, and so we did file a protest, and I'm not going to disclose a lot of what's in our protest. There is some stuff out on the web. There was a good article written out of the Washington Post that I would refer you to and I would also caution that the Washington Post is owned by one of the companies that was a competitor, but I still thought that the article was very thoughtful and is a good basis of trying to understand what's going on in the HLS program. And because our protest is really sort of and it's not quite a lawsuit, but it is certainly a dispute with a customer, I'd just rather not comment at length on our protest, but they typically last about 99 days and so in a couple months we will see what comes out of the HLS program.
Roger Krone: Hey Jim, I think the question may be around, you know we break it out in page 14 of our calculation in the back, but after 12 months we break it off and so what you're seeing, $83 million number, yes, the 83, that's a sub period. So you don’t, you should not think of that as being the Q1 revenue from Dynetics and so I think Dave, what you might be seeing is just a partial period there and it might be misleading here to think that the revenue is down in Dynetics when in fact Dynetics is still continuing to performance well.
James Reagan: Well, you know, in Health we've got the backlog burn down that we talked about that because of the way the operating leverage in that segment works, the margins are going to be a little higher than normal through the second quarter of the year. Those margins will damp down a bit in the backend. But unless we find that healthcare costs are lower than we expect and if we find that our ability to generate proposals is more efficient somehow than we are currently modeling, I think that you could expect the margins to be a little bit lower in the back end of the year and that is across the board, yes.
James Reagan: Yes, just to pile on that, that also delivers a benefit for the customer because when we have more latitude in how to deliver a solution as opposed to something that's prescribed in a cost type contract, it allows us to help the customer save some money too.
James Reagan: Yes, absolutely. The change in the guide is really as I said in the prepared remarks, the result of the expected cash coming in from the MSA settlement. We clearly believe that we should be moving back toward a conversion rate of about 100%. The headwinds for this year really are the reversal of all the tailwinds we had last year. And going forward into '22 the only real change in conversion would be because of significant growth that will require the funding of working capital for receivables and you know, think of that as being roughly, the net amount of that, net of payables is about 27 days of sales is kind of the net working capital metric that we model based on.
James Reagan: Yes, historically the Civil segment has had a little bit more volatility in its operating income margin number, primarily as a result of the timing of delivery of product out of the security products business and this year will be no exception to that. We have some orders that are in the pipe that are being built, probably you will see those ship in the second half of the year and you can probably see volatility on the other end for that, that's what our forecast is telling us.
James Reagan: Yes, and in terms of the numbers, it is our policy that we don't include pro forma pre-acquisition revenues in calculating our growth rate. And so we didn't include strong growth that Dynetics had on a standalone basis last year in our growth numbers. Now that it's -- we had it for a year. We are including it and we do expect that as it is a part of the Defense Solutions segment, we expect that to show some continued growth into 2022 and 2023.
