Walter P. Havenstein: Thanks, Mark. I would like to conclude by thanking the more than 41,000 employees who remain focused and dedicated to solving our customer's and country's most difficult problem. Their dedication and commitment provides the foundation of growing our enterprise.  With that, we'll turn it over for questions. Stacy, we are now ready to take questions.
Walter P. Havenstein: Well, we saw certainly at the end of Q4 of the government's last fiscal year some upticks right at the end. And that continued a bit apace, but we saw, just like we'd expect to see at the beginning of this fiscal year, which represented 2 periods of our fiscal Q3, a little slowing of the pace more normal to what we saw last year. And if you recall, we were disappointed in the pace of award decisions at the latter half of the government's fiscal year. And frankly, that was the basis for our reduced guidance going into the balance of our fiscal year. But I'd say the pace is pretty much normalized to where we saw it during the end of -- in the end of the last 2 quarters of the government fiscal year.
Walter P. Havenstein: Well, I think, first of all, in the context of their inability to reach a decision on the -- with regard to that committee, although it's disappointing, frankly, I don't think it's having a damaging impact to our business simply because the pace is based upon the FY '12 continuing resolution, and that's frankly what we expected to see for this quarter. And I think we're -- I'm reasonably bullish that they'll actually get to an omnibus before the end of this quarter. And as we kind of said 2 quarters ago, we thought by the end of this calendar year, we'd see things normalize within the government. And I think, frankly, that's regardless of the results of the super committee.
Walter P. Havenstein: Yes. They have to either do that or come up with some continuing resolution, and I think there's a -- if they can get some of the policy issues resolved, I think there's a fairly good chance that they'll come up with an omnibus bill for the balance of the -- for the budgets for FY '12.
Walter P. Havenstein: I know you appreciate the difficulty we have in describing in any more detail, frankly, beyond what we've just discussed with you today given that the U.S. attorney investigation is an ongoing investigation and we still have areas to resolve. So frankly, I think it'd be inappropriate for us to give you any more color on that at this point. I wish we could, but it just would be inappropriate.
Walter P. Havenstein: Cai, I think first of all, we won't give guidance up or down right now for the next fiscal year simply because I still think there's some priority shifting that's ongoing for the balance of fiscal '12. I think the best indicator we have is our win rate and our increasing backlog. And frankly, the fact that we have such a large number of proposals that are in the submit stage awaiting award. And I think that's all I'd like to say about it, but I'm bullish on the performance we've seen in the third quarter as an indicator of what next year should look like.
Walter P. Havenstein: Yes. I think what we saw, we saw in the last few weeks of September an uptick in orders, which represented the first part of our Q3. And then we saw the first couple of periods of our -- the next couple of periods of our Q3, which represented the first 1.5 months or so of the current fiscal year return to the normalcy we saw during the early parts of the summer and late spring. So I would say the normalcy we saw for most of 2012 is pretty much continuing. We are seeing more RFPs right now and in some of our areas like cybersecurity, and we are, most recently, we've seen at least in our case a couple of nice $100 million wins in the last few weeks. So we're -- I think it will be more comparable to what we saw in our second quarter as opposed to the end of our third quarter.
Walter P. Havenstein: I would tell you I don't know that we think about it strictly as a result of sequestration. We do and have been planning for the last couple of years that the budgets will flatten and tip in the 2012 and 2013 time frame, that's exactly what's happening. And the way we've dealt with that is we have put more and more emphasis, especially on our investments, on areas within our markets that we believe will be enduring and offer higher growth opportunities in the market as a whole, and those are the ones that we covered earlier. Those are within national security, ISR, logistics, readiness and sustainment, cybersecurity and then our health IT business and our energy business, and I think that's how we're dealing with the inevitable budget reductions. And that's very consistent with what we've said for the last 24 months. And frankly, I think we're starting to see that pay off. The additional IR&D that we've used this year and BNP that we've used this year and the allocation of our SG&A has been focused on those higher -- potentially higher growth areas, and we believe those growth areas, notwithstanding the budget downturn, will continue to have an enduring nature, and so that's how we are dealing with, from a strategic standpoint, dealing with the inevitable downturn in the budget. At the same time, we have continued to take cost out of our infrastructure and starting with our project alignment activities several years ago and that continues. So becoming more cost efficient, targeting our investments to the potentially higher growth areas within a declining budget is exactly how we're approaching that condition.
Walter P. Havenstein: Well, they certainly have to be articulate. No, I think it'd probably be inappropriate for me to talk about the specifics of the search. Frankly, it's at the discretion of the board.
Walter P. Havenstein: Well, if you remember, we had some very, very strong bookings at the end of last year and the beginning of this year that funded -- that has been funding and we'll continue to fund the growth within the cyberspace. And so the cyberspace will slow in this quarter simply because they had such a big second quarter, as did ISR, right? I shouldn't say cyber had a big ED in the last year and early beginning of this year, ISR had a big second quarter. And so that's really the difference. And yes, we've seen a significant uptick in proposal activity in our third quarter and now going into our fourth quarter, so we expect that to normalize with the rest of the business.
Walter P. Havenstein: That's a good question. About -- we expect to see a run rate over that 7 years of nominally $100 million a year. And the margin will be a little lower, all right. And that is how we bid it and that's what we expect, but it's a magnificent contract for us, and I think will be generating EPS for us for a long time to come.
Walter P. Havenstein: It's going to go up. But frankly, I don't have it in the tip of my fingers, the exact amount that it will, percentage-wise that it will go up, but it will go up slightly. I'd tell you this. This past period, this last month, is the highest in-country content of SAIC employees in the AOR since the action began in Afghanistan. And notwithstanding the flatlining and in some cases declining of local funding, the nature of the things that we do -- we're doing, we expect to see continue for the foreseeable future.
Walter P. Havenstein: Mike, I'm not going to talk about a future competitive contract, all right? Frankly, I'm not even sure we have a position -- established position on our bidding on that contract yet. So I'm going -- I'll just -- I'll tell you this when we [indiscernible]
Mark W. Sopp: I don't spend a lot of time looking at gross margin to be honest with you, George. We look at profit rates and I was pretty careful to separate out the nonrecurring items. So in my book, we've had strong profitability other than the special items all year. We've had strong award fee scores. We did have quite a bit of material shipments in the third quarter from our nonintrusive inspection business, but we also had some pass-throughs as well that might have some impact on what you're looking at. We had one material order for $30 million alone, that was no fee for example. So that said, I think we've had pretty consistent profitability to include the gross margin coupled with the pretty efficient absorption of our SG&A all year and strong performance on the fixed price and award fee areas to keep us above that 8% that I referred to.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, the share count is unchanged by the charges and it's right on the face of the income statement. If I'm understanding your question, George, the 329, the share...
Mark W. Sopp: That's miniscule to clarify that. That's very tiny, okay. With respect to Vitalize, I'll just say this, that on a full year basis, it's north of $100 million. And so, it's between $100 million and $200 million and that's about all I want to say. One quarter is, I think, a little too much in this context.
Mark W. Sopp: The bulk of the provision we took would represent our best estimate of the resolution at this time. But as Walt said, this is an ongoing matter and there could be changes to that as we hopefully reach a resolution. There's some outstanding receivable that would be baked into the process, so it doesn't exactly agree to the provision in our books. But for orders of magnitude, the provision is a reasonable proxy of the cash flow other than the receivable we have which is $40 million. And what we're saying in the guidance is while it's certainly possible that a resolution happens this fiscal year, we would not call that likely, and that the sort of resolution and eventual payments and cash outflows would be next fiscal year. And so as a result of that, we decided not to put it in this year's cash flow guidance, but we were clear to state that assumption just in case a faster resolution does occur.
Mark W. Sopp: Yes, that would be on annualized number. I gave you a pretty wide range, but I'll tell you that the business is performing very well and is growing well in the double-digit pace, and we expect that to continue.
Mark W. Sopp: Sure. You cannot reserve for costs of that nature, lawyers, consultants, et cetera so you expense those as they are incurred so they're not part of our loss provision. However, our guidance does reflect our estimate of our ongoing legal costs and other costs related to this matter so we covered that base.
Mark W. Sopp: If it's significant, we'll talk about it in the context of our fiscal '13 discussion. But in the context of our overall SG&A, it's still not significant today. And again, it's fully covered in the guidance and not impactful to our overall results.
Mark W. Sopp: It's whatever the funding period is from the contracting officer. So it can be a year, it can be more.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, I will say that the R&D expenses are going up pretty significantly year-over-year. As I mentioned, up 50% this year over last year, so that is climbing and that is fully in the SG&A, but we have offset it to a significant degree in other G&A-related costs. You want to make sure you redo the revenue numbers for CityTime as well when you're doing your calculations because there weren't any other major SG&A hits or credits in the quarter that I can think of other than ongoing increases in the R&D and reductions in G&A pursuant to our various initiatives in place.
Mark W. Sopp: We don't want to give point estimates within the range. But actually, based on the experience we're seeing in the market and the comments Walt made earlier, the historical projection we've had in the past or historical distribution of revenues from Q3 to Q4, that general pattern, we expect to be the case, so we expect Q4 will be a downtick from Q3 by some measure. That's in part due to a lesser number of productive workdays and holidays. But on the other hand, we have, as Walt said, we've got some good opening backlog and some good momentum and some areas ramping up. So expect a downtick, but not too different than historical trends.
