Chris Cage: Yeah Jason, good to talk to you this morning and way to get us started trying to give us long-term guidance questions. But, I would say on the second part of your question relative to the supplemental, it's not an area that we've had very much exposure to at all. Some of the work that we've done there has actually been through our U.K. customer and a little bit of Airborne Support work. So that's not a – hasn't been a driver for us and therefore it's not a risk as that particular funding stream potentially, comes under some pressure going forward.
Chris Cage: Yeah Ken, just to add on a little bit, obviously the disability examination work has been a standout, but there's a lot more going on as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and really looking to extend our reach on some existing programs and there's plenty more new programs in the pipeline the team's pursuing, so excited about the prospects there. As we said in our guidance, we'll continue the outperformance from a top-line growth perspective heading into ‘24. On the margin front, a slight pullback, but that's really because we're continuing to invest, we're investing in our capabilities, we're investing to improve the workflow and the infrastructure to allow for that increased volume on the disability exam front. And really what's important about that is making sure the veterans get served and we love to see those volumes increase. And clearly that's not a baseline assumption in our forward guidance that we see a higher level of activity there, but it's certainly a scenario that we have to be prepared for, and so we're making sure we're ready to step up to meet that demand if it happens.
Chris Cage: Sure. Yeah, absolutely, Sheila. Thank you. So, the National Security and Digital Segment combines a couple pieces of our business, one of which is our new digital modernization sector, and that's the one that we see a lot of uplift over time. Steve Hull and the team have already highly energized around bringing together some commonality that we've been using to serve multiple customers and bringing those into repeatable solutions. And so we're often running there and really looking at how we get that leverage from a combined bench, a combined workforce and investing class tools and repeatable solutions. So we see that opportunity. And then, of course, within the core, National Security work we do with our Intel customers, that has been exceptionally well run. And we continue to expect excellent program execution and performance and maximizing our opportunities with that client base as well. But the longer term margin improvement that we see in the near term relates to the gains we can make in digital monetization space.
Chris Cage: Sheila, I'd only add on, obviously again, as we gave you some color commentary on the new segments, there is a lot of gas in the tank that we see on Defense Systems and Commercial & International. They'll step up in margins in ’24, but that could be a multi-year runway for those pieces of the business and so we've been on this journey for a period of time now. Tom's come in and accelerated that journey, and I think we're seeing what the team's capable of. So excited about where the margins could go over time.
Chris Cage: Well, one more point Mariana, back to the Defense Systems. We talked about hypersonics, but in addition to that, the force protection work that we talked about in the past. The team has been working hard on the IFPC Enduring program and we're excited about the fact that we delivered some of the first fieldable prototype launchers in December. That will transition into a phase here early in the year, but we're looking forward to a potential award in that particular area on LRIP [ph] and then full rate production later in the year and that also is a growth catalyst that we see. So when you start to look at that CAGR over a multi-year time horizon, our expectations is those businesses will be accelerating, and Tom talked to a couple of key points there that we see driving that activity.
Chris Cage: Yeah, just to add some color and I will stay away from specifics, but obviously this is a program we expect that will build in revenue and profitability over the life of the contract and a long contract like this does have a ramp up period. Tom's right, and we were encouraged by the order activity, some long lead items that will actually contribute to revenue in ‘25 even, but we're rounding it out. The profile is going to depend greatly upon what those particular technical solutions, but we're leveraging our vendor network, we're leveraging AI, we've got a great team. There are some activity that we're not interested in low margin work, so some of the pass through will not show up as revenue for Leidos, but overall you can expect this to be an accretive margin program to Leidos overall and with a ramping revenue profile probably more later in the year.
Chris Cage: Yeah Peter, it's Chris. Let me get started with a little bit of color on DES and then turn it to Tom. I mean. You know again this has been a longer growth story than we originally anticipated, but it's a nice one. The team is performing exceptionally well. We've actually extended from one task order now to five active task orders under the program, and it will be on a growth trajectory over the still the next couple years. ‘24 will be stronger than ‘23 on both the top and bottom line and we've seen good migration on the planning efforts, working closely with the customer, and the DAFA’s to get them ready for more migrations as we progress through 2024. So all I can tell you is it'll be a contributor to growth this year, not as significant as maybe once envisioned, but really looking forward to that growth rate continuing to accelerate later this year and into ‘25.
Chris Cage: Yeah Noah. Hey, this is Chris. I'll get started and maybe Tom can talk big picture. So Civil is obviously more than SES, but that kind of is implicit is where you're going. And I really applaud the team for great progress and ‘23 to right the ship, and ultimately revenue and margins were in line with our expectations. So the SES business itself is improving. We were higher on revenues year-over-year, but minimal contribution sequentially from product mix. So as we pivot into ’24, we'll expect the pattern to kind of not be as pronounced as in ’23, but probably lower in the early part of the year, accelerating towards the back half of the year, how we see that rolling out right now. We're not all the way done, but we are you know well down the road on executing all of the turnaround efforts that we put in place and some of the things where we're exiting certain geographies. That's a thoughtful, carefully orchestrated process, right, that takes sometimes many quarters to fully see it through. But I'd say, we're in line with where we had hoped to be at this point in time and I think the business is looking forward to better days ahead.
Chris Cage: Yeah Bert, obviously the inflationary environment has been volatile, but it's been improving. And so as we progress into ’24, our outlook in that regard is it's moderated down relative to where we were a year ago. So I'm not worried that we've got an imbalance between our top line and bottom line as it relates to inflationary impacts on the business. We've anticipated a robust merit pool for our labor costs and we understand how those will be passed along to certain customers under our cost reimbursement programs. But our pricing patterns have anticipated this inflationary environment now over the last couple years. So as it relates to protecting the margin, the downside on inflation, I feel good about where we're positioned there. Obviously, on the outlay side, there's always this lag, right, between the budget and the outlay and the timing that it's difficult to project. Certainly it's an area that we could see some things accelerate in the near term, depending upon how we get through March in the budget environment. But right now I'd say that, that's not a significant driver as far as any pent up outlays that we're waiting to have, happen to drive significant growth catalyst for us.
Chris Cage: Yeah, sure Matt. And I mean, it's a nuanced situation, so there's some variables you got to think through. Obviously, looks like it may be retroactive. And so if that were to be the case, and if there is a path forward to recovery, monies that were previously paid in the year, and then we have some state taxes that have to follow suit. If all that lines up, it could be north of $200 million of benefit to Leidos. There'd be a little bit of modest uplift on the effective tax rate. But net-net, it would be a great benefit to the company and add to that additional amount of capital we'd have to consider how we deploy appropriately in the later part of the year. So a little bit over $200 million plus, not having to pay the $60 million that we've got teed up in ‘24. So goodness all around.
Tom Bell: And just for clarity, the third part of that business is our LinC, our Leidos Innovation Center. And so while that has historically been home roomed under our Dynetics subsidiary, we've pulled that up to the CTO level, so that the innovation and entrepreneurial spirit that it deploys, can be deployed for all the sectors and all the segments of Leidos. So that's the third part of that component Sheila, just for clarity.
Tom Bell: Yeah, how high is high? We don't know, Sheila. And that's part of the enjoyment of 2024 and the challenge that we're giving each of the sector presidents to come forward with their sector best-in-class growth and profitability plan. Obviously, we're guiding to mid to high teens in 2024. Obviously, that is already at a pretty world class level. Excuse me, high tens.
Tom Bell: That would be someday. But mid to high 10s. But you know, in the fourth quarter, we hit 11.4. So is cresting over 11 out of the range of possibilities some year in the future? I don't know. We'll see. But we're very focused on restoring bottom line growth as we increase top line growth. And as a result of both of them, it'll be a very accretive business from a cash standpoint.
Tom Bell: Yeah Mariana, let me start and then I'll hand it over to Chris also. Obviously CHS-6, a major franchise win for Leidos in the fourth quarter of last year, one we're very proud of the team for. And it's a model that we expect to deploy going forward where we bring customers a value proposition that is compelling to them, both in the delivery we can give them and the speed with which we can spool up to solve their problems. But, one of the things that is not understood about CHS-6 is it's actually a very broad mandate for the customer and it's not just IT, it's the whole C-5 ISR domain. And so not only is it broad in what the customer can procure through CHS-6, but it's also a great example of how we can use the breadth and scale of Leidos to solve problems for customers. So not only is that home-roomed in one sector, but the Dynetics business is going to be a key part of helping it deliver for our customers. So we're very happy about that and the basic catalog is being built out and the orders are starting to come in, but Chris will give you some more details on that.
Tom Bell: Well, I would just add Josh, there's two macro headwinds that informed the conservative end of our range. One was the over performance in 2023 that makes year-on-year comparators difficult, and in this case challenging. We are very proud of our performance in ‘23, but that creates a headwind for ‘24 year-on-year revenue growth, against also the backdrop of the budget situation that is not yet crystal clear here in Washington, DC. And so while the 2% provisions against the worst case scenario in that, we will be working with the team to meet or exceed the high end of that range as we prosecute the year. So you can be sure we won't be satisfied if we just hit the bottom end of that range.
Tom Bell: The Gremlins program was a fantastic demonstration of our prowess in aerospace. For those that don't know it, it was a remotely piloted vehicle that was also recaptured and then brought on board another manned aircraft. So a fantastic capability. But at this point, no. No, there's no discussions going on with the customers around that program going forward, although it has spawned other unmanned capabilities that we are talking to customers about, that help inform possible growth aspects for our Defense Systems business.
Tom Bell: Thanks. Thanks, Louis. Yes, so the beauty of Pillar 2 of AUKUS is not only our presence in the U.S., the UK and Australia. But the fact that the work that is being done in those countries right now in the area that you referenced, is to a large degree already a place that we're playing in. So the beauty of AUKUS is an incentive for the nations to collaborate. We are very excited about the opportunities that gives us to lower the thresholds of sharing data. And obviously there's also big parts of the AUKUS legislation that lower those trade barriers, lower the ITAR restrictions and allow greater data sharing. So we see it as an open door for us to promulgate Leidos capabilities that hereto for Louis, kind of to your question, have been so piped in one country or the other across all those countries, and allow these great allies to punch above their weight collectively.
Tom Bell: And Peter, I'm going to answer you’re – the punch line first and then give you some color. No, M&A is not a priority in 2024. It continues to be in the playbook, but subordinated to other deployments of cash. As Chris articulated in his prepared comments, we've already provisioned to repurchase $500 million worth of Leidos shares this year. I'm happy to share with you that that is not all the bullets in our ammunition. We have other ability to deploy cash for great ideas that start to come out of the strategy process that I spoke to. And we're very excited about bringing forward those ideas and deploying cash responsibly, organically in great capabilities and great technologies that will enable us to have differentiated solutions going forward. Ultimately the five sector strategies that the Presidents are building will not ignore M&A, but the primary focus first and foremost will be what are the gaps, what are the needs we see our customers needing and how do we position Leidos best for those over time. Obviously if we can build it, we have the funds and the capability to provision for that. But if it's better, faster, cheaper and more expeditious for us to buy that, then M&A can come back into the playbook. But those will be a very thoughtful process through this year of strategy, where we carefully think through the playbook for what inorganic plays make sense for the North Star strategy we're creating. I hope that helps Peter.
Tom Bell: Yeah, I would echo that Noah. And just give a quick shout out to Vicki who has taken on the responsibilities for this sector with great vim and vigor, and the person leading SES, Michael Van Gelder, just a rock star for us at Leidos. And they are taking this reset business and really they are excited about the opportunities that the market is presenting to us to grow, both in the traditional places and non-traditional places. So they and we remain bullish on the long term outlook for this business and we're excited to be in this aspect of the market.
Tom Bell: Yeah, I mean Noah, it's a little nuance there, and you know again without too many specifics, just keep in mind, in Q3 we did have a request for like a little adjustment. That contributed some uplift in profitability and Q4 we benefited from nice incentive performance. I think our commentary in the past and it still holds true is, the customer is expecting industry to continue to step up volumes to meet the increased demand and therefore the threshold on throughput continues to rise to achieve full incentive. So early in the year our expectation is we'll have some work to do to be ready to be able to prosecute that level of demand to earn full incentives. So therefore it's probably safer to assume that pattern will improve as the year progresses forward. The main point is, investing to make sure are the veterans get treated and seen and get the care and the benefits they are entitled to and we are looking forward to continue to make those investments to prosecute that work as timely as possible.
Tom Bell: And I – if you don't mind, Bert, I'm going to piggyback on that to give some comments about our people. We ended the year with 47,000 employees, up about 3% year-on-year. But the most exciting thing about our whole HR system in 2023 was attrition at very good levels for our industry, low levels for our industry. And one of the reasons we do that is not only do we have a competitive structure in our compensation plan, but we also are investing in our talented employees with technical upskilling, which is being taken up by thousands of our employees who remain curious about things like AI and Cyber and Autonomy. And the technical upskilling we have allows us to hold on to those employees and upskill them in place, because as you'll appreciate, it's one thing to pay for talent. It's a whole different ball of wax to have to constantly bring on new talent. So we're very excited about the attrition rates being low, the uptake in our technical upskilling being very high, and therefore that being a lever that we're using to manage our personnel costs.
Tom Bell: Yeah, the short answer to that is, yes, we do think there are opportunities for us to grow this business, and that is the very task that Liz and her team are undertaking. It's one thing to say yes, there are opportunities. It's another thing to think how do we prudently and purposefully execute a plan to grow that business in the lowest risk possible. That's very much what Liz and her team are focused on right now and part of the process that we'll be reviewing through the year.
Tom Bell: Sure. There's actually two parts of that equation, Matthew. One of the things that we're focused very much on with our link being elevated to our CTO office is CRAD [ph]. So making sure that we get customer focused IRAD, which has a two prong benefit. (A), it is doing the things that the customers need done. So that points you in the direction of what is the scratch they want to itch, but also its funded work that we can co-invest in. So we're very focused on targeting CRAD in the areas of technology that are going to differentiate us going forward, and we're very much focused on matching our investment, our IRAD in those focused areas also. Macro picture, obviously Software, Cyber, AI, Maritime Autonomy are four of the top things we're investing in. But again, as part of the strategy process, we're asking each sector to identify the Golden Bolts that will truly differentiate them over the coming three to five years, so as to give them solutions to the customer problems that are emerging over that same period of time. So we have an articulated playbook of focused IRAD. We have an articulated playbook of CRAD that we're going after, but we're also creating organically a poll from the businesses of what would you have me invest in that will differentiate my solutions and my capabilities to solve my customers problems.
