Stuart Davis: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Tom Bell, our CEO, and Chris Cage, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is being webcast on the Investor Relations portion of our website, where you'll also find the earnings release and supplemental financial presentation slides that we'll use during today's call. Turning to Slide 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it, and as such, includes risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Finally, as shown on Slide 3, during the call, we'll discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the two is included in today's press release and presentation slides. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom Bell, who will begin on Slide 4.
Stuart Davis: Thanks, Josh. Hey, Rob, it looks like we're coming pretty close to the top of the hour, so I think we have time for one more question.
Stuart Davis: Thank you, Rob, for your assistance on the call this morning. And thank you all for your time this morning and your interest in Leidos. We look forward to updating you again soon. Have a great day.
Chris Cage: Yes. Well, I mean, Bert, obviously, there were a number of areas we were focused on driving improvements into, and the team has made great progress in that regard. I would tell you that we're not to the end game yet. Let me hit on a couple of areas. I mean, the customer-driven delays, that improved during the second quarter. We’re not back to the original plan, but we see a path. Again, that was one of the reasons why we put the guidance forward that we did today. In sourcing, you saw the announcement on Charleston. We're excited about that. The team went through a very thorough evaluation of alternatives, and we're full speed ahead to get that operational. We think it's a relatively modest investment with a longer-term payback. And then there were a lot of cost reduction actions that were taken. Those are never easy. As part of that, one of the things that we did do is revector a senior resource to focus on strategic supplier obsolescence parts management. We're seeing improvements in that regard, helping our supply chain in that relationship. So, pipeline remains strong. As we indicated, looking at areas outside of the conventional airport and ports and borders, and we'll be selective on how we prosecute those bids for maximum benefit to the bottom line and cashflow going forward.
Chris Cage: Bert, the only thing I'd add there is, I mean, Tom's right, our agility and expertise gets us in the door. Our frontend Leidos Innovation Center, we call it LInC, with some of the brightest minds in some of these areas in the world, have us access to the most important customer sets. So, we have to perform. That gets us in the door. The team has to perform and deliver, and that's what I'm most encouraged by seeing progress that they're making on having improved discipline on bidding and execution, improved supply chain management, all those things that are critical as we ramp some of these programs up towards low-rate production and full-rate production.
Chris Cage: Yes, thanks, Peter. I mean, first of all, obviously the team here wants to deliver against the original commitment, but the wider range was prudent, given where we are and the volatility you'd seen in the first half of the year. But I’m very encouraged about the second half and very optimistic about how we'll progress from here. I would point to a couple of things. Security products is an element of that, and as I said in my prepared remarks, we have the potential to have a significantly stronger second half there. We've laid a lot of good groundwork to realize that. Not everything is within our control. On top of that, there are a couple other things. In Health, we had a great quarter in Health and the team has done an excellent job, and there is the opportunity to sustain that momentum as we move forward. But some of that is dependent upon not only our performance, but throughput and customer satisfaction, some variables on incentives that, again, we'll monitor closely, and our past performance suggests that those are fully attainable. So that's another variable that we wanted to give ourselves some capacity for because that incentive calculations is somewhat new. And then lastly, just some of our digital monetization programs continue to ramp up and we're very pleased with the performance the team has executed against there. And there are some opportunities for more project work in the back half of the year. And depending upon how and when that comes to pass, could push us towards the higher end of that range.
Chris Cage: Hey, thanks, Matt. Yes, obviously, we're super pleased with the performance there. 9.3% OI margin, the highest in five years, and a lot of that's led by progress we've seen on some of our big digital monetization programs. And the team's done an excellent job there with NGEN, and DES is continuing to ramp, and there are others. And there are some other things going on that are sustainable outside of that, maturing development programs. Tom talked about Wide Field of View, especially Tranche 1, incorporating the lessons learned from Tranche 0, better mix overall with the Australian airborne aviation business that we acquired last year. That's helping us. And then there are some variable items, and I wouldn't say these are totally one-off, but we need to continue to perform well to realize these in the future. Award fee scores were very strong. We reached certain program milestones, and we did close out some old older projects. So, we won't deliver 9.3 every quarter near term, but that's the expectation we're setting for ourselves and the team longer term. And so, one thing that we will not take our eye off the ball on is an underpinning focus on indirect cost management and program execution. So, yes, great progress in the Defense Solutions segment and we're optimistic that there's more of that ahead of us.
Chris Cage: Yes, it's a great question. Very timely. In fact, we had a review internally with the team yesterday, and we've got a really strong team on DES and working hand in glove with the customer. This year, it's still a modest contributor to the company in the order of $50 million of revenue, but we just walked through a number of active task orders that are either in evaluation by the customer, or some other ones that were coming up for bid and evaluation later this year. So, we're seeing the activity level increase and there's a roadmap on migrations of more users under the DoD net. So, again, continue to think of that as something that will be a much more significant contributor in 2024 and 2025 really beyond that. And we'll have more to say as we get later in the year and have some clarity on when those get determined.
Chris Cage: Yes. I mean, the one thing I'd add the playing off of Tom's words, the golden bolt example, I think our 1901 acquisition is a great example of that, right? And you don't hear us talking much about that because it's embedded into the organization and providing capability broadly against a number of our digital monetization contracts cutting across multiple sectors. That's the kind of leverage we want to see gained as we move forward with acquisitions. Dynetics, we talked about the Wide Field of View programs. And quite honestly, that is a combination of a legacy capability that Leidos brought to bear out of our Leidos Innovation Center. Dynetics is now in the midst of executing that program and building the payloads. That is the leverage we want to see going forward. So, we need to move more rapidly to link those capabilities together to get the full leverage out of future acquisition.
Chris Cage: Yes, Jason, I would - Tom said his remarks that we need to be better. So, that does imply there were some things where we swung and missed on some opportunities, and we would've liked to have won those, but be rest assured the team dissects those backwards and forwards anytime we have a loss, right? And there's always lessons learned moving forward, and we're not going to win them all. So, there's that combination, coupled with there are some things that are out there pending, and we're optimistic that those decisions will come here in the second half of the year. Plus, the pipeline is strong, $135 billion. We expect to put another $20 billion of proposals through the back half of this year. So, very active, and again, our track record over the long haul has been strong. So, this is - there's not a fundamental breakdown in our process. We've got great people in our business development organization, but we do need to land some of these ones that we have out there for decision right now. 
Chris Cage: Yes, no, Sheila, I would echo that. I mean, clearly the primary objective here isn't to organize to drive costs out of the business. That'll be a second order variable. And we always try to run lean, so that'll create some opportunity to reinvest. We're hopeful, but back to your question, where are the margin opportunities? Obviously, super pleased with Health moving up a bit from what we had set as an expectation. You see what's possible within the Defense Solutions segment of the business. I think some of that will come down to selectivity. The teams will be more focused on which opportunities they have the ability to earn a quality return on. And so, we’re very optimistic that that'll pay dividends as we move into 2024 and beyond.
Chris Cage: Yes, thanks, Sheila. So, on the incentive side, again, this was a change that went into effect earlier this year. So, we're working through it and we'll have more to say as we learn more. But I would tell you that the incentive structure at the VBA was optimized from their point of view for all participants in order to better serve the veterans and to deliver better outcomes for VBA. And it gives contractors like Leidos the opportunity to invest, to drive quality outcomes, better throughput, better patient experience, and be recognized and compensated potentially for those outcomes. So, that's just getting started and that creates an opportunity where we're a bit more optimistic that if we perform the way we have in the past, and you have to earn it every quarter that the mid-teens margin has some upside to it that we previously communicated. And we'll just have to see how that goes. Obviously, the caseload volume from the PACT Act is still settling in. And the other thing that's settling in is us earning more than our fair share, if you will, of the work share, because our performance has been so strong. So, some of those variables will impact that as well. But we're optimistic that that should create some sustainable upside. And then on DHMSM, obviously this is a little bit of a headwind on the growth side, and we'll see a bit of a moderation in Q4 and more so in 2024. But from a margin perspective, I mean, it's a quality program, well run, but it is not one of the highest margin programs within the Health portfolio. So, I don't think that's a negative as it relates to Health margin. And the team is working hard and has a number of high-profile opportunities that they're pursuing right now that'll help offset the revenue piece as we move forward. And we talked about RHRP as another example of a program ramping that'll help offset that a little bit too. So, a few dynamics going on there, but don't look at DHMSM as a margin headwind for us.
Chris Cage: Yes. Seth, the only thing I'd add, obviously, Tom coming on board, we've got to get him even more deep into our detailed plans as we look ahead to 2024. And one of the things that is a change condition is ensuring that we are optimizing for the best bottom line in cash performance and the selectivity that'll come with that. So, really being thoughtful around how our resources get allocated to pursue opportunities in technical investment and differentiation as we pivot into 2024. And some of those things will have near term paybacks and some of those things will have longer term paybacks. So, more to say on 2024 as we progress through the year, but everybody's heads down on delivering this year as strong as we can and putting some wins on the board and positioning for the future.
Chris Cage: Yes, Rob, I mean, there's certainly areas within our Civil and Health business that we've been positioning to make sure we're in priority areas for our customers. We just talked a bit about the VBA side and that's not going to change. But outside of the civilian agencies, I mean, you look at what we do in our commercial energy business, and grid resiliency and critical infrastructure, and those are areas that you're going to see more spending dedicated to. So, the team's really been doing an excellent job there. And obviously, we've been talking a lot about security products in the pipeline and opportunities there. So, there are definitely parts of the portfolio that we will have strong budgetary environments, we believe, and we'll prioritize those in the near-term. And as Tom mentioned, we're optimistic that we'll weather any challenges in certain customer areas.
Chris Cage: Well, a lot of the stuff that we're doing on the medical examination businesses is in that bucket, right? So, we know that's well protected and insulated. And then, obviously the health record modernization programs are priorities for our customer sets and what we're doing on Reserve Health Readiness. So, I think by and large, Rob, we’re in a good position there, but that'll be something we can come back with details on in the future.
Chris Cage: Yes, Josh, I think it's a little premature. Obviously, we all know that with the COVID pandemic and worldwide aviation travel not where we thought it would be, that we're quite a bit under on the topline where that business was expected to be, but the growth rates over the last couple of years have been improved, and we're optimistic as we look ahead we'll continue to see that. So, when you look at Civil, I mean, what we're focused on is raising the floor of performance. Q1 was below our standards. Q2 much improved. Over time, we expect the Civil business to be on average a 10% plus margin business. And in the best quarters we'll see it 11% and above. And if we raise the floor of performance, which we're focused on in security products, that'll allow us to do that and achieve significant upside, hopefully over time. So, again, I think that just gives you a sense that there is room for that to grow going forward, and our job is to take out the variability that you've seen more recently
Chris Cage: Yes. Hey, thanks, Noah. And I hit on this a little bit earlier on one of the questions, but just to reiterate, on the customer, it's predominantly a large program with a single customer that we've been - it's a multi-year arrangement to deliver a number of products. We are still not on the original schedule that we had laid out with them, and the team is working hard to get units accepted and progress was made in the second quarter. That will continue to be something we'll work through the third quarter and the fourth quarter this year. And again, with the guidance range we gave you, we're comfortable that if we're not able to get all the way back, we're still solidly in our range. So, that is ongoing, improving, but, but not resolved. The supply chain side of things, several things are going on there. Number one, setting up our capability to perform light manufacturing in the future. That commitment was made. We're full speed ahead on outfitting that Charleston facility, and we'll be well positioned beginning in 2024. In the meantime, we have improved our ability to get the component parts that we need. We've insourced certain circuit board repairs. We've seen OEMs step up with better response times. And as I mentioned, we've positioned one of our senior leaders in that organization to focus on critical supplier management and part obsolescence. So, again, that's shown improvements, which is not fully resolved, but significantly improved the service level penalty situation. I would say the R&D investments are on track. The team has laid out a plan. We're not compromising there. Ensuring that we have the full capability of our software with our hardware is critical as a differentiator for us. And so, we like where that is trending. And then we took out a lot of additional costs in the business to set ourselves up for more streamlined performance going forward. And I think that'll actually yield better communication flow, clear roles and responsibilities. And so, that'll - as we optimize that with the team that we have in place going forward, we think we'll see some continued improvements in our performance. So, solid progress. Not done, Noah, I think is the punchline, and that is an area that gets full visibility from Jim Moos, our Civil leader, and the whole security detection team, they're all over it.
Tom Bell: Sure, Bert. Well, my first trip as CEO was to Huntsville to visit with the Dynetics team down there, and I was just thrilled to see what we have there in Alabama. Great facilities, great people, and really importantly, great customer connectivity. Steve and the team down there are bringing focus to what defines them. They're always going to be a place, I hope, that the customers believe they can get stuff done cleverly and fast. I think that's a real dynamic for Dynetics. And at the same time, Steve and the team are refocusing their attention on three primary areas. They're really focused on differentiating themselves in the markets of small satellite payloads. So, the success I referred to with Tranche 0 and Tranche 1, tracking layer assets. That's them being focused on small satellite payloads. Hypersonics, the MACH-TB launch that I mentioned is one of our hypersonics pursuits. So, we think that's a key area where we can be differentiated in the market. And last, but not least, force protection and making sure that as our forces are out there, we have products and services that protect our forces when they're deployed. So, those are the three areas that we're focusing on while we maintain the agility and entrepreneurship that has always defined Dynetics. And with that, I'll kick it to Chris to see if he has any more color to add.
Tom Bell: Yes. Thanks for that, Peter. Yes, so I think having some diversity in our portfolio really makes sense for Leidos. I mean, after all, we're a $15 billion company, and in order to have countercyclical capabilities, you have to have some exposure, both to services and products. So, I like the fact that we're in a products business also. And I also like that there is connective tissue in everything we currently do that is poised in that thing I talk a lot about around how we solve our customers’ most vexing emerging problems. So, whether it be products or services or software, it's really focused on how we lean into our customers’ biggest challenge. I'm coming to understand our specific products and how they mix in with our services business models and how that makes sense. And at the core, whether it be a product or a service, remember that everything we do these days is at its core, IT services and algorithms and software and cyber, something that we are absolutely world class in. So, I like the mix and I think we'll be continuing the mix, and at the same time, we'll be very purposeful in how we exploit our advantages in each of those sides of the business.
Tom Bell: And on the subject of future acquisitions, you asked about what's going to be the drive going forward? As I suggested in my prepared remarks, obviously I think having a regular return of capital to investors makes sense to us. So, we're really focused on executing the work that we have on our plate now before we get back into the market to do M&A. However, when we do, in keeping with the north star that I referenced and a very clear articulation of where we want Leidos to be in 2030 - in 2028 and 2033, which are the two vistas we're setting out for ourselves, we'll have very clear articulations of, what are the technologies that we see emerging, what's the hypothesis of what the customer problems are going to be in the next five, 10 years, how might we either build those capabilities organically or acquire those capabilities inorganically. But all of those will be tempered with a very clear articulation of affordability, hurdle rates, and a very clear strategic narrative. So, premature to actually talk about what those are because we're still working out the north star and the vision of what our customers are going to need us to be, to serve them into the future. But those are the kind of things we'll be talking about.
Tom Bell: Yes, and just not to let that go without my commentary too. I just want to say that we couldn't be more proud of Liz and the team there in Health because they are earning great margins because they have a differentiated offering that is serving our veterans and our customer in a differentiated way. So, it's really a joy to see that ecosystem come together.
Tom Bell: And on the top line and bottom-line expansion of our security business, as I have said, security is a vexing problem that's not going away. And in fact, more and more Civil customers, don't think government, civilian customers, are thinking about the security of their premises and the need for them to be more guarded on what goes in and what comes out. This is a great opportunity for market expansion for the team at very good margins. So, I like our bet on security, and I think it's going to be a good place for us to be as we prosecute the next five years.
Tom Bell: I’ll take that, if you don't mind, Noah. If I could characterize the widening of the range, that is in my mind more applicable for a business like ours that does products and services and is subject to the timing thereof. And so, I just think a 40-basis points guidance range is going to be the new normal going forward, but don't read into the 10.1 acquiescence or fatalism that that is the goal. It is certainly not the goal. The team is driving toward the high end, as you would expect the team to do. However, it is consistent with our promises made, promises kept philosophy where I don't want to put out a range that is - that later I'm not going to be able to hit. So, 10.1 to 10.5 is an adequate and realistic view of the entire range of possibilities we can see at this time, and we'll keep driving for the upper end of that range.
Tom Bell: The team is already talking to me about when we would have the next Investor Day. So, in my mind, it's a question of when, not if.
