Roger A. Krone: Well, I think last year about this time, we had lost a couple of programs that we kind of – we viewed as part of our base going forward and a little bit of the decline in revenue that we realized in the first quarter is really the tail of that. And the disappointment was in pulling the two companies together and focusing on synergies, in getting the teams pulled together, we had to assess whether we had spent the right amount of time external as we had spent internal. And so, over the last year, we've really worked hard with our business development organization and our customer facing, we call them strategic account executives in our Washington office, to spend a lot more time out of the office and with the customer. And we're really pleased in the quarter that we can point to some of our numbers now that show a return to growth and a book-to-bill over 1.
Roger A. Krone: Well, Jon, great question. Obviously, you can do the math. We reaffirmed our guidance. So, obviously, we still feel very positive about the year. And so, you've got one quarter in the books and we don't guide on a quarter-by-quarter basis as you know, but you can kind of do the math. And we've always hinted that this year would start slower because of some of the disappointments we had 12 months ago. But, all of the signs, our performance, our award fee scores, our book-to-bill, and frankly all the external factors relative to the Omnibus for the federal government what we see in both defense and non-defense, gives us confidence that our guidance is rock solid and we feel really good about the prospects for the year.
Roger A. Krone: Thanks, Cai. Great question. I hope my forecasting ability is actually that good. But what we have seen since the Omnibus is a significant number of awards and frankly, some that came in after the quarter, we announced that we won a program with the Army Corps. Now, we'll see if that gets protested. We won a couple of other significant programs in the first quarter and then after. Of course, some of those get protested in, so we can't put those in the backlog. But we've seen, if you will, the logjam of significant awards and I'm talking three-digit millions finally get awarded and we're hoping that that pace will continue. I see no reason why it won't in the conversations that we have with customers and these things that have been in evaluation and in the process for months, sometimes much longer than months, are now starting to get awarded and we feel good that we will get our appropriate share of those. So, what we've said is that book-to-bill will again be north of 1 and in order to make the numbers work of course with the revenue guidance that we have out there that we have to book higher than 1 for the full year.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah, Cai, I appreciate the question and we don't guide book-to-bill. As you know, we guide on revenue. We'd come back and reconfirmed our revenue number and you've got our book-to-bill and you kind of know what's in backlog, which is up, which is really a significant thing for us to have backlog up and you'll have to do the math on your own, but I understand your logic and it seems pointing in the right direction to me.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah, Noah, I would add to that, unlike maybe a company that builds airplanes and is doing advance procurement, our customers are pretty reliable on spending the contract value. And then the funded versus unfunded and of course the accounts have made our life complicated now. There is a third term in our financials, which is a GAAP definition. And I think you see this across our competitors as well. The unfunded number is perhaps a more reliable indicator of future growth than unfunded would be for a company that was hardware-oriented. And that's why there's more program and funding issues within agencies as to what actually gets in the current claim versus the next claim. And we've got one program with a three-digit agency that the contract value is almost $1 billion and the first claim was only $60 million. And so, we would have put $60 million in funded. But we know, in fact, we hope on that program that it will eventually be larger than $1 billion. And by the way, we're always happy to talk about that to help you give you insight as to what's in the funded part versus the unfunded. And that's why you see us emphasize the total number rather than just the funded.
Roger A. Krone: Krishna, let me talk a little bit about the GENESIS program and I'll let Jim maybe follow up with some of the numbers. So, we are fully deployed at the IOC sites, which we did essentially on time. We are now doing our lessons learned on those IOC sites, meeting with customers. In fact, Jon Scholl and I were there just a couple of weeks ago and meeting with the commander at Madigan about what went well and what lessons we need to learn for future deployments. Our customer determines what we're going to do next and they are contemplating where we start the first wave, which we expect to happen this year, but we'll go through the process of installing it. And when we actually hit full operational capability, whether that is an 2018 event or a 2019 event, will depend upon which site they pick to go first and how fast we implement, but very pleased with the program. It's on track, fully supported by the customer. And probably the news in the quarter was the customer's decision in conjunction with the Coast Guard to add the Coast Guard to the program. And so over the long-term period, the program is essentially a 10-year-plus program, that will increase the size of the program and the number of deployments that we have. And not a huge increase in the program because we're just adding on another set of users, continues to solidify the importance of that program to our customer and to us.
Roger A. Krone: Well, first, it is likely that the VA will contract directly with Cerner. And so, it's not – it's really not our program. But we are fully supportive of the VA and Cerner and we will do whatever we can to make that program successful and look forward to the opportunity. Your specific question, I mean if it takes a few more months, six months, to get it under contract, I don't think that's going to diminish the value of the VA's decision to purchase essentially the same system that we are deploying under the Defense Health program. And in fact I would guess is it could actually extend months or maybe a year before you start to see any white space between the two programs. And again, as we've always said, we will do everything we can directly with Cerner or the VA or things that we're contractually allowed to do under the Defense Health program to make that program successful and to allow both agencies to reap the benefits of picking essentially the same electronic health care records system.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah. And, Ed, thanks for joining us. And I would reiterate that as well, especially in the macro world as where we were at the year-end, it would have been hard to predict that the Omnibus and the sequester caps and that the macro environment would be as favorable as it has been. And in our discussions, we've always talked about this year having a ramp to it. And in any given quarter, as we have said in other quarters, there are always pluses and minuses. And we got the advance payments from the materials, but we can't put those materials if materials will be booked as we pull them into inventory in the future quarters. And so, we feel very good about our guidance. And, Ed, as you know, we very rarely touch guidance in the first quarter. It's just not what we do. So, we're confident with where we are and looking forward to the next couple of quarters.
Roger A. Krone: Let's see. We always hate to generalize. I mean we have defense customers, intel customers, civil customers, and then we've got a significant amount of our business which is international. I think I would not change the characterization of the procurement professionals that we deal with. They are trying to get value for their customers. Even though they've seen increases, frankly their mission has increased. The world is a complicated and sometimes dangerous place and they are trying to buy more with less as they have for the past few years and no, I wouldn't say that I have seen a change in their behavior at the negotiating table, whether it'd be on fees or payment profiles or things like that.
Roger A. Krone: I don't want to over characterize civil versus defense because you always have to go procurement professional by procurement professional. But if I would generalize for just a moment, I would say that the Pentagon has a more mature process for moving money quickly. And for many agencies, especially those in civil, the Omnibus – results from the Omnibus was a bit unplanned. So, from Secretary Shanahan, he was hoping for this. He had done a lot of preplanning work. And so I think the Department of Defense and the intel agencies are going to spend faster. Some of the civil agencies, who look at the skinny budget with a decrease, now end up with a surplus. And so, they had perhaps not as much advanced planning to spend that money quickly. Also, they may not have the luxury, and again it's program by program, to create sort of two-year money out of one-year money at the end of the year. So, I would expect spending in the Department of Defense to pick up faster, again, if we had to generalize civil versus defense.
Roger A. Krone: Let's see. First, we read the same trade journals that you do. I can't tell you that at the program level we actually can tell. We have any real evidence that that is happening. And then on the legality of what OMB can do and what they can't do, I am lucky enough to be able to read our financials much less giving you an opinion on what OMB's authority is. But listen, I think there's just huge requirements for us to modernize our infrastructure and this is a great opportunity for all the agencies to catch up on spending, which I believe the federal government underspent over the past five years. And so, I think in an environment like this, all OMB is trying to do is to make sure people spend the money in a smart way and they buy things that are going to make a long-term difference. And I think they're trying to be fiscally responsible and not buy a lot of spare parts, if they don't actually need simply to use up the budget authority. But from our standpoint and I can't think of a program where we seem to be affected by kind of a funding allocation veto being done by OMB.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah. I think we've talked about this in prior quarters where we've talked about growth and new programs. And Jon, I'm sure you've been on other calls in the quarter and seen some of our competitors who have had some significant growth. But perhaps that growth has come at – to the extent or at the extent of margins. It's typical in the lifecycle of a contract. When we bid it, we don't know much about our performance. We're more conservative. We don't earn as much. But then over time, our margin tends to increase. And if we had a major re-competes, which fortunately we don't really have a lot this year, but if we did, usually, what happens in that re-compete is you bid at lower margin and then you perform. You get your award fees up. You're conservative in your bookings, but your margin increases over time. We have guided to a margin number that obviously we feel very comfortable with. Once again, I'm here talking to you all, saying I'm a little bit ahead on margin performance, which is a good thing, but we're not changing our guidance on margin performance for the year and we know we've got some growth to deliver. And so, you don't have to conclude from that what you will, but we're also not, if you will, lowering our margin performance. And simply, we've reaffirmed the guidance that we have out there, which is we think we can maintain that 10.1% to 10.4% and still hit our overall revenue numbers.
James C. Reagan: This is Jim. Noah, your math is right. And given where we see bids in evaluation today and the expected timing of those awards, we are still very confident that we will be in that range. We're already seeing a significant pickup in our hiring and in some cases, we have some confidence to hire ahead of certain kinds of awards and certain task orders that we're expecting under IDIQs that are already awarded. So, that combined with – last year, we saw some significant on-contract growth and we are still seeing robust – we call it OCG, robust OCG going into the second quarter which further gives us confidence of our ability to hit those kind of rates.
James C. Reagan: Noah, in our business, some large contract vehicles or large contracts are funded in relatively small increments and I think of some of the work that we do in Health. But we focus in terms of how we run staffing, how we run our internal forecasting and planning more based on what the size of the contracts are. We obviously have to worry about funding to make sure that we get paid on time, but we don't look as much as the funding levels because of some of the vagaries on some of our larger contracts.
James C. Reagan: In free cash flow guidance, I'll start with accounts payable. That will become a source of cash. The number for accounts receivable will become a source of cash. And then, for inventory, it should be fairly neutral. That's a little bit harder to predict mainly because of the inventory that today I know we're buying for a major customer program that's outside of the United States and these relate to spare parts and those kinds of things, and where those inventory balances really are more dictated by the customer than by my ability to forecast it.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. I mean, our goal is to – now that we are on for 90-plus percent of the business on one accounting and billing system to be able to use that to leverage some more consistent processes to drive more ambitious DSO goals into the third and fourth quarter of this year and even beyond. And in my view, ambitious is in the low-60s or high-50s. And today, when we tell you that we're at 71 at the end of the first quarter, I am absolutely certain that that number is there simply because we've had some anticipated disruption from moving to that single system that we want to run the business line.
James C. Reagan: Well, we didn't guide anything in – we don't guide the cash flow by quarter. We guide it by year. I would tell you that it was roughly $130 million of cash that came in, in advance of when we expected internally, which drove the first quarter in several years of positive Q1 cash flow. If you go back and look at our history, Q1 is typically a negative cash flow quarter primarily because of a lot of front-loaded benefit payments and bonus payments that occur once a year, et cetera, plus, the fact that, historically, our customers tend to accelerate payments at the very end of the calendar year. We had a good – a remarkably good cash flow quarter, driven mostly by those advance payments. Through Q2, Q3, Q4, we should start to harvest the benefits of improved billing processes and billing systems and end up at roughly – I would be disappointed if we didn't drive DSO well under, say, 68 days by the end of the year.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. And just to pile on a little bit, Krishna. The deployment decision and the pace of that, we're expecting to learn that, as Roger indicated, from the customer sometime, hopefully, late this quarter. Our expectation for Q3 and Q4 that's kind of embedded in our Q1 results and our full year guidance, it does include we think a reasonable expectation on what that revenue uptick's going to be. But just keep in mind, in the past, as we've said, the real peak of that ramp isn't going to occur until sometime in 2019 and it could be even the latter half of 2019. Remember, full deployment of the system isn't expected to happen until 2022. So, the real acceleration we are seeing in 2019.
James C. Reagan: Thanks for your question, Ed. We were aware three months ago that our Q1 revenue was going to have an element of it that pushes into the back end of the year. But that has no impact on the guidance and how we thought about guidance for the full year because we guide on a full year, not on a quarterly basis. So, our reiterating our guidance today is really rooted in what we see in pending award decisions, what we see in what was a pretty strong book-to-bill in Q1 and particularly a strong book-to-bill in the Defense segment where as we've indicated, we've spent some time tweaking and changing our people and our processes in how we go about winning new work. I think in the call last quarter, we indicated that we've seen gradually improving win rates and that holds true even into the most recent quarter. And when you combine gradually improving win rates with a larger pipeline and a larger throughput, it does give you that confidence in your forward growth outlook.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. As we book more work, we're adding back into the pipeline. The pipeline is consistent with what we've seen before and in fact, the thing that we are liking about what we're seeing is that the average duration of the things that are both coming into the pipeline and coming out is longer. In the past, it's been characterized a little bit more by extensions and bridge contracts. And now, the customers tend to be getting back more into a cadence of more multiyear awards than we have been seeing prior to the current quarter. So, again, that really speaks to the quality of what we're getting.
James C. Reagan: The amount of that headwind is not nearly the level it was a year ago simply because the year-over-year run rate of cost synergies hasn't changed as much as it did a year ago this time.
James C. Reagan: Well, I think Roger alluded in answering the last question that given the timing at which the Omnibus was passed, there is – a lot of our customers are going to have some flexibility on when to get the current FY 2018 money on contract. That will be helpful to us and really our peers. So, there will be a lot of it that's coming out of – a lot of current year awards coming out of FY 2018 money obviously. But I think that we're going to see a little bit greater tendencies than we have in the past toward multiyear awards. Obviously, there will be some follow-on work in this year's bookings that will be coming out of FY 2019 and FY 2020 money.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Tobey. In the past, a lot of the bids we were submitting and being awarded tended to be – particularly as it relates to on-contract growth, tended to be extensions. Because a lot of our procurement authorities that we deal with, instead of doing five-year awards, they weren't quite ready to do a major procurement, so they would give us an extension. And typically, those could range from six months to 12 months. And that was the significant weighing factor. And even beyond that, because we are seeing and have been seeing an increasing use of IDIQ vehicles and GWACs, those typically are situations where a lot of task orders are single year, some of them are multiyear awards, but there had been a definite tendency towards shorter periods. In the past quarter, though, we have been seeing the average duration go as much as – well, on average, almost six months longer than the awards we have been getting last year. So, that is actually helping to – and we do this analysis regularly. The average length of contracts that sit in backlog is now growing as opposed to shrinking. And that gives us better visibility into our revenue numbers for the year.
James C. Reagan: Well, in the first place that it helps us is in business development. When contracts have longer duration, you're going back to the well less frequently and you're actually able to spend then proposal dollars on things that you realize over a longer period of time. So, it makes for – and by the way, it's also helpful for our customers. So, I think everyone benefits when the customer is able to think longer-term in how it buys. And that's what we're seeing in the RFPs that are coming out and the things that we're bidding on.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. And I'll add one thing onto that, Jon, and that is that when you think about achieving over $400 million of run rate cost synergies, what we've said previously is that even though there is a significant amount that we give back to our customers, of the piece that we keep, we're reinvesting a part of that in our ability to grow the business. We're investing it in marketing and bid proposal activity, which has – the amount of submits that we have this year has picked up and we need more money to prosecute that work. And that's also a part of how we're thinking about the current year. But we're able to do that and maintain the margins that we're looking at.
James C. Reagan: Yeah, I'll answer your – Brian, your last question first. The mix should stay relatively the same. One reason you see it is having changed from what it looked like last year is that effective of January of this year, we did, in effect, a re-architecture of how we do our cost accounting in our government disclosure statements and so we bucketed some things. And our practice is to display them in our press releases and 10-Qs, consistent with how we account for them with the government regulators. Relative to taxes, you're speaking of the GAAP tax rate. We normally think – when we guide and talk about it, we talk about a non-GAAP tax rate on the things that exclude those intangible amortization and the costs of implementing our business combination plan. Our view of the tax rate at roughly 22.5% hasn't changed. We had a slightly lower than expected tax rate in Q1. But for the full year, we're still looking at somewhere between 23% and 24%.
James C. Reagan: Cai, what I would tell you is to amplify on Roger's succinct answer. Yeah, there isn't anything different in how we think about the business. What we've tried to give you some visibility on is what drove the deltas that were consistent with how we planned the year.
