Chris Cage: Yeah, Mariana, I would -- Tom touched on the technology aspects, and clearly, that's been a major focus that we've added to the equation under Liz and Larry Schaefer's leadership over the past several years. But beyond that, we've been a longstanding partner here. We've won this recompete multiple times over. There's investments that we've made in physical locations, mobile locations, provider networks, critical staff, all of those things come to bear. And then, of course, the customer is going to evaluate what has your performance been. And, clearly, we can demonstrate a track record of strong performance with great customer satisfaction, great accuracy, throughput, all of the key metrics the VA is looking for. So, we're sharpening our pencils to make sure that we're putting ourselves in the best position possible to defend this critical work for ourselves, but obviously, it's an area we feel very encouraged about our position on.
Chris Cage: The only thing I'd add, Mariana, to that is, of course, a very good question, and Tom is right, I mean screening the right people to have the passion to want to serve the right customers' missions is critical. The area that we need to help them the most as they get into Leidos, there's clearly a tremendous amount of capability that we have that can be brought to bear to support those customers in multiple ways. Helping them understand the breadth of our offerings is an area that we are continuing to invest in and that's the reason why partnering them up with so many solutions, architects and other people that have been down that road is critical, but there's technology that's behind that as well. So, Gerry Fasano leads our growth office. He's very focused on that rollout plan and we're excited about that taking a lot of momentum here in the second half of the year.
Chris Cage: Yeah, Matt, obviously, we talked a little bit, of course, about the VBA exam business and that's top of mind as we navigate to the end of Q3 into Q4. Beyond that, I mean, there's not as many needle movers. There is an exciting opportunity in the hypersonics arena where Common-Hypersonic Glide Body and TPS contracts converge and we look forward to extending our work there with an important customer. There is an integrated logistics support contract with the TSA that -- whether it's late this year or first quarter next year and obviously, you can imagine that's a partnership between our C&I business and work we do elsewhere that specializes in the logistics side. And then, looking ahead to next year, I think the other big one I'd point out is the DHMSM contract. The follow-on to that obviously is an important piece of work for us. The team is already in the proposal bids, making sure that we're putting our best foot forward, but that is sometime in the middle of 2025 -- early-to-mid '25.
Chris Cage: Yeah, David, I'd just add on to that. I mean, I think part of that is because we had an excellent first half of the year on margins. And there are some things that can move around, around milestone timing and things of that nature and how much special project work we see on programs like NGEN, but there's no fundamental issues here. And, in fact, we're actually very encouraged, to Tom's point, this will never be our highest-margin business, but we do see upside here over time and the teams are investing in more repeatable models in the dig-mod space and those will be some unlocks to future margin upside that we're expecting. But I don't want to overlook some important wins that did take place in the quarter. Getting the next Defense Enclave Services task order under contract is critical for us. That is a key unlock for Steve and his team to drive growth into that important program. So that clears the way for 13 additional DoD Fourth Estate agencies to migrate on to the network over time. So, we've been waiting for that and we're excited about what comes behind that as we get into '25 and beyond.
Chris Cage: Yeah. So, I'm very pleased with the team's performance on cash management. I think we've done an excellent job. And last year, we made some really strong gains on managing the payable side and more industry standard terms with our vendors, and we've made some more progress in that regard this year. We've been attacking the DSO side. I would say, it's steady as she goes. I don't see anything at this point in time that would be a major use of working capital. We're always interested in great ideas that could be accretive to the business. But right now, we're focused on Q3 and Q4 are usually our strongest performance quarters and I expect this year to follow suit.
Chris Cage: Yeah, Cai, I'd only add, I mean, what we do know is that the VBA has asked Congress for more money, right? And that's a strong signal that they see the demand out there, more veterans need care, need throughput, and that's always been the priority. Now, we're in, call it, a temporary situation where they have to navigate this funding gap. Tom is right, I mean, a lot of things will become clearer for us as we get through the next quarter or two, but you can imagine that our early conversations with Health team about '25 is how do we grow off of '24 levels. And that's the way we're approaching it. And so, everybody's clear-eyed around looking at every opportunity to make sure we optimize our performance levels there and elsewhere to continue to grow earnings.
Chris Cage: The only thing I'd add there, Peter, is the piece of the business there that Tom didn't mention is our commercial energy business and that has been performing extremely well and tends to have a pattern where the back half of the year is stronger on a margin basis. There are some critical incentive and award fee determinations that happen sometime later in the year. So, a well-run business that we expect to continue to deliver great results, and the other piece of the portfolio we believe are on strong footing for the second half.
Chris Cage: Well, Jeremy, Tom gave you some high-level metrics. We're probably not going to be able to dissect the pipeline by segment by year for you, but rest assured that we feel it is robust and each of the segments has opportunities north of $1 billion all the way down to some strategic small opportunities in the tens of millions of dollars. So, we like our positioning there. The big ticket numbers again, $26 billion pending, 200 overall pipeline, approximately $70 billion we expect to be decided in '25, two-thirds of that being new work and takeaway, great position on our BD side and the growth teams are highly energized. As it relates to production capacity, the good news is the Dynetics team had built up some capabilities down in Huntsville. We feel like we've augmented that in areas like the wide-field-of-view satellite payload needs. We've got a facility that we've been waiting to fill up from a capacity standpoint on the IFPC side, the Enduring Shield. So, we're excited about the ability to take full advantage of what we've got in place there. And then, we spoke previously on the SES side about our new Charleston facility that we toured just in the last few months. It's a great facility that the team has built out and in fact there's plenty of room to expand capability even in the footprint that we built out. So, I don't see a big need on major investments in those areas. It's always something that we look at and we're happy to entertain great ideas if there's a compelling expansion to the pipeline, but we're in good shape to be able to expand up to the needs that we foresee over the next 18 months or so.
Chris Cage: Yeah. Hey, Ken. Chris here. Obviously, we stepped up our cash guide last quarter by $200 million, a pretty significant increase. We're clearly focused on converting these extra earnings that you're going to see here into cash and there's always the chance that some of that comes in January versus December. So, at this point in time, with two quarters to go and two-thirds of our cash commitment for the year ahead of us, we just didn't feel it was prudent to increase the guidance at this time. But there's no headwinds that we're foreseeing, we're just kind of managing it down the middle.
Chris Cage: Sure. No, thanks, Noah. And we get it, right, excellent first half of the year, excellent full year guidance, but the second half relative to the first half looks a little bit more modest. But stepping back, the guidance implies, let's call it, roughly 11% margins in the second half of the year. And just six months ago, we opened the year with an expectation of 10.5% to high 10%s on margin. So, we're pleased to be able to look ahead and say, even in a scenario where the disability examination work levels perhaps come down, we still see line of sight to, let's say, 11% margins kind of being delivered by the business. And that's really the primary reason, right? As we look at as the VA is kind of navigating the next few months, we're expecting those throughput to be lower, and then we've allowed ourselves some cautiousness as we look into the fourth quarter around how quickly that will snap back. So, there are certainly scenarios where that could do much better, but that's the primary backdrop. As we look at the rest of the portfolio, obviously, we did signal that National Security and Digital has had a very strong first half on margins. There's always the potential those are able to sustain at those levels, but again, looking at some of the milestones, we pulled back a bit on that for the second half guidance. And then, the last piece, Noah, that I'd point to is the investments. Taking advantage of this opportunity to make sure we're funding an innovation fund that we can dial up or dial back depending upon the progress that's being made and really make sure that we've got a jump start on 2025. So, the fundamentals of the business across the board are in great shape. We feel good about that. In fact, there are some areas still on the optimization side that we still have ahead of us to get after on indirect cost management. So, I feel like we're really well positioned as we look ahead at '25.
Chris Cage: That's how we see it. It's been fluid. We've been rehearsing and preparing and can adapt to any scenario, but it's becoming more and more likely that there is an extension of some kind versus recompete, but we can't commit to that. We're just prepared for whatever the VA is able to do in a short order here.
Chris Cage: At least until -- they've got a new government fiscal year and that'll help them get into a new budget environment. Now, they -- again, they could be aided by Congress in the near term, but our baseline assumption at this point in time is activity levels are more muted over the next few months.
Tom Bell: There's really a war for talent of these type of people, but we are bound and determined, as I've mentioned on previous calls, to make sure Leidos is the destination of choice for the best and brightest talent that's out there in the ecosystem. And so, what we've started to see, I mentioned, we've hired dozens of these account managers and we've allocated hundreds of people to be our solution architects for our new solutions. We have an environment in Leidos that is compelling. We are an employer of choice. And the more we win, the more people will want to be on the winning team. So, it's not so much a question of challenges. It's a question of helping them understand the opportunity that's in front of them for joining Leidos and the investment we're going to make in them to make a difference. People that are in this line of business are in this line of business because they want to serve their customers. And the most disenfranchising thing you can do for a customer -- for a person who is passionate about serving customers is not fully support them. So, Leidos is creating an investment strategy and we're investing in the people, processes and tools that allow them to affect their customers positively and bring solutions to them differentially. And that is the most compelling thing about coming to work for Leidos that we're hearing from others and attracting great talent as a result.
Tom Bell: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Matt. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're done with the Leidos proprietary hypothesis of the future. This is our own exclusive proprietary view of what the world looks like in 2033 and therefore, what are the challenges our customers are facing in 2028 in order to affect that future. We're halfway through building our business strategy as a result and affected by that view of 2028. So, it's very much a today forward view and a future back view meeting in 2028. As we are starting that, Chris trailed in his comments that we've put a small investment fund out there, because ideas are starting to emerge from this year of deep strategic thinking that we know are winners. These are areas that we are going to be investing in, in the future. And although we're not going to articulate it, we're putting seed corn out there now in those areas, so that we're not waiting for the whole process to be done to do the obvious compelling things we want to do to affect our future here. So, we're very excited about that. Now, the overall objective and the parameters of our year of deep strategic thinking, I think I mentioned it in our last call, it's not going to be a pivot for Leidos, a 90-degree pivot or 180-degree pivot, it's going to be variations on the cores that we're in now. And so, we're going to be doubling down on our core strengths. We're going to be really focused on repeatable business models. We're going to really focus on speed. We know that our customers are very concerned with speed, but they're concerned also that the people they hitch their wagons to have to have the scale to solve complex problems differentially. So, speed and scale. Trusted Mission AI, there's a reason we had a whole day focused on Trusted Mission AI, because we think it is a compelling technological unlock for the futures our customers are facing across all the markets that we serve. And we're going to continue to look for those areas of white space that are adjacent to the current businesses we're in for investment. Now, obviously, Matt, in the spirit of your question, there's also going to be parts of the portfolio we are not going to differentially invest. I've mentioned this in calls last year. I do not believe in spreading peanut butter around and watching every flower bloom. I think all about differential investment for differentiated results, but there is also not any part of the business yet that is raising its head in the strategy process is saying it's obvious this does not belong in Leidos. So, don't think of this as portfolio pruning. Think of this as simply investing to maintain, investing to grow and investing to grow exponentially. That's the way we're thinking about our strategy process. All that will be discussed at full in our March Investors Day that we look forward to welcoming you to.
Tom Bell: Hey, just to pile on a bit, Matt, sorry to have a reclama here, color for our pipeline, we've got $15 billion in submits in the second quarter. We've got $26 billion-plus awaiting customer decisions. In the next 12 months, we have a pipeline of almost $70 billion, and our whole qualified pipeline approaches $200 billion. So, we're very excited about the opportunities to grow, and that's why we are very much focused on priming the pump of our business capture teams with talent who can differentially go out there and get this business.
Tom Bell: Yeah, our National Security and Digital segment is arguably the core of the core of Leidos. And it is an area that we've put two of our most talented leaders, Roy Stevens and Steve Hull. And they are partnered to make sure that we are focused on how we help our customer in deterrence and being the smartest government on the planet. We don't think that there is a challenge here with the pipeline. Obviously, this is a business where we've won in the past. We know we can win in the future. The margins in this type of business are never going to be over the top. They're going to be in the low double-digits. But what we have in this segment, in my mind, David, is a revenue growth story. There is much more we can do to help our customers in these areas and our customers -- this comes back to the speed and scale conversation I had before, our customers are increasingly aware of the fact that the scale of the problems that they have requires people who have speed and scale to solve them. So, Roy and Steve are partnered with the whole enterprise with Jim Carlini in Technology and Gerry Fasano in Growth to make sure that we're leaning into serving our nation in this area and not looking to back off in any way. So, if we gave you an indication of softening here, that's probably not the guidance we'd want to give.
Tom Bell: I hate to answer your question this way, but we don't know is the real answer, because we're awaiting the RFP that tells us what the customer actually wants to do. We know that the contract comes to an end at the end of this quarter. We are awaiting the RFP for the future. We're not sure if that's going to be -- if we're going to have an extension to the current contract, a new contract for a fixed period of time or a new contract for a long period of time. And we don't know how the VBA is going to incentivize industry to bring its best and its most throughput to our veterans. So, we have no reason to model, in our own minds, a decrease in profitability, but there is a big unknown while we await the RFP.
Tom Bell: The team remains committed to a book-to-bill ratio slightly better than 1 for the year of 2024 and they are determined to meet or exceed that. There are some big swingers in there and it's possible that if many of these break our way, we'll far exceed the book-to-bill ratio that they have. But Cai, again, in my earliest call I talked about the fool's mission that chasing quarterly book-to-bills was in my mind, and the fact that what we should be focused on is building a quality backlog over time of profitable business. And that's really what I'm more incentivized and really focused on with the business capture team; how do we look at that trailing 12 months of book-to-bill and how is that looking at our future growth potential with the backlog that we've got on the books? The team is very focused on that. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're doing a better job of bidding for the things that will reward Leidos adequately for technology and the capability we bring, and I feel as if many of those that are in our backlog will start to break our way. So, we're very bullish on the future without getting ahead of our skis.
Tom Bell: Yeah, sure. Thanks. Well, first of all, this is very much the benefit of having new eyes and a new organization structure that's looking with fresh perspectives on the business. As Chris mentioned, this is primarily two fixed price contracts that we have in the UK that through increased and very robust conversations with the customers, we've decided we have to take a write-down because of changing requirements and schedule slippage. But we feel confident that we've also taken a lap around the block and looked under the rocks to make sure that there's not more. So, Vicki and her team are doing a great job scrubbing the portfolio. She's cut the number of watch programs in her portfolio by half in these first two quarters. And we feel very bullish about the prospects for her business. I mentioned and I featured in our last call last quarter that we want to make Leidos synonymous with AUKUS Pillar 2. And as you heard in this call, we've taken some steps by really allocating and hiring some talent that can really get after making that so. So, Vicki and her team are very focused on bringing the team together around AUKUS. We've got excellent customer touchpoints in the UK and Australia, and obviously, here in the United States, and we're very bullish on the opportunities for Commercial & International. Also, I want to tip a hat to the SES team. They had a very good first half of the year and that is all credit to Mike Van Gelder and to Vicki, who have really gotten their arms around that business and really made sure that we're on a solid platform from which to grow. So, very optimistic about where that business is heading in her portfolio also.
Tom Bell: It's a very timely question, Peter. I have a classified briefing later this week to dive deep into all our capabilities for Counter-UAS. Obviously, IFPC and Enduring Shield is the thing we talk most about, about Dynetics. But within our Leidos Innovation Center, the LInC, and our Defense Systems segment, we've got a myriad of other technologies that can affect Counter-UAS capabilities for our customers. So, we're going to take a step back, kind of look at everything that we've got in the pantry when it comes to technology and decide, are there some things we should be investing in this year to help our customers with this very, very vexing problem that they're uncovering now. So, very bullish about our opportunity to serve. The question is, do we have something in the pantry that will be compelling for the customer.
Tom Bell: And just to pile on a little bit on that, Jeremy, the $26 billion of pending awards we have, I mean, that is not only several home runs that we've got on deck, but 40, 50 big awards of $50 billion -- $50 million or more. So, we've got lots of proposals in work. And so, the batting average should be relatively positive on that. We've used the example internally of -- we've had a business capture problem and so to break that inertia, we have inputted energy, energy with new talent, energy with new processes and tools. And now we're very excited about the momentum that's going to build over the next 12 months to 15 months. You'll appreciate that in our customers' environment decisions take time and ultimately they're almost all protested. And so, it takes a little while before the flash of energy to break inertia becomes the bang of the momentum of actual wins, but we're highly confident that we're in a good place and Gerry is the right leader to bring us forward.
Tom Bell: And just to build on that, right, at the beginning of the year, we talked about the uncertainty in the market heading into an election year. Obviously, we're still dealing with some uncertainty. We're still dealing with customers that have budget challenges and issues around their performance of their business. And so, while we're extremely pleased with the first half of the year that allows us to raise our guidance again, we're not going to get ahead of our skis or over promise. We're going to keep our powder dry to make sure that the third and fourth quarter deliver the way we expect them to.
Tom Bell: Yeah, sure. And great cash in the quarter is the reason that I only trailed it and didn't commit to more. We had great -- you know how the flow of the business comes. It's a little bit like a sine wave when it comes to cash coming in. And typically, the third quarter is a relatively robust cash quarter for our business. We had a very robust second quarter. So, I recommitted. We're committed to repurchasing $500 million worth of shares this year. We're halfway through that now. We'll continue that program. If the cash comes in per historical norms in the third quarter that may give us a chance to revisit it. But more on that as the third quarter unfolds and we look toward the fourth quarter. The one thing I will say Ken, just because to state the obvious, but not to assume it is stated, fear not, we're going to be -- continue to be prudent allocators of cash in a shareholder-friendly manner. And so, don't worry about this burning a hole in my pocket as my grandmother used to say.
Tom Bell: Noah, I'll just foot stomp something Chris said in his prepared remarks, and that is our 2Q profitability was aided by having two quarters worth of incentives in – hit in the second quarter. So, the profitability of that business was enhanced because of that. The underlying business remains as solid as it ever has been.
Tom Bell: Olivia, it looks like we've gone beyond the hour. So, I think we'll call the Q&A at this point. So, I want to thank you for your assistance on the call and thank everybody on the call today for your interest in Leidos and we look forward to catching up with you in the future.
