Roger Krone: Thank you, Mark. I want to express my gratitude to our employees for sharing this journey with me as we guide Leidos to be a more profitable and consistent value creator. I had the pleasure of visiting half dozen sites and continue to be impressed with our people and their passion and commitment to our customers. We have a very talented employee base and incredible technical capabilities. Although, given the realities of the government budget and the competitive commercial landscape, our near-term future entails some difficult decisions and lots of hard work. It is my job to make our people and our capabilities to exceed for our employees, our customers, our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. Finally, I would like to express my appreciation to our Chairman, John Jumper for navigating Leidos through the recent split and serving as a strong example of leadership. I look forward to working with him to deliver on the promise of Leidos. And now, I will turn it back to John Sweeney for Q&A.
Roger Krone: Yes, Ed. Hi, thanks. It's great to talk to you again. Of course, we are all looking at what's going on in the federal government space with congress either back or on their way back, we expect a short session. My prediction will be, we will get a continuing resolution which will probably get us through December and then after election they will come back, they may kick that down the road on another CR into the spring. We are seeing customers spend their current obligations. We have been able to bridge through some of the recent issues by having the customers spend prior on obligated balances but a lot of that is out of the pipeline now and they are spending at about the budget level. We have seen in the past couple of years a little bit of an upswing at the end of the fiscal year. We are seeing probably a little less of that this year. And then in the overall market although there are still awards, we continue to see not so much cancellations but delays; delays because of protest and delays of just getting awards through the PBBs system.
Roger Krone: Yes. Ed thanks. And obviously this quarter we are significantly above that in the $360 million balance or so. I haven't actually spent a lot of time to decide whether $200 million or $250 million is the right number. The good news about this company especially as our markets have moderated a bit, we tend to generate significant cash and so cash flow generation is sort of not on the top of the list. I suspect – but I know we have confirmed the $200 million, but I suspect for the near term we will carry significantly more than $200 million just because of the way cash has been coming in. Our capital structure which I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks continues to be about the same as it was before, our philosophy around capital structure.
Roger Krone: Well, great question, Cai. I would tell you the one that is in the forefront of my thinking and where I spend my time. As you know, we are the prime on the military health system program on the federal health side. The government has taken a lot of programs in DoD and consolidated them into a program called the Defense Health Modernization System and the RFP for that program is now out on the street. And that's the implementation across DoD of an EHR, EMR system. And we are teamed with Accenture and Cerner in our offering, by the way that RFP came out either on time or slightly early. It's run by its own PEO now and we expect at least a procurement part of the process to proceed on schedule with proposals due in October and probably preliminary awards in the spring and then we will see how things go after that. You asked a second question which is how we see pricing in some of the recompetes and you are asking this across both the Leidos business and in my former position, the government is recompeting to try to drive more value out of their budget dollar. And companies can respond in one of two ways. They can get their cost down and hold their margin or they can sacrifice margin. Our plan is to get our cost down and part of the discussion I had in my prepared remarks were we are in the midst of top to bottom cost scrub to try to understand where we need to position the cost structure of this company to be competitive to win the recompetes.
Roger Krone: Let's see. I'm trying to think how I can answer that in a white world type answer. I would tell you not anything that moves the needle at this point. Have we had conversations about certain systems that we have that would provide value in the war on terror? Yes, I think we have seen increased conversations about some of our capabilities. But to tell you that you can see it in the bottom – the top line or the bottom line numbers at this point, I can't say that.
Roger Krone: Yes. Well, Cai, you know, we as management along with the Board, we look at our capital structure every quarter. And we just sit with the Board last week and for this quarter, we are comfortable with our cash deployment strategy, which is to reaffirm the dividend, right, to look at leverage on the balance sheet and make sure we have the appropriate mix of debt and equity. The one thing which I'm not sure that I heard John articulate quite as well and you'll hear from me is I want to make sure that we're appropriately investing organically in the business because that's what we're all here to do, which is to run a healthy business and to grow and that also means when it's appropriate to actually look at the M&A pipeline and I'm not telling you we are moving aggressively in that direction, but I will affirm we keep an active pipeline, so we're always looking in the marketplace. And then with true excess cash, our commitment continues to be strong to return that to shareholders.
Roger Krone: Chris, great question. So we have had some discussion about small to mid-size bolt-on acquisitions in the engineering marketplace, but it's against a landscape of where do we want to compete. In my list of priorities, significant M&A and engineering is not near the top. My management team and engineering would like to see it higher. I'm not there yet. I'm trying to better understand where are competitive advantages in engineering and how we segment the market to find leadership positions. And we have some significant leadership positions in engineering. I'm just not comfortable with that business yet to make a commitment to M&A.
Roger Krone: Yes, it does. And although we didn't announce it, our partners did. We actually sold two small businesses in the period, a waste management business and another disaster recovery business for about cash proceeds of about $20 million. And at that level, we will continue to be buyers and sellers of businesses as we simplify our portfolio and segment our markets and look for those leadership positions.
Roger Krone: I have nothing larger in the pipeline that I'm actively considering. As they say never say never but that is not the emphasis that I and the leadership team have at this time.
Roger Krone: Jason, I appreciate the comment. As you know, we only have guidance out there past 2015, so I want to be careful not to extend the current guidance. But as a point of strategy and philosophy, I don't see any reason why this company can't grow in the middle single-digits and having now gone through every operating unit and almost every contract and look at the new bids, 8% op income is certainly achievable by this company.
Roger Krone: Okay. So I'm looking at Mark on quarter-to-quarter. Let me talk for a minute then I'll ask Mark to confirm the numbers.
Roger Krone: First of all, after the OCO adjustment down 2%, that's for me, I view that almost as flat, right, that's within our estimating year. And although you saw our summits number, we're actually going to have a significant increase in summits in the current quarter, in the third quarter although many of those won't come home until fourth quarter or even next year. But there is quite a bit in the pipeline and if we win at our historic rate, we will see a pickup in third quarter and whether that actually gets us to quarter-over-quarter growth, I'll let Mark comment on that.
Roger Krone: Yes, Jason, thanks, good question. So I went looking for that early. The environment I come from really has one company feel. And hat's I think – a fertile ground here for me to drive the feeling of one Leidos. And although we've got some really great examples of working across the company like Smart Grid as a service and some of our cyber offerings. We also see the potential to do a lot more. And when I meet with Mike Pasqua and Lou and we talk about how we can help across the businesses, we're just finding almost unlimited opportunities to do some really neat things and create some new products and bring those to market. So the good news is, understand the promise at the split, some good work has been done, but what I'm excited about is, I think there is a lot more that we can do and we're already talking about how we can organize better to capture those cross linkages between our businesses.
Roger Krone: Yes, and John, let me elaborate on that a little bit. What we've seen the customers do is to push OCO dollars into the base budget. And we have had a fair amount of luck in following those programs into the base budget. What we're all waiting is for the President to come out with his strategy on the fight on terror. And if you were online this morning, you probably heard that he is asking for a $5 billion counterterrorism fund. And we're yet understand whether that will be called OCO or base budget or it will have a new name. But a lot of the products and services that we provide are well aligned with fighting the world on terror. And we look at this as an opportunity to grow our business.
Roger Krone: Yes. As you know, our third quarter is always our strongest quarter in the federal space. We can look into the pipeline and if we win at our historic rate, we should have a very strong third quarter.
Roger Krone: Yes, let me start out the answer, and then I'll let Mark give you the details. But I think you've got to get that right, which is obviously our Commercial Health and Engineering in Q3 and Q4 is below what we had expected and given that we have confirmed our revenue number, it's pretty easy to see that we feel better about our federal business. And in fact, that's – if you look at our internal plan that's what you would see. And that really speaks to the value that we bring to that customer. Let me turn it over to Mark, if he wants to add some detail.
Mark Sopp: We have a reduction from our first half pace, but I did not say that there was a loss in the second half for those two businesses, but their performances depressed from the first half. It's clearly an area where we are going to strive to do better. Plainfield, as we, I think, alluded to earlier, was down for a while in Q2. We've taken advantage of that improve its performance, so we're expecting actually in that case an improvement in performance in the second half versus the first. So the takeaway is from those three areas less profit collectively than the first half, but not necessarily in a loss position.
Mark Sopp: Yes, Jason. I would say that the OCO reductions, we do expect to continue although eventually slow in pace as we described at our Investor Day last year, that really is running on the same track that we had then described with some contracts like JLI having their anniversary in terms of reductions in Q3, Q4 of this year. So the headwind does dissipate to some degree, but that said, we still see contraction in the defense outlays in the addressable markets we serve. So we would expect absent or x OCO is still some contraction in the short-term, which Lou and team are certainly focused on finding adjacent markets, plus the previously restricted markets C2, airborne, maritime, command and control work to offset that and provide a growth opportunity in the longer term and that's where our focus is.
Mark Sopp: I’ll confirm both of you that that is indeed correct. Federal is modestly outperforming our original expectations and that is offsetting what we're seeing on the commercial side. But the commercial side is all fixed price and very sensitive to economies of scale from a profit perspective, plus Plainfield which has very little revenue and bottom line impacts, when we shut down are the reasons why revenue is the same attributed to federal strength and margins lower attributed to our reductions in commercial volume.
Mark Sopp: We still believe our sustainable margin for that business is 8% plus it does have some volatility with contract adjustments. However, historically we have had net write-ups in that business. If you look at multiple years and certainly so far this year there are award for true-ups there. And strong performance on fixed price programs which Lou and his team has done really good work out over the past 6 to 12 months. So we generally expect to see that condition in the positive territory over a long period of time. And that's our fundamental premise but notwithstanding 8% is our target in that area with the volatility we have in contract adjustments from time-to-time.
