Roger A. Krone: Yeah. I know you're talking about the ramp and the growth we have in the second half. On the headwinds, I'm not seeing a lot that I worry about relative to headwinds, with the book-to-bill in the quarter, most of this is in backlog. Some of it is, what we call, incumbent capture and that's where we've been successful in winning a business that another contractor had. And normally you'd say, well, can you get the people to work on the contract and therefore generate the revenue? And when these programs are takeaways from another contractor, very often we get a majority of the workforce to leave that company to come to work for us. And so, we're actually very comfortable with the ability to get the talented workforce on the contract and performing and therefore billing and doing revenue recognition. So, we don't see a lot of headwinds. I mean, there's the usual government shutdown, what happens to the administration, but those are the risks that we face year-in and year-out. So, we are obviously very comfortable with where we are. It was great to get this one in the book and we feel confident about going forward.
Roger A. Krone: Well, first of all, as you noticed that we put comments relative to the VA in my prepared remarks. There's always been a lot of interest around where that contract sits. And I'm sure you noticed in the quarter that Cerner was able to sign their contracts and then we were able to negotiate our relationship with Cerner on the VA program. And there is still some program planning going on and we expect that to be more booked on a current basis rather than a single event. On what we call the Defense Health Management Systems (sic) [System] Modernization program or DHMSM program, again, it's on track. We expect to begin wave deployment activity in Q3, which is moving from the IOC sites to the production environment. And that will get us off and running, and then, there are various 200 sites or so that we will roll the program out to over the next year. And so, again, it's on track, fully funded, great support from the program. We were up on the hill talking to legislators and strong support for that program going forward, and we should be fully deployed by 2022. So, all those numbers that we've given you in the past still holds and the customer, I expect, will announce sort of their schedule on their sites sometime in Q3.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah. Thanks. I don't characterize a lot of what people may have read as negative news. I think we do a lot of electronic healthcare records implementations. Anytime you do this, you are changing the way people do business and we see this when we do a commercial installation and change is a tough one and change management is really, really important. And if you go in on any IT system, a general ledger or an HR system and you ask the users shortly after the implementation of a new system, what you don't like and what you would like to see change, you're going to get a long list. That's why we did IOC sites. Madigan is a large hospital. The whole reason the program was put together the way it was is for us to install it in IOC site, put people on the ground, understand what they liked and what they didn't like, gain that knowledge, take those lessons learned, put those into our deployment plans, and go forward. There are a lot of huge benefits that have occurred to the environment up at Madigan relative to clinical results. And that's why the DHA elected to go with a unified electronic health care record system and they're reaping the benefits of that. I know DHA is really interested in standardizing clinical workflows and that's part of the program and we've been successful in doing that. And see, I didn't mention because I think we – you probably have read this, but the Coast Guard has been added to the program. And we're in discussions with our customer about definitizing what the Coast Guard phase of the program looks like. So, again, strong support on the program. The system is working well. I think veterans and active militaries will benefit from having the same Cerner backbone and we're just pleased to be involved with both programs.
Roger A. Krone: Well, probably not exactly the same. On the DHA program, the Defense Health Management program, we're the prime. So, cloud hosting, the Cerner organization, Accenture, Henry Schein, all flows through us. So, we recognize significantly more revenue on that program. On the VA program, Cerner is serving that role, and we're a support to them. So, we will only recognize the value-added that we provide. And our role will be certainly different. We will not be the program manager. We don't have contract performance responsibility as the prime integrator. That's just not what we do. We're going to be in the program office. We're going to do helpdesk. We're going to do sustainment. We're going to help them with integration. We're going to help them with security and cybersecurity, a lot of the value-added that we provided under the DHA program. But again, we will not be the name on the contract. We will not be prime. But we're going to be fully supportive of Cerner and we're committed to the success of the program and to make sure that the vets get the best electronic healthcare records system that industry can possibly provide. And that's our mission and our goal and this is the way the VA has elected to go forward and we're completely supportive of the customer. But, it does, from your standpoint, say that we will recognize significantly less revenue on the VA program than we would on the Defense Health program because of the way the contract structure works.
Roger A. Krone: We haven't disclosed anything on profit relative to the VA program. I would say it's in the same order of magnitude. We don't expect it to be significantly higher or lower. And no, I don't think it is going to be that different.
Roger A. Krone: I'm not – because we're a sub. I really can't speak to service contract with the VA. I mean, that's best for the Cerner team to talk about. The size of the program, the implementation of the program are comparable over time. But our relationship with Cerner is more of an umbrella for which we will buy – they will buy services from us, kind of, like a task order by task order or year-by-year basis. We're not getting into a lot of contract details. There is a lot of similarities between the program and how we negotiate year-over-year task orders on the DHMSM program. They're both roughly 10-year programs. The VA program is starting three years later than the DHA program, but they are roughly the same duration, the VA because of the number of implementations and the size of the VA is probably a larger program, because there's just more VA facilities out there than there are in the DHA environment.
Roger A. Krone: Well, you're asking for a level of detail probably beyond which I'm qualified to answer. Let me talk in general. The way the programs are phased, we'll be implementing essentially a production program starting in the third quarter. And the VA program will follow that and will benefit from the work that has been done under the DHA program, all right. And I think the plan is that they will go through the same process that we did under the DHA program. They'll go through a period of configuration of getting the Cerner product prepared for the VA. They'll probably go through some kind of an IOC side or prototype and then they'll roll into production. Because the program started a couple of years behind the DHA program, it probably will be behind us by some period of time. But all the specifics on the VA program, I would kind of direct you to Cerner, because they are the prime contractor, and it's really their role to talk about the waves and what the customer has in mind. And we're in a good position to inform you on what's going on with the DoD program and where we are with rollout of DHMSM. And our position is really one that is to support Cerner on VA and that's really probably the best way for us to handle that.
Roger A. Krone: Well, first of all, we don't ever put out actual win rates. So, we do try to give you a sense of where they're trending and we made the comment that our numbers are up. And frankly, across the board in all kinds of categories, we talk about re-completes, takeaways, new awards and what have you. It's a complex business, as I'm sure you know. And in any quarter, when we add something to backlog, we have what we call on-contract growth and that could be a cash quarter we pursued even within the quarter, and some of our business is actually very short cycle certainly in the commercial healthcare business, that can be 6 to 10 weeks from bid to award. And then, we have other programs that are literally years. And with protests and delays in government, it could be nearly two to three years when we started pursuing to when something is actually awarded. So, it's a fairly mixed bag, but somewhere between probably 12 to 18 months is a good figure of merit to carry in your hand.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah, I'll give you as much color as we have. I think, Ed, you're talking to a program that we refer to as the TSA ILS or Integrated Logistics Support contract, for which we were a partial incumbent, and it was a very heated competition that we lost. As you know, we filed a protest, we lost the protest. It would appear that the TSA has come back to us and asked us to extend our legacy contract. They have a unilateral right to do that for a period of time, where they can literally just call us up and say, we want you to continue to perform with the contract that you have. We were under today that unilateral extension that leads to a discussion to a bilateral extension. And what we expect, we will negotiate a bridge contract with the TSA on a bilateral basis. And that we think that sometime in the future, that will lead to a re-compete and that they will think about what their needs are to support inspection to equipment in airports, that they will write a new request for proposal. They'll come out with a new solicitation and that sometime in the future and we're talking maybe, it could be a year for the TSA to put together a new procurement package and to get that out in the street, but that they will go through a re-procurement effort. And so, our results in the quarter, there might have been a month of unilateral extension that was in backlog, something like that, very de minimis. If we can get a bridge contract negotiated, which you're saying, we hope to do that soon. Then, that could be like a year's worth of business that we might book in the third quarter. Again, not a needle-mover for us, but a program that we care a lot about. We all travel through airports. We're committed to support the TSA customer and to keep the equipment well maintained and allow us all to travel, but that's a short-term bridge. The period of months or maybe a year, year-plus, then we expect the TSA in 2019 probably to come out with a new procurement, and we will assess that. RFP, when it comes out, like we do with all business, and we'll likely bid on it and we'll see where that goes.
Roger A. Krone: Ed, thanks for your question. We really haven't been in the business of disclosing the size of the business that we're divesting or the margins that that business was carrying. The main reason that we made the decision to divest it is that it simply is a business that had a better home in a place like Capgemini and we are continuing to provide cyber capabilities and cyber support for all of our customers, again, primarily governments and regulated industries where it's much more in the fast current where we play. In terms of future divestitures, we're always thinking about ways to reshape the portfolio through acquisitions. And I would never say never on additional divestitures, but I wouldn't say that you should expect to see one next quarter, but we're never going to say never on that.
Roger A. Krone: I can't tell you that we have the detailed roll-up of what those roll-offs are. A lot of those, however, did complete their ramp down in Q2. And so, that's why again we're seeing this inflection to growth on a year-over-year basis that we're going to see in Q3 and Q4. We didn't see year-over-year growth in Q2, but, of course, when you take a look at the sequential growth rate and the book-to-bill and our look at the bottoms-up waterfall, it's where we come up with the expected growth rates in Q3 and Q4.
Roger A. Krone: We feel pretty good across the board. There's a lot of attention on what's going on in the DoD, but remember, we're more diversified than that. So, the DoD, I think the headlines are they're going to buy more airplanes and trucks and ships, and that's all good. And that tends to grab the headlines. What's also happening is, they're spending more money in R&D, which is important to us, and they're spending more money in readiness which is maintenance, repair and overhaul, which is important to us as well. So, we see the service side benefiting from the uptick in outlays. So, the good news is, we've got the omnibus signed. The money is in the pipeline. Agencies are trying to spend that to increase the effectiveness of what they do with their mission. And we've seen now finally some of that money start to come through. We've seen procurements that have been in flow for a long time finally get awarded. And we've seen protest periods come to an end. And so, it's not a bad summer. I think we're all looking at the fall, the midterm, the legislation and legislative process, and hoping that this goes smoothly, and that we get our bills and we get things passed. But history here in Washington says it never goes quite as smoothly as we would all like.
Roger A. Krone: Well, Brian, I'll talk a little bit about it. Of course, this is a second quarter call and we're not announcing results for the third quarter. First of all, everyone knows that our third quarter has always cyclically been a strong quarter for us and all the indications are that it will be that again. We had what I think is a very nice second quarter. And I really can't judge second quarter now versus third quarter, but we've always had a strong third quarter. It is a period of time when the government wants to get their awards out on the street, they want to get funds obligated before the end of the fiscal year. We expect to see that again. There were some programs that we were awarded in second quarter. Honestly, I thought they might rollover into third. So, there is a little bit of movement from third quarter to second quarter. But, we see nothing structural that says third quarter is going to be different than it has been in prior years. Budget flush, maybe not quite as aggressive as we've seen in the past. I know within DoD, most of what they got was two-year money, so that they don't have to get it obligated before the end of the fiscal year. That's not completely true of some of the civil agencies. So, we may see a little bit of a push from the civil agencies. But, we have all the indications that third quarter will continue to be a strong quarter for us and frankly for the other companies in this sector. And without giving anything away, we've been pleased with the quarter so far.
James C. Reagan: Hey, Jon. This is Jim. For the back end of the year, there is roughly about 5% of our target that is kind of go-get, with the balance of it being in backlog or being easily realized on contract growth or expected pick up on re-compete. But that gives us a lot of comfort of hitting that number. One other thing that's probably worth mentioning, also Kelly has reminded me here that when I reiterated our guidance, for some reason, I said $665 million, I meant to say $675 million for that cash flow number; again, at or above $675 million.
James C. Reagan: Cai, this is Jim. Thanks for asking. Right now, we're continuing to size up how that's going to look and it's probably not appropriate this time to venture to guess on how big the overall VA program is going to be. Like Roger indicated, it is going to be larger overall in size. And because we are going to be a subcontractor or are a subcontractor of Cerner, the way it shows up on our books will be a lot different. But certainly, a lot of the same elements of how we add value to that program will be similar between VA and DHMSM. But at this point, it's going to be difficult to size what percentage of the total we're going to get.
James C. Reagan: There might be – certainly for the next couple quarters, it's going to be de minimis. But going into next year, there might be some element of material revenue as we start to help Cerner with some of the start-up phases of the program. But again, commenting on the size – the revenue size of individual programs is generally not our policy.
James C. Reagan: Well, just to make sure I was clear, I was saying that 5% is what we have to go – is still kind of go-get. Meaning, it still has to be awarded to us...
James C. Reagan: So, there is upside on contract growth. There is upside in things that we've talked about that have some volatility in the health group. So, it is really hard to say exactly and again, because we've got our revenue guidance still fairly wide. The velocity of the ramp is still something where we see some possibility for upside or other volatility.
James C. Reagan: The seasonality that we have seen in the past typically results in the number of workdays and seasonality around vacations. Here, we're going to – we've seen such strong bookings in the last couple of quarters and looking at how that phases out. We've built a contract waterfall from the bottom-up, Cai, and where we see hiring happening and where we see our ability to rebadge people off from incumbent contractors over to the work that we've taken away from others is where we really get our confidence and the full-year guide.
James C. Reagan: And speaking to your point on year-over-year, that's why, we have spent some time focusing on sequential growth rates in our commentary for this quarter compared to in the past.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. And it's probably worth saying, in some cases, things flip pretty quickly and the VA contract is an example of one that was less than that. But, if you get back to win rates, it's probably worth amplifying that one place that we've been really pleased with our performance on win rates is on takeaways, which are particularly difficult to realize and our increased success in building new business that is held by others has been pretty gratifying.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. The bids outstanding is about just under $25 billion. I think it's like $24.6 billion and it's roughly consistent with what we saw last quarter, primarily because we had a lot of new things coming out of the pipeline that have been awarded. So, that's why, it's roughly flat.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Gavin, there obviously was some pull forward in the quarter because we had a DSO reduction that was faster than what is normal. And with that said, we're very pleased with our ability to continue to ring cash out of the balance sheet. And this year, 43% of our full-year target was achieved in the first half of the year. Typically, that's between 20% and 25%, just because of the normal seasonality on cash. So, I think that that is a good proof point of how well we're executing. This isn't just a billing thing. This is execution on programs. And happy customers pay faster, and that's also part of what's contributing to strong cash. It certainly makes us more comfortable that we'll achieve or overachieve on that $675 million-plus number that we've articulated.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. There's certainly a part of the $64 million that relate to some longer term receivables that we have on a few programs and those will continue to work their way down. And we're always going to be looking for ways to take days out of the capital conversion process. And I think that we're never going to stop looking to continue down into the 50s million. But I think that it's fair to say, as you suggested, that 64-ish million is a reasonable number that we would be focused on through the end of the year.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. I think that you should think of those as having a lot of contribution to 2019 and 2020. We commented last quarter that we're seeing some lengthening of the average contract award or average task order award duration and we're continuing to see that trend into the second quarter. And I think that we probably have a reason to think that the average contact length will continue to increase into Q3 and Q4.
James C. Reagan: The number that you're seeing there is getting closer to what you're seeing. As we continue to look at reduction and streamlining of our corporate expenses, including real estate and including corporate staff, we're going to begin to converge on what you're going to expect to see on an annualized basis.
