Roger Krone: Yeah. We're still really optimistic about the out years. We made the comment I think both Chris and I that long-term, we don't see anything that changes the conversation that we've had in the past. And frankly since we were all together in New York last fall, the budget environment actually has gotten better and better in the areas where we're focused and differentiated. So I am still very bullish on the future.
Roger Krone: Well, it's really exciting across the board. The hypersonic programs strong support. We have actually three Enduring Fires program, one with the laser, one with a missile and one with a high-powered microwave. And those are all strongly supported. The space business, there's things that hopefully we'll be able to talk about next quarter that are really great developments there. And we are -- I don't want to overemphasize this, but we're really, really pleased with how that has worked out. And of course that's why we chose it for the visit in the fall. And I can't wait to walk you through the plant and let you meet some of the team down there. I think you'll be really excited too.
Roger Krone: We've got an emphasis to -- a little bit complicated. I'll try to make it very simple. Direct labor is really important to us. It's how we absorb lot of our costs. And so if we can have higher direct labor under the same revenue bucket that's a positive for us. So we're trying to increase the Leidos' content of the work we have across the board. Now I'll also tell you quarter-to-quarter month-to-month it's going to fluctuate. But we have a long-term effort to increase our content. And Sheila as you know significant part of our content is the work that our great people do every day. And so seeing headcount grow faster than revenue, we actually view that as a positive. That means we are implementing our strategy. And we're having success in attracting and retaining the people that we need to help us be successful.
Roger Krone: Yes. And thanks Sheila. Obviously, we watch the VA program very closely. We have a relatively small role in supporting Cerner on the program. The movement of Cerner to Oracle, I think is going to be a positive for the program. Oracle is a real strong company, very strong software and data management. There's the Oracle Cloud. I think that will all be favorable for the VA. I know that they are paused while they reassess their go-forward plan. We stand ready to support Oracle, Cerner, the VA, any one of those organizations with the best of Leidos and frankly, members of our DHMSM team, and we'll just have to sit back and see how it develops. Again, I know they're paused. But the VA needs a single electronic healthcare record system and they need the interoperability with the active military, and we're strongly supportive of both of those.
Roger Krone: Yes. It is slow acquisition activity. It's a slow ramp on the programs that we've won. Of course, some of the programs that we won got protested, so they got pushed further into the year. Outlays are actually down. And I really can't -- I can't tell you why -- what's going on in the acquisition in the Pentagon, although we do talk to the Pentagon officials, head of Acquisition head of Research. They fully intend to spend the money. And they've got the money authorized and appropriated. I think they're a little bit like everyone that a lot of their talent retired. They're still working remote. So things are just taking longer. And then, something that's really important to us is, what we call special project work on a lot of our contracts. This is where we have a base contract with a defined statement of work and the customer says, gosh, why you're doing that? Well, could you do these other things? That's really beneficial to us, both from a top line and a bottom line. And that project work got delayed because of the budget uncertainty. And we're optimistic that we'll see more of that in the second half of the year. But we're cautious to forecast it, as you noticed in Chris' remarks. So I think overall there's good news. I think short-term, it's just kind of getting the machine, running again and getting them to spend the money.
Roger Krone: Yes. And Rob, I would comment. And this is an absolute, but if a program is over $1 billion, I think the customer runs the acquisition process with the knowledge that there'll be a protest. So I think in both peer review and in writing the acquisition opinion and the sourcing letter, I think they're taking more time to get it right to either avoid the protest, which obviously hasn't been happening or to ensure that the award will be upheld. We've got protested again. It happens to us almost every quarter now in our large social security win. And I think in the government that they are now kind of like a protest is almost the normal and the bigger the program, the more likely the protest.
Roger Krone: Yes. Of course, I mean you and I are both speculating on why. I think there's a concern about the economy. Some of big tech has slowed their hiring. Some big tech has actually announced some layoffs. It's the summer and just a lot of people are on vacation or not. There is sort of a cycle and a seasonality to when people leave and when people stay. Very few people leave before like incentive awards are made in March. And I hope we're seeing a change in our long-term trend. But we've all been here before. It could spike back. We are still not back to pre-COVID levels. So although, we have started to see some moderation in attrition which I view as favorable but I do worry a little bit about the economy. And I'm not forecasting recession but I am forecasting maybe a little toning down in growth. So – and I think for a lot of people we have great jobs. We have great work. I mean we pay really great salaries. We have really cool stuff to do and we're able to attract some really great people. And I think once they get here and they start doing some of the fantastic stuff that we do, they go gosh, I want to do that. And that has that message has gotten through to our employees and I think we benefited from that.
Roger Krone: Yes. And DES, we've been turned on for the first task quarter which is very small. We are – let me spend at least 15, 20 seconds to describe the program. So in DES we work with DISA to create a common architecture called DoD ONE-Net. And once we've established that architecture then we will migrate 20-some-odd federal agencies to the new architecture. So the first thing we have to do is partner with our customer and define the architecture. And that is really hard work but a small number of people working in partnership with a DISA customer. And that's going to go on for months. So it's going to be really low. I don't think we put numbers out. But as I think I said not significant impact to top line or bottom line. Next year right, we started to do migrations. And then in the third year we do even more migration. So – and again I think we said this last quarter is that when we clear it – it was going to be a very slow ramp. But then it will ramp into a significant program. Whether we'll ever achieve the IDIQ value of $11.5 billion I guess we'll have to tune in 10 years from now. It has the potential to do that because we believe the architecture and the cost savings and the increased cybersecurity and the efficiency of this new DoD ONE-Net will be so advantageous to the government customers that people will want to migrate maybe even more agencies over time. But it's going to take a while to get there. 
Roger Krone: Hey, Colin, I'll touch on it a little bit. I'm not sure we have enough time on the call to talk about all the things we're doing. But I think we all realize that we are in an era where there are going to be more jobs than people. I mean, it's just a fundamental structural problem. If you look at college grads and where we can source. And so that from a long-term standpoint talking with our HR and our leadership team, it's about okay, what can we automate, how can we put RPAs into our administrative and functional organizations and free the talent up, so that they can provide value-added goods and services to our customers? And then what is our new knowledge worker work look like in this industry? And then how do we hire them retain them upskill them right and grow them over time? And so we have a long long-term view of our labor strategy and how we want to take people and create multiple gates and multiple steps in their career. So, they graduate from college, they come here they pick up some stretch Thunkable credentials. They add another computer language. They pick up Python. They get a master's degree. We continue to invest in them. They continue to grow and move professionally. And they go wow I'm doing great work. I'm making competitive salary. And I see my career advancing at the company opportunities for growth and management. We're growing. And that's a terrific place to be where we're growing and hiring people. But we do realize that the world that I grew up in is no longer here. And we have to be very thoughtful about where we want to put our people and frankly maybe what we want to do with partners and what we want to do with automation.
Roger Krone: Yes. So, Cai I think the next quarter will be better, but I don't see the super blowout. I think and clearly Booz and all the other competitors we all work in the same industry. We're all facing the same acquisition issues. A point I would make which is something I can speak to from Leidos, I don't know about the other companies is our win rates are about the same, right? We didn't lose a lot of programs in first quarter or second quarter. There wasn't a lot of opportunities that were canceled, right? Things just moved to the right. And we saw that across our entire value stream. Again, as you pointed out some of our cash payments that we thought were going to happen in the quarter got paid in the first week or two of July. Chris talked about that being I think over $100 million. And it's just the process in the customer is slow. And we -- and I'll go back -- and then we got a couple of protests which really hurt our book-to-bill. But we kind of plan those. Every once in a while we get surprise. We don't get a protest, but more likely than not we get a protest. And that -- the social security bid probably won't turn around provided we prevail in the protest not until third quarter but in fourth quarter. So, that's not really going to give us much lift in third quarter. Again it should be stronger. But I think it is a slower ramp from the budget problems that we had earlier this year and the end of last year.
Roger Krone: Yes Cai. I think a good example is this program we call FENS, which is sort of a network infrastructure program for the FAA. A year ago, we thought it would have happened in first quarter and first quarter it got delayed to the second half of the year. Now it's a little bit uncertain, even when they're going to make the award, I think we can almost count on a protest. So if they make the award in the third quarter or fourth quarter, that could be extended well into 2023. And we just have that kind of uncertainty. And we've seen more of that trend, and more of that behavior perhaps than we have over the past couple of years. 
Roger Krone: Yes, we did. They're not quite -- well they're not announceable, yet. Well, I always think every month, we have great wins. So I mean that's just sort of me. There's -- sometimes the wins, I'm most excited about probably don't make the print, because they're strategic and there is technology involved. And we had some of those in July that we'll be able to talk about in the next quarter. And -- but there was no mega win in July. Probably, our next biggest win on the horizon, there's a couple of programs there's a big IDIQ that might get award. But then we have to fight for tens score, it's probably that FAA FENS program. 
Roger Krone: Listen, we're really pleased with our international work. And we're a little under 10%, by revenue of dollars that come from outside the US, right? And -- but we're going to be very selective. We tend to follow the US, in five Whys. So we're strong in the UK and Australia has always been a traditionally strong market for us. And by the way, they are a terrific ally of the United States. They have fought, I think in every war alongside the US, since the turn of the century. So growing more in Australia, is definitely a priority for us. But we want to grow in the right way and think of us as kind of growing country by country. We want to be in a country, grow large enough where we're going to have infrastructure in critical mass, and then use that country to maybe move regionally. We are not going to be like some of our competitors, where we're big enough that we can have offices in every country. But we think -- the international, is a nice mix in the portfolio. It could be countercyclical, with some of the priorities within the US. And then I put into a whole different category, our SES business, our security business, which by its nature is global, I mean, it's just -- the way that business works both at airports and ports and borders. The machines are easily transportable. By the way the specs and the requirements, are relatively uniform. If you can put a provision at Dulles, you can put a provision in Hong Kong usually with small mods. And that equipment for us is, manufactured in the US and then we export it around the world. And around the world, looks to US, as the standard setter. So in the SES business, we're probably anomaly 125 countries. But it doesn't mean, that we have necessarily a large organization in those countries. We might have a field service tech and an airport. We might have a couple of people doing maintenance and support. And that business, I would tell you today, is already global and isn't going to become more global. We're about in every country, that we feel is appropriate for us to sell in  I really understood your question to be more of okay, well you bought another business in Australia, which we think is a real positive. We're really excited about the business. It's a critical mission for the Australian government. And growing larger in Australia, is absolutely part of our strategy. 
Roger Krone: No. The way we look at it is, we had a path when we bought the business and we signed the deal before COVID. And then we -- there's this huge trough in our revenue and it has affected margin too, although, it's still a nice margin business, right? And we hit bottom. And now we've seen it start to recover and we are seeing double-digit growth in that business year-over-year. In our forecast it will continue where in 2024, we'll hit the pre-COVID level and then it will continue to grow beyond that as airports both in the US and in the rest of the world end up modernizing their equipment, one, because of age, but secondly, because of evolving threat, which is new chemicals, fentanyl, other chemicals, meth that the old machines couldn't detect. What we call touchless is the big demand at airports as we all know is to be able to just walk through. And the technology is emerging where most airports 10 years from now will have a touchless experience for the passenger and we expect that to drive significant demand. I know I would go down a lane that was touchless versus one that was not.
Roger Krone: And efficiencies. So -- and we have been during this sort of troughed area investing heavily in technology so that we are ready to compete as the business comes back.
Roger Krone: Yes. They're completely separate. So this is more -- the Australia business are airplanes with sensors flying over pretty much blue water and littoral water looking for boats that are in distress and maybe boats that shouldn't be there. And our other business is literally where you drive a car through, you drive a truck through. We have a rail business. We're at the Mexican border where the railcars go through one of our machine and then we do personnel screening. So they're very, very different. It is -- I think you are right. The customer when you go way to the top is the same in Australia, but it's probably a different organization of that customer. And we were not interested in the carbon business, because of a crossover to our SES business. 
Roger Krone: Yes. First of all, let me tell you what I think is going to happen and then if you want an editorial of what do I think -- I use -- that too. I think that non-defense will move with defense. I don't think you get an omnibus without moving the non-defense budget in the same direction. I think that's what we've seen in the past couple of years. I think that's what will happen this year. And whether we do this in the lame duck which is what I think is going to happen and people are going to want to move non-defense and defense sort of in lockstep we will get an omnibus. It will get done before the next Congress comes in and we will move on. And I think that will be good for Leidos across the board both our Defense business, our Intel business our Health and Civil. Now if you ask me if that's good, by the way, I think it's good for the company. I think it's good for our employees and our shareholders. I have three-year-old kids and there are times where I wonder when we're going to have to pay this back. And that means maybe there's a tax increase sometime in the distant future or another source of revenue for the federal government. But from a Leidos standpoint, from an investor standpoint I expect the budget environment to be very, very healthy for us for years. 
Chris Cage: Yeah. Sheila this is Chris. I'll get started. Maybe Roger can comment on the VA program. Obviously, we're very pleased with the Health team and their ongoing performance. And we had told you in Q1 that we had won a recompete successfully that was critically important, although that there was an increased amount of competition introduced on that program. We also won some new work on international. So both of those dynamics are shaking their way out and we'll continue to see international ramp-up and we might see some pressure on the legacy side on the pre-discharge work. You talked about burn pit that's something we're watching very carefully. The team believes there is a significant increase in demand that will come from that. Obviously, we had hoped and expected that legislation would have passed by now. We're monitoring that daily, hourly and we hope to have some good news soon. So that's something that there is a modest amount of increased volume in the back half of the year associated with that coming through. And we think hopefully we'll be in a position where we could do better than that if things work through quickly. And Roger might comment on the VA.
Chris Cage: I think that's typically what we would see, the larger, more complicated to evaluate, multiple competitors, longer EM, evaluation process. I think the -- where we do best is on-contract growth on existing vehicles. There's no competition. And again, there's hope that we'll see more of that come through in this -- in the fall quarter leading up the government fiscal year-end. But the more complicated procurements -- and you've seen that. I mean different agencies are different, but we've seen more consolidation into larger vehicles is often the case. And so those things can tend to push out the procurement cycle.
Chris Cage: Yes, Gavin. We won't put too fine of a point on margins by segment but I think you've got it right. We've been signaling Health is an area that we would expect to moderate down. We still expect that to be the case. But again, we love the team's performance. We talked earlier about burn pit legislation. There are some dynamics there that could help us. But it will not run at these levels because there's been a couple of one-timers in Q1 and Q2 in Health. Civil I think again AEGIS was a program brand new start. We knew it was going to be certainly at the front end of this program, multiyear program on the lower margin range. And that will continue to ramp up. But Civil is also where we absorbed a lot of the legal charges that I talked about. So we see those margins trending better. We -- Roger spoke about some areas of improved activity in our security products business. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves but that's an area that I'd say the back half will be stronger than the first half on profitability and margins. And Civil is a well-run business overall. So I think the Civil performance should trend a little bit higher. And then Defense, quite honestly is probably -- over time, it will be higher. Whether that occurs in the back half of this year's TBD, I mean the special project work that Roger talked about is something that we'd love to see that come on at a higher volume. We're not yet seeing that and therefore don't anticipate that will change in the very near term. There is some transition. The Afghan work moderated down. There's some great airborne opportunities that the team is pursuing. That's something we hope to speak about in the future. That will be a growth catalyst and margin catalyst for us. But right now, I'd say probably along these -- this current trajectory on the defense margin side for the near term.
Chris Cage: Yeah. I mean, Colin, we're early to get in detail about 2023, right? And we'll certainly speak about that more as we get to next year's guidance. But again, I think Roger talked about the budget backdrop is a foundational starting point and that's favorable. Therefore, the volume of things that we're seeing and bidding on continues to be strong and favorable. And so, defense activity is one that we've seen a lot of throughput in opportunities more Dig MOD opportunities more C4ISR opportunities. I mentioned hopefully some airborne opportunities where we've demonstrated a great capability that the customer is interested in seeing more of. Dynetics in the defense hardware side, absolutely ,there are some programs that will be ramping up. There's also some programs that will be moderating, as we transition towards proof of concept, completing demos and getting into hopefully a production cycle award which will probably be more likely 2024. And so those things all should do fine. Civil again, would probably be the aviation hardware accelerating growth, but not back to pre-COVID levels, but the trends are positive there. And more civil agency digital modernization opportunities we continue to see and bid on that we're pursuing. And the wildcard is Health. Now the one big catalyst that we've been waiting on is the Reserve Health Readiness program. We spoke about that for over a year now. That had been delayed. It was originally in this year's expectation. It's now fully out of any contribution for 2022. But we see that as a big program that we've already won and should ramp up nicely in 2023. So those are a few things that come to mind. But again, we'll talk in more detail about 2023 as we get to that time of the year. 
Chris Cage: And the only thing I'd add to that is again we've been talking about some of these businesses. But clearly we see as growth catalysts some of our businesses that are less head count-dependent. What's happening in Dynetics what's happening with the security products business. So, again, they're not a huge part of the portfolio but they'll becoming increasingly larger part of the portfolio over time.
Chris Cage: And I think Cai is increasingly we're talking about the mega awards the larger awards those just don't often line up with the government fiscal year-end third quarter cycle. So, you could see the bigger quarters any time like we had a great first quarter. On the funding side, I mean again I think that's conversion of previous prior awards unfunded to funded. That's not always going to follow the same cycle. It's easy for a contract officer to make that action on something they've already awarded and give you incremental funding dollars versus a whole new procurement decision process. So, to me, it's great. We like to see our funded backlog improving. But I don't think you can read too much into the cycle around when those activities take place versus brand-new award decisions.
Chris Cage: Well, Matt, I would tell you that certainly in the near term that won't -- we don't expect the margins on that program to get at or above the corporate average. So we recognize there's some initial investment. In fact that's part of what we're seeing this year quite honestly is while we are in the protest process, the team was building out the PMO staff. They were getting ahead of transition working jump-start. So we're spending money on DES, and we'll continue to do so, because we're taking a big picture a long-term view on that. I would just tell you that I expect 2024 to be more of a significant contribution than 2023. So we've got this ramp-up that Roger spoke about. It's early so we can't give you a lot of precision on exactly the timing and customer adoption. But certainly by 2024, it should be a more significant part of the growth story for us.
Chris Cage: Yes. So Seth it – obviously, supply chain is a factor that we're seeing here and there. But the particular issue in hypersonics was kind of plan, the cycle production schedule for that program. It's following course that we expected it to. Now we're hopeful for some more authorizations from a funding perspective that could help the program. As a growth catalyst in 2023 that's something we're paying attention to. But right now there's not a big issue from a supply chain bottleneck although I would say that we're still not out of the woods on that as it relates to certain component parts in various parts of the business. But it hasn't been a major factor for us this quarter. 
Chris Cage: Yes. That's certainly something we have ongoing discussion with the leadership team. And there's a lot of catalysts within the Civil business. Certainly, SES is a big part of the longer-term margin strategy. I've mentioned some of the nice program wins that we've had on the defense -- on the digital modernization side and those will be on the lower margin side in the near-term. Where we do really well on margins -- our commercial energy business has been a strong margin catalyst for Civil. We're continuing to see that grow although it's a smaller part of the portfolio. We do well in our transportation, aviation business with the FAA quite honestly. And that's subject to FAA budget environment new program starts. And the anchor is some of our MNO support contracts, mission ops whether that's with DOE or other customers are tend to be on the lower margin side. So I would say in the near-term to get back to those levels is probably a multiyear undertaking as we look to win and execute more Dig Mod portfolio and see SES rebound, but some small improvements in other parts of the portfolio or what we after with the team. So that's how we see it right now Jasper in the near-term. 
