Roger Krone: Yes, let me talk in general. First of all, on Ukraine. Yes, we're probably seeing higher op tempo in our defense sector because of support that the U.S. is giving to the effort and the supplemental spending. But that being said, the conflict I think long term is probably bad for the industry. We're not in the business of war, we're in the business of providing a deterrent and so I think it's -- we will spend money now, but we will take it away from the future, and I think it's also bad for the country.  Certainly bad, I think, for Europe, and I think it's really bad for the global community. We're seeing more stratification of nations and going back to a tripolar world, and I'm not sure that's really good for anyone. That being said, we've probably worked more overtime, which meant our cost probably went down because we've got more direct labor that we didn't plan for.  And yes, there are some programs that appear to be accelerated because of some of the emerging threats that were used in Ukraine, hypersonics comes to mind. But we have the Indirect Fires program, which we expect to be fully supported. And then, to the extent that anybody is in the weapons business and we don't have a significant weapons business, but some of our peers that make [Indiscernible] and switchblades and javelins and things like that, and those inventories and that stock will have to be replenished. I think the broader view is, every time I think we as a country get comfortable that we can lower the defense budget because if you will, peace is broken out across the world. We learned that the world is still a very complicated place and we end up having to put the money back in the defense budget. So I think the long term prospect is that we will see a strong defense budget for the foreseeable future.  And what's especially good for us at Leidos is as the defense budget has moved up, there's now seems to be almost like an iron bar between the defense side and the civil side. So we rarely now are seeing increase on the defense side without a commensurate increase in the civil side, which really provides us a benefit across all of our segments. And so now I will, as a citizen, as a tax payer, I worry about the national debt and I worry about balancing the budget someday and all of that. But from my position as CEO, this has all been a real positive for the company and for Leidos and the strategy that we implemented, which was to be able to address the broad markets within the federal government.  And some of the international government. So as I said in my comments, we'll see the money start to come through that PBB system in the second half of '22 and then '23 looks like it's going to be another strong year on both sides. And frankly, '24 will follow. I just think we're at a place relative to government spending. That's going to favor our industry. So thanks for your question, Peter.
Roger Krone: Hey, Cai. I would add on the funding side. When we start some of these very, very large programs, getting the billing process where we aggregate bills and getting the contracting officer and that whole process to work as smoothly as it will on a mature program takes us a couple of cycles. And so it's not the available of funding at the customer level, it's getting the process of submitting invoices, aggregating invoices, and working with contracting officers, some of which are new to us because these are new programs, and just getting that process to operate as efficiently as we do on our more mature programs. So we expect as the year goes on, that you will see that reverse.
Roger Krone: Lessee, there is more proposal activity and we're out on the road more, we're engaged with customers more. But like any acquisition process, when you essentially come to a stop, getting it started again so there's RFI, there's an RFP cycle and it just takes time. And air traffic in the U.S. is at or better than international is still lagging. And then in certain regions, there's still lagging, but our team is traveling again.  In fact, the Group President has been overseas talking to airports and the airports are now coming forward with new forward plans post COVID, which will include a modernization of both checkpoint baggage. And we've been investing in technology. We're trying to get to a touchless passenger experience, which I think is kind of the Holy Grail of all of us who want to go through airports. But that's just going to take time. So the recovery has been slow and it's going to take us well into '23 before we get back.
Roger Krone: Rob, I don't know that we'd given a precise estimate of that. Because it ebbs and flows, right. Where the demand signal comes from in the service. But these days, it's less internationally focused a little bit more domestically focused. But to Roger's point, where we see that bounce back in that future demand will be more internationally focused when that does occur.
Roger Krone: Inflation will come down. Maybe not to pre - COVID levels, but won't sustain at this level. And I know there's a lot of focus on quarter-by-quarter of these numbers. But the economic -- economists that I talk to and the reports that I'm reading are that this will temper over the next quarter or two, back to a more normal level which will give them a little bit more real top-line
Roger Krone: Yeah. I'll start and Chris can add. What we said is we're still within the range that we have put out in the marketplace, although they are obviously pluses and minuses. And I made a comment in my prepared remarks that a lot of risk has been retired and we have more confidence in our ability to meet our numbers for the year. But it's the first quarter, there's a lot of uncertainty. I don't know what's going to happen in Ukraine. And you should take away is that we're still bounded by our guidance.  But the team here is certainly a lot more confident than we were when we talk to you at first quarter, when we didn't have a budget, we didn't know about Defense Enclave Services. We hadn't gotten out of the ages of protest, so there's a lot of good things going on from a forecast standpoint within Leidos, but we're still clearly within our upper and lower balance in our guidance range.
Roger Krone: Sure. We make the common hypersonic glide body down Dynetics in Huntsville and we have delivered our first Leidos manufacturer, common - hypersonic glide body to the customer. And we are ramping up production, I can't share what the production numbers are, but it's a fairly steep ramp. The program is fully funded. We also won -- we've talked about this in the past the thermal protection system contract. This is the coating that goes on the outside of the common - hypersonic glide body.  And so we're producing in manufacturing the thermal protection system. And I will say this, we have ample capacity to raise our rates significantly above what we're contracted for. And then we also makes the launcher, which is more associated with the parent program, though long-range hypersonic weapon. And we had delivered our first tranche of launchers in there with the army doing training.  And we're in a position to build additional launchers. And as those contracts get written, but we're excited about the program. We believe there is a huge near-term need, and although we're conservative in what we put in our financial forecast, we clearly think there's upside on the hypersonic business.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Well, I'll give you an overview and then Chris can sharpen the numbers part of it. We're in protest. We're optimistic that the GAO rule on time, it clearly could go to another round of protest. Should go to the quarter Federal Claims. But it is a very slow ramp. So let me describe the program is, this is -- this are taking over more IT environment to come to if you will, a common network approach across, DOD. And so we will transform networks of other DOD agencies outside of the services and this happens agency by agency basis.  The first couple agencies that we will transform are relatively small. If we come out of a protest in June, the revenue this year is very small. Almost double-digit but not much more than that. And then it builds over time. I would caution dividing 11.5 by 10 and putting a billion-dollar in your model. We have to win and achieve that. I mean, there is a potential to do that several years out, but it's not at that level in our models.  It's smaller than that. That's an IDIQ ceiling. If you're familiar on how that contract works, that gives the customer room to grow in to spend at that level. But from our own internal modeling, it will be a slow ramp and we'll actually take years to become a significant program at that level.
Roger Krone: And Colin, there's still some big opportunities we have to win. We've talked about the FENS program, which now been delayed to the fall and there are a series of multi-billion-dollar programs that are still in our pipeline. So we have to continue to do overdoing, hire the people, execute in the business development area, win the programs and in staff, the programs.  And then the customer has to fully fund. And right now, I think '22 and '23 looked pretty solid. But if there is a big sea chain, frankly, if we get into a war where the U.S. is actually involved, that we'll re-prioritize spending within the federal government. Maybe a way from long-term modernization to actual combat operations. We're hopeful that won't happen, but that could have a significant effect on how we view the future.
Roger Krone: Yeah, Mariana, I would just foot stomp. We're really happy with our portfolio today, and so we look at M&A as a way to accelerate technology or customer access or relationship with a customer. We were fortunate to be able to do some larger transactions early, and it rounded out our portfolio. And now as we see technology advance, there's always a couple areas where I think our time-to-market would be benefited by partnering with a company rather than trying to develop that internally.  And then there are still customers in the federal space that we don't have a long term relationship with, and so if we're able to accelerate that relationship through another company that has a great portfolio will do that. Otherwise, as we said in our capital allocation, we're really thinking about how we get value back to you, our shareholders. So thanks for the question.
Christopher Cage: Right. Thanks, Sheila. So it's more than a singular program. In fact, it just been a variety of opportunities. And we encourage our teams to be creative and bring forward business cases, where they see opportunities that could lead to longer-term payoffs and we've seen a number of those opportunities. Some on programs that we're performing on, that were all in to make sure we deliver on time and on schedule and on budget. And so we believe those performance on those programs will lead to future opportunities with those customers.  That's one example, but there's also areas where we see next generation of certain technologies that we want to continue to invest in because we believe the demand will be there. As it relates to the pattern of profitability through the year, we always had an expectation that that would build, as we progress through the year for variety of factors. Some of which, just the timing that we have visibility into program performance, product deliveries or a little bit more back end loaded over the course of the year. Programs like maybe NextGen, which has been ramping up very nicely. There's more project work now that we're into that program, 6 plus months and the team sees opportunities, as we move to the back half of the year to continue to deliver for the Navy customer.  So I think the pattern with some modest increases over the course of the year and that will counterbalance some of the things that we're seeing in Health where the margins were a little bit inflated in the first quarter as you saw. But as far as the close on your indirect spending question, it's not a surprise to us. We certainly anticipated getting back, being on the road, being involved with trade shows as necessary. And so, as we built our pricing rates for the year, we certainly incorporated those expectations.
Christopher Cage: Right. It's a modest uptick as we see the year playing out; obviously, we just got started. Roger talked about our AEGIS award program, so there was really no contribution of that in the first quarter. That will start to contribute more in the second and build through the second half of the year. There's obviously some other new start programs that we just talked about.  One of the key variables will be within health and how we see the exam volume moderating, but we've certainly anticipated that coming back down to the more normative levels that we've discussed. Think about steady uptick in the run rate with the growth rate will moderate as you know the back half of last year was a little bit stronger, so you'll see those growth rates dial down. And that I think margin profile will continue modest increases over the course of the year.
Christopher Cage: Well, the large awards in health this quarter are like a fixed unit rate pricing. And I would tell you, well we don't have necessarily escalator protection, we spent a lot of time in our pricing building in the forward rates and oftentimes those are prescriptive assumptions by the customer. And if things deviate, you have an opportunity to revisit that. But we take that estimate of inflationary cost increases into consideration we're building up our price on. As far as the overall, our fixed-price concentration hasn't moved much as a percent of revenue. So you're seeing the new orders come in along the same lines of what we've seen historically.
Christopher Cage: No, not at this time. We're doing the best we can to come back that as we priced new opportunities and having still more than 50% cost plus mix in the portfolio certainly gives you some backstop installation, but we're certainly being thoughtful about pricing that the fixed price components of the new bids.
Christopher Cage: Well, let's see. It's hard for me to judge whether the government customer writ large, understands the complete impact of inflation versus a real growth in their budget. Certainly a variety of customers that we talk to. And I would point out, Gavin. The fuel cost is in immediate problem for, say, the Department of Defense, especially as they have increased op tempo and they have to buy the fuel comes out of the working capital fund. And so there are a variety of things that are happening in the macro economy that are going to cap down sort of the enthusiasm on the top-line increase. And I see -- my view is that at the SEC depth -- SEC depth level, they completely understand that. I don't think they're going to get supplemental for inflation. I think that they're thinking through the impact to the overall budget as they look at '23 and '24. But I also -- I'll just share with you what the rhetoric is around town here in Washington is that we will not sustain inflation at this rate. Is as we come out of the back of the pandemic, as we get to whatever normal is, and Ukraine,
Christopher Cage: Yeah Gavin, that's certainly the thought process that we went through, and we're a lot -- we've learned from last year, things could evolve. The speed at which we think the positive budget environment flows through to orders we'll have to watch that carefully over here. The next couple of months. There's some exciting new programs that were -- we've been bidding on. And so depending upon those decision timings over the next two to three months could certainly be positive catalyst for us. But at this point in time, we're on a nice trajectory. We're still in, we believe the overall ranges for the year and so it was premature to think about changing that at this time.
Christopher Cage: Yes. So let me start and Roger can pile on. So for the first quarter, we're not featuring the exam businesses, the primary driver for strong margins. I have to give it to the dim sum team. They're just doing an excellent job and we saw, again as they've deployed more, they're seeing more efficiencies. And we talked about procurement and delivery in our prepared remarks. How we're delivering software for the customer, finding opportunities to get more efficient and doing so. So that one really helped contribute in the quarter.  That was a little bit of a onetime pickup, but actually it will help us on ongoing basis maintain a little bit. Margin profile there. The exam business is doing well. I would say largely about the same levels that where we were a year ago. And I think if you read carefully our prepared remarks, we talked about two things. Number 1, we're excited to have won a position internationally, which provides opportunity to expand that business in an area we haven't been before.  On the flip side, on one of our regions, one of the areas we perform on, we were re-awarded that contract, but they also added a couple additional suppliers, potentially to the mix. We don't know how that dynamic will play out as far as how the case load gets distributed there, so that's certainly an area that we'll have to watch and moderate and could potentially we're anticipating will put some downward pressure on margins over the course of the year, but we'll have to wait and see.
Christopher Cage: I'll just add a little bit of colors of the number of exams we do per day, per week, maintained strong through the period. The discussions that we've had with the customer is there is a potential this year and next year that they will go back and review. So what they call prior presumptive cases, things related to [Indiscernible] and some other things that might sustain the volume of -- in the exam business sort of above what we have forecasted. We've had those discussions with the customers. We haven't seen the volume come all the way through yet, so it's a bit of wait and see.  And on the district six, which is your transition exam when you lead the active military and you go to VA. They added another -- actually added two more contractors because of the anticipation that there will be added volume through this presumptive cases. And we can talk more about it as the quarters go by, but it's really, really important for our customer to provide a timely medical exam to the people who served the country. And so they want to add more capacity into the system because I think we'll have more exams and we'll just have to wait and see how it plays out.
Christopher Cage: There's a variety of things, Seth. Well, first of all, on the investment questions, if we see smart investments, we believe for the long term we're going to fund those even if they were over and above the plan. But as of right now, obviously, we are holding to our guidance. I talked about some of the product deliveries, although as Roger alluded to, the SDA business is not where we ultimately hope it will be. We are still shipping some products and those are more back-end loaded over the course of the year. We'll be ramping up some new program wins.  That scale will continue to increase the engine. Project work is back-end loaded, and some of the projects that Dyne tics is working on in delivering we are anticipating a better performance over the back half of the year. There's a variety of factors across the portfolio. We're not far off obviously at [Indiscernible] margin. We're not far off of what our goals are, but you're right, and we're preparing for health moderating down in the other parts of the portfolio, moderating up a little bit this year.
Christopher Cage: Well, yes. It all bounced back overnight, right? We're not expecting that we'll get a step function increase, but that's where we think we'll ultimately be able to get back to.
Christopher Cage: But we're really excited but the team is doing a great job. In fact, Roger, myself, a few other executives are getting on a plane later today to fly down to Huntsville and celebrate some of the recent successes they've had because they're really knocking it out of the park.
Christopher Cage: I mean, Matt, I'm probably going to dodge your question even more. Obviously, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Very excited to get the win notification, have a high degree of confidence in our team. They know how to defend protests. And so we're going to go through that process. We're going to see what happens in June. And to Roger's point, I feel like this is a program that will continue to drive growth for multiple years.  That's the good news and we'll do everything we can to deliver for the customer, maximize the value of the contract, because that means we're really delivering great capability to up to 22 agencies within the DoD Fourth Estate. But think about this potentially, it will become, we believe, one of our top programs but don't expect that in '23 and probably not in '24. It will take multiple years to get there.
Christopher Cage: It's really interesting. We're People Company and clearly, every day, almost every hour we're talking about people and hiring. And the great resignation, unquote means people are moving. And if they're resigning from Leidos that are going to work someplace else, if the resigning from someplace else, they are coming to work at Leidos. So our accepts are in the 90% of the offers that we make. We fill most of our positions between 30 and 45 days. So it's not a hiring problem, it's a retention problem. And we all have. I've got kids and coming out of COVID people are looking around. They want to try something different and so we're doing a lot.  If you were in our meetings we have a great talent acquisition team. They are doing a great job and we can always do better. But we're spending a lot of our time on how we continue to make Leidos an attractive place not to come to work, but to stay. And so this is career development, this is investing in the future of our employees. This what we call upskilling, teach them new languages like Python and things like that so that they can have a new job and stay at Leidos, if you will. And there's a lot of work and I know I was talking to some of our competitors and they have the same problem and we're all focusing on employee development.  Not so much from a hiring standpoint. But where there's always a shortage of cleared computer science majors, you're with access in the Intel world, that's always going to be a challenge. But you should not -- you listened about the great resignations or they can't hire the people. We've been very, very successful in attracting and hiring. And now our emphasis is on retention.
Christopher Cage: Well, Colin, over a multiyear time horizon things can go wrong and we've been talking about some of them here that Roger just feature of retention. So it's not a hiring issue per se, it's certainly for making sure we can retain people to have the headcount, we need to achieve that level of growth. First of all, we put that multiyear guidance out in October. We knew when we put this year's guidance out that we were on the lower end of the range.  We're off to a good start. We're not updating this year's guidance at this point in time. But we just talked about things like DES and catalyst for future momentum. So then it becomes, can you execute? Can you get the people on the supply chain? So we're watching all those things very carefully. All indicators at this point in time are nothing would take us away from feeling like we can still achieve those longer-term objectives. So that's the trajectory we're on. But clearly something we focus on all the time as we go through and execute and deliver for our customers every day.
Christopher Cage: Yes. When we put together our CapEx plan for the year, all of our business have a variety of needs and there's a laundry list of items. Some of the bigger ones were in the airborne ISR business, and that's an area we've made some investments and generated excellent returns with IRRs. Certainly, mid to high teens, if not better. We certainly look at the risks of an investment, we look at our weighted average cost of capital, and we tried to generate returns, obviously, that exceed that.  And we are still putting money into -- as much as we're trying to overall strength and densify our facility footprint. There are certain areas, especially in the intel space, new classified facilities we're having to invest in some areas on the manufacturing side that we're investing. And so facilities will probably be our second biggest expense area and then it's just a variety of smaller initiatives across the company.
Christopher Cage: Loss re-compete. So you're talking about Mariana, our organic growth profile, and kind of dissecting that a little bit is what I think I heard from that question, we're certainly seeing some uplift and we look for what we call on-contract growth every year as we build our plan between inflationary pressures on cost reimbursable programs and just because there's capacity within contract budgets that we look for opportunities to continue to expand services to existing customers.  That's certainly an area that's contributing a couple of points of growth. At a minimum, we look for that and then obviously comes down to the New Star programs. We've talked, featured many of those. Engine will still be a growth story for us this year. Military Family Life Counseling continues to ramp up. We talked about aegis. So some of those new mega programs are probably the next thing I would point to, to give us confidence on this year's growth trajectory. And then Roger just talked about the pipeline is still rich and we're continuing to pursue multiple programs beyond that to fuel our growth. I'm not sure if that exactly hit on your question, but happy to expand as necessary.
Christopher Cage: Well, Mariana, we won't give you too much in the way of specifics as far as what we're looking at in the M&A arena, but I would tell you that a lot of properties continue to come to market. Roger talked last quarter about and followed up again this quarter, the mega properties, the larger ones are probably not something we have an immediate interest in unless we really saw a compelling case to accelerate our strategy. We're certainly seeing some companies out of the space arena come to market. That's interesting to follow. But we look at things that makes sense to us. We bet things, but we're going to be thoughtful about where we engage, and back to his prepared remarks, it really has to fit a strategy niche for us.
