Jim Reagan: Well, that that business, you know, we don't guide by division, Joe. But what I would say is that, the bulk of what you're seeing, and what we talked about is - its roughly, half of it is driven by reduction in product sales, where customers have deferred making orders or receipt of orders, and then roughly half of it is driven in lower services. And the reason for lower services is that with a lot of lanes closed, there's less machines that require surface, obviously, and customers are looking for ways to reduce their outlays on that, as a lot of this is funded by customer passenger fees, and that kind of thing.
Jim Reagan: Sure. Yeah. And if you want to think about the delta between kind of the midpoint of our prior guide, and where we ended up, it's roughly four things there equally spread, think of a quarter of it being lower volumes than we had previously forecasted, in the Medical Exam business, we thought the recovery would be a little bit bigger there is the indirect rate issue, the indirect cost issue that Roger just alluded to. Then there was about a quarter [ph] of it was COVID-19 impacts in the Civil group. And then the rest of it, about a quarter of it was just the delays in the program start-ups for NGEN, and some other contract wins.
Jim Reagan: The ramp in NGEN revenue for 2021, we expect it to be ramping up, it will be about 2 to 2.5 points of organic growth for the year. So you can think of that as being somewhere in the $250 million to $300 million range.
Jim Reagan: Well, Cai, this is a gym. There are a number of programs that are impacted. But I'll just review with you some of the examples where COVID will have some impact into what we would normally see in 2021. First, with our National Science Foundation customer, the volume of people in material that have gone down to the ice [ph] and that are coming back, that will be lower, there's a significant construction project that we would have been doing now that has been deferred to a later year, when COVID will largely have abated or be gone and not considered our risk of bringing COVID down to the Antarctic [ph]. Another example is I mean, obviously, we've talked about the impact on the SD&A business where while we've had a revenue impact there, we're working to consolidate operations, get our cost synergies and get the combined business to margins that are well above where the pro forma had been on the acquisition date. The other COVID impacts, we're still recovering and getting to the - what wouldn't be higher than normal volumes in the Medical Exam business. So that business has a lot of backlog to run off and that is included in our view of 2021. And then places where we're not seeing a lingering impact, a significant lingering impact is that, you know, in our Intelligence business, the customers there are largely, you know, not a 100%, but they're getting pretty close to it. And we're pleased with where we see the volume and margin outlook in that business going. So those are a few examples.
Jim Reagan: Yeah. Just one thing on the - I think you use the same term, we do internally here, Gavin. And that's the recurring, non-recurrings. We can't forecast what they are, you know, there is a VirnetX issue out there, that could come as a bluebird tailwind. We just don't know when it will come. It could be a year, it could be two years. And so that's not in our forecast. The other is customer advance payments. We're two consecutive years now ending the year with previously on forecast, a big customer it advance payment balances, and we can forecast how we're working those off. But you know, that could also represent some upside to operating cash flow when we look at it this time next year.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Joe. Of course, you know, we don't comment on deals that don't close and deals that may be in process or may not be. And what we have always said is, we want to be smart in the market. And we want to have dialogue with all of our competitors and potential partners. And so we have a great relationship with the leaders in all the companies in our market space, and we often have discussions. But on any particular deal or at any particular time, I have absolutely no comment. We like our size and scale. We've said that in the past. We are really excited about the scope, acquisitions that we have made in the last now two years. And you know, they've significantly added to our capability. But we have told you all and the street is that we believe we have a responsibility to look at everything and provide some insight into what's going on in the marketplace, to with our management team and our board. And so we will take a look at everything. But you should look at the deals that close.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Seth, let me start and talk about the programs and then Jim can touch on numbers if he would like. When we raised our guidance, we had Navy Next Gen, it was in the Court of Federal Claims. And we - Court of Federal Claims is a little bit unpredictable. Unlike the GAO process, which has a rigorous calendar and is kind of a 99-day thing. And it was our best estimate that the Court of Federal Claims would rule, frankly, before the Thanksgiving holiday. And at one time, we thought it would actually happen in the second week of November. That did not happen. We didn't get a ruling out of the Court of Federal Claims until December. So that delayed the start up of the Next Gen program, buy at least a month, maybe more. And then the other thing that happened with this third wave of COVID, which, you know, I think COVID is very difficult to predict. Our indirect costs went down even further, as we went back to mandatory telework. And we saw our overhead and G&A costs go down even further than we had anticipated, and because about half of our portfolio is a cost type contracts, when we see a reduction in cost, it pulls revenue down with it. And those were the two major drivers. Maybe I'll turn it over to Jim, if he wants to add some more color.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Well, you know, what you see us talking about during, you know, when we discussed our results a few minutes ago is the year-over-year declines relative to COVID.
Roger Krone: What we - when we talked about the number versus what we had previously forecast, obviously, that's going to be different. So you've got two components, one the year-over-year delta, but there's also the amount of business growth that we expected, that got impacted by COVID-19 as well.
Roger Krone: Yeah, and just to give you the programmatics, take about 3000 people, about half Leidos employees and we have a transition period, as you're doing these programs, we're in the transition period. So we really haven't started the employee ramp up, that will begin in earnest, really in the second half of the year. And we will be close to fully ramped by the end of the year, but there will still be significant growth in ‘22. So you might expect another two to three points of growth from NGEN in ‘22, as well.
Roger Krone: You know, what, obviously, we've been doing even within our Defense group is trying to adjust our portfolio. So we're strong in the areas that we see growing. And the 1901 Group is really moving to as a service platform. And we've seen, even in the $1.9 trillion, the Biden administration has set aside some dollars for IT. So we continue to see IT modernization is a great place to be. We see modernization of what we would call newer technology platforms, you know, hypersonics, unmanned vehicles, I mean, and that's really what is got us excited about the one - the deal that we announced today. But you know, we always have a mix, and we've got some programs, that where we support operations, we still have people deployed, although is less than 1% of the business. Our philosophy has always been to try to balance. And again, we stay away from the large marquee platforms in the three services. You know, think of that is, you know, tanks and trucks and airplanes, and big, big surface ships and undersea ships, we tend to be what we think are the smaller, more agile, more responsive capabilities that our customers have.
Roger Krone: Well, I mean, I think we're like everyone else. We're waiting for a NASA administrator to be announced. We're enthusiastic about comments that the administration has made about the space program and about technology. And the decision to keep the space council, which we think is a leading indicator. The space programs, both the military and NASA have always been a source of innovation. And needless to say, I think all of us were glued to the television over the last couple of days, and watch the perseverance rover land on Mars, and the excitement that it brought the country. So we're still very enthusiastic about our position with NASA, which is in Dynetics, but I would remind everyone on the call is that we have a significant NASA presence that existed before Dynetics. A lot of people don't know, we've always made the food that goes into space out of the National Food Lab at Johnson Space Center. Specifically about the Lander program, which is I think, where you'd like me to focus, we are at the end of what we call the base phase contract, where we have done a preliminary design on our Lander configuration. We have received a two-month extension from the customer, as they will [ph] about their competitive evaluation of the three bidders. And then we expect that they will make an award relatively on time, either in March or April, and that they will move forward with a Lander development program, consistent with the budget that NASA has remaining in 2021, and then whatever the Biden administration does for 2022.
Roger Krone: Yeah. It's a great question. We definitely see the growth being more backend loaded. As we see some of these recent contract wins. And the resolution of the protests, give us the opportunity to begin ramping, you know, now in the first quarter, but it really isn't until Q3 and Q4, you're going to see the real impact of that.
Roger Krone: Well, Cai, of course, we don't do that. So we really - they will both be in the Defense segment. Again, we just don't - we don't disclose revenue and EBITDA on our deals and I'll come back to the strategic nature. And you know, 1901 clearly fits with our digital transformation business, which is very significant for us, and accelerates our ability to offer services on an as a service basis, which we believe is a growing trend in the industry. Gibbs & Cox, is an exciting opportunity for us. We've learned a lot about autonomy and the Navy business and in our MUSV program, I think we had a very, very competitive bid, but we didn't win. And as good as we were about the mission equipment on the autonomy, I think there were things that we learned in naval architecture and ship design. And in the discussions with Gibbs & Cox, we're very excited about how Gibbs & Cox brings their capability around the design of the ship and the ship systems. And we bring, if you will, the mission equipment. And we're really excited about how that will fuel growth for our Maritime business going forward. And Cai, we’ll talk a lot more about Gibbs & Cox after closing. We're in that rather sensitive period between signing and closing, where we're starting to file all of our regulatory filings. And so we're going to let that get behind us. And then we'll reach out to you all and talk a little bit more about Gibbs & Cox, and its history and where we see that going.
Roger Krone: Yeah, Cai, I would just reiterate. We think we've taken a very thoughtful view of COVID in our guidance for 2021. And we've all learned a lot about this pandemic and how it affects the economy. And we've really, I think, taken a very informed view of how it affects our business and our programs. And they're, you know, we could go through really 20 or 30 programs or disability business, and their ins and outs. There are some tailwinds because of some things that pushed from last year to this year, that we're excited about. And then clearly transportation, air travel is down and businesses associated with that will be down until the volumes come back. I mean, it's just part of the reality. That being said, border and ports, know that business seems to be going quite well. And so it is a mixed bag, and you should just take comfort is that we have gone literally program-by-program through our portfolio, and taken a thoughtful view of the COVID impact for 2021 in our guidance.
Roger Krone: Sure. Yeah, you know, Peter, the first thing that I would say is that, in our view the margins there are sustainable. And while the Health business didn't have what we normally see in growth there, we continue to think of Health as being a place with above average growth potential. And that's evidenced by our ability to win the two large programs, one of which is under protest in the Health Group, it will get our growth track back to where you've seen it in the past. And then, in terms of what else we like, the margin performance historically in the Health Group has been because we're finding areas where we can apply our differentiated solution and our approach to solving customer problems with customers who are willing to pay us for the value that we bring, and again, bringing margins that are higher than the average for the overall company.
Roger Krone: Yeah, you know, this year coming, this ‘21 year is going to have a lot less in terms of re-competes compared to the prior - to 2020. If you think of that, we do have a large re-compete with one of our intelligence customers. We only have one that is - has a contract value of over a $1 billion. And the second largest one is an Army Corps of Engineers. It's called HR3D, that contract is a little over $0.5 billion. And then we have a number of re-competes that are kind of in the $0.5 billion range. But you know, definitely 2020 was a year of re-competes, but not so much in 2021. But with that said, we have a record pipeline. We still have a record amount of bids that are awaiting decision by our customers and we feel that 2021 is going to be yet another year of significant increase to our backlog.
