Roger Krone: Hey, good morning, Cai. This is Roger. I'll talk a little bit about U.K., and then I'll challenge Mark to not answer the question, but -- so we're in negotiations with the U.K., and literally, as we speak we're at table over. And until we definitize, and we have -- if you will, we get clearance from the customer, there's really not much that we can say. And there has been a fair amount of press about the size of the contract. It is large. So you have to think when we sign it will be in the billions, not in the hundreds of millions. But we're just not at a point where, for that discrete contract we're willing to talk about what's in there. You're familiar I think with how we all do our planning, which is we take a probability weight of pool of contracts, and we try to estimate with some degree of accuracy what the probability of any one of those occurring, and then we'll put them into a basked, and we add them up; and some perform better and some perform less. So what we tried to do with LCST is to put our guidance together based upon the broad range of outcomes that could come out of negotiation, so that we had enough breadth in the guidance that we could support it whether we sign LCST early, and we get started early, or if it's in prolonged negotiations and takes a while longer, that our guidance would still be solid. So let me look at Mark on LCST, and then I'll come back and bring you up to speed on DHMSM.
Roger Krone: Okay. On DHMSM, and for everybody else on the call, that's the re-compete of the DHA electronic healthcare records system, Defense Health Management Systems Modernization, I think is what it stands for. So we have submitted. We've been found to be in the acceptable range. So we've been down-selected, and we believe that there are three, but we can't confirm that; three companies that are still involved. We have gone through a series of face to face meetings with the customers, not exactly orals in the traditional ways, but we had submitted questions, they have submitted questions to us. And so this was a chance to expedite the process and get to an understanding of just a whole host of issues. It's a really broad reaching program, and they range from cyber to fielding, and compatibility, and the ability to be interoperable. So we've had I think three or four of those face to face meetings. I think there's one more scheduled, and then there is expected to be a call for something called an IPR, which will be another roll-up of the proposal, and the cost proposal. And so we'll take into account the input we got from the customer to update our proposal. And then there might be a short face to face session after IPR, which we expect will lead to either a final price revision or best and final offer, which could be, given the end of March. And that could be something we submit, maybe mid-May. Again, we're all speculating there. And then it probably would take another 45 to 90 days to evaluate. So that means an award in the latter part of the summer. And then after the award, it's anyone's speculation where it goes from there. It's an important contract to our customer, an important contract to the companies that are bidding. And we are intensely aware of the tendency of companies to protest. So if that happens you'd add another 99 days on the back of the award. And that gets you almost to the end of the year. So from our standpoint, we like where we are, we had great conversations with the customers, but we're not looking for an impact to our financials in calendar year '15, from DHMSM.
Roger Krone: Yes, and I'll just add then a little bit of my color. So, this -- I'm sure everybody recalls, I came in, in July, and we addressed an impairment, and we lowered guidance shortly after I arrived. And I think I'm acutely aware that in that year we had touched guidance prior to my arriving. And so, I've benefited now by going through our annual planning process and participating in the building of what we call "Our annual operating plan." So that gives me high confidence in the numbers that we generated, which we used to measure our performance for what we're now calling calendar year '15, which is by the way I think what the rest of the world calls the year that we're in. And so as we created guidance, my goal is to accurately and appropriately reflect where the management team thinks that we will end the year, and then gave it enough bandwidth that we can pretty much keep our guidance where it is for the year with an eye to some foreseeable things that might be on the upside and the downside. So we wanted to have high confidence in our guidance, and to give you numbers that at least where we stand today, we think can stand up for the year, given in the last fiscal year. I think we touched guidance either twice or three times. So I prefer to give you a little broader band, and then allow the guidance to stand for the year, and that's really where we really positioned ourselves.
Roger Krone: I just want to -- if you will, further emphasize that we are continuing our cost reduction program and continuing takeout and leaning of the organization. But for us, given where we've been w book-to-bill, and our first priority is to invest in the business and to reestablish growth, and although we have seen people in the sector take all of their cost savings and drop it to the bottom line is this management team has made a commitment to increase our investment in both internal research and development in bidding proposal. And so, we don't see the margin move that you might expect given what we talked about relative to cost reductions, and that's because as you see in our book-to-bill we've got to fill the pipeline and we've got to lean move forward on winning new business.
Roger Krone: This is Roger. Although Mark is involved in the process, let me answer that question; so, we have met with a first round of external candidates. There are a couple of internal candidates as well. We have sort of done, if you will, very short interviews with about half a dozen people. We are going to circle the wagons as a team and considering the internal candidates as well, probably shorten that list and then starting maybe as early as next week, bringing back a couple of the preferred candidates, and then including our internal candidates. And then make some decisions going forward about where we want to be. So we're not going to put a specific date when we'll have a replacement -- although you can't replace Mark Sopp to have someone to follow Mark Sopp, but we are pleased with the process, and frankly unpleased with the strong interest that we've had by many, many people in coming to Leidos and helping us grow the company.
Roger Krone: And Jon, I'm sure you understand this. So it's a contract, it's under -- it's not been definitized. When we definitize it, we are likely to get the payment back. So think of it as it's a swing. So we are $40 million last year that was high, and then it comes out of this year. So that's an $80 million swing from year-to-year, which I think helps explains why we were over last year although -- we are always thrilled to have money in the bank, but we just assume to get this contract definitized, and move forward with that particular customer.
Roger Krone: Okay. Let's see how I can do that question justice. So, by the way, I would say on the competitive side I don't see much new. I mean it is depending upon which line of business; whether you're in SRG or ISG or GSG, at the big end we see the big platform players, we tend to compete with the big five primes for some of the work that we do. In the National Security space or in the Intel space kind of in the middle, it's sort of everybody from bigs to little. And then in the services space, it's some other large companies, but more people in the mid tiers. I would also characterize I don't see a lot of new entrants. You don't see people getting into the National Security business. And relative to competitive, I mean we still see the effects of lowest technically acceptable, and we still see cost as a major differentiator. But I can't sit here and tell you that our biggest problem is always cost, it's making sure that we are close to the customer, we understand your requirements, we have a disciplined process as we go through the acquisition cycle from your requirements, identification to draft RFPs, RFPs proposals, and negotiations. And part of it, and I said this is in prior calls, is we just to get everybody back focused externally and close to the customer. We went through the processes of splitting the company, and that by its nature drives people to think about what's going on inside the company. And I think we have already made significant progress in getting our Presidents and our Ops Managers and our Business Development team to start thinking externally and start thinking about growth and where our customer is going. Unfortunately, and I've said this in prior calls, the time constant in that government National Security business runs 12 to 18 months. So we could fix everything instantly. Last quarter when Mike Leiter arrived, and we wouldn't see the result for 12 to 18 months. So it's going to take some time although LCST is going to probably make our numbers look pretty good for calendar year '15. We know that that is a single event, and we want to get our number of things that we bid and our win rate back where they have been historically for the company.
Roger Krone: Ed, we heard at the beginning, "Share our crystal ball," and then we heard the last sentence, which was, "Share our crystal ball [technical difficulty]…
Roger Krone: Bill, you are so kind; and we apologize for dropping the link. We're actually been talking to you on a cell phone, so -- by the way, my crystal ball is probably about as good as anybody's on the Beltway. And I'll tell you my personal view is I'm more optimistic than most that I find in Washington that with the House and the Senate in the same party, and frankly with Ash Carter being a steady hand in charge of the department, that we will see if you add the base budget and OCO, and couple of the other related defense budgets, we think we will see an increase. But I think the way the game will be played as we view sequestration is they will take a sequestration down there in the base budget, and then they will use the OCO account to frankly do the right thing, which is to spend the money where the money needs to be spent, which by the way we are in areas that we're very excited about C4SR and cyber, supporting troops in the AOR and what have you. And then, we get this budget done, and then we're off into the presidential politics of what will happen the year after and there will probably a lot of rhetoric. But again as I said before, in both years we are hoping that we will actually see an approach bill and authorizations bill and that Congress will want to get something passed or they send something over to the White House. So they can get a home and start to do the early campaign. So we're relatively optimistic about what's going to happen. We will see it in the OCO account. I think they are going to expand the definition of OCO a little bit. All that being said, we are talking about a budget, and Mark made a comment in his statements about outlays, and let's remember that from budget to outlays could be a year and a half, could be longer as it works its ways through the PBBS system. So I think its good news on the horizon. It will take a while for it to filter through, relative to top line growth for us. Thank you. You got a question of your own, I'm sure.
Roger Krone: Yes, well, of course we won't guide below the sector level, but I'll just give you some qualitative thoughts. It is down from where it was when I arrived. I'd tell you, I think the business is stable, there's actually some very, very, nice pieces in our commercial health business that point to the strength of our offering, certainly doing implementation of EHR/EMRs and to do Go-Live. So we're pleased with that. What my job really is to find the follow-on leader for that business and to grow, not just our EMR/EHR implementation business, but to roll some of Lou Von Thaer's cyber offerings into our commercial health business, and then to go and grow beyond simple implementation, and do optimization, integration, and interoperability as our commercial providers deal with what now looks to be like a pretty near-term ICD-10 conversion, and then the folks who are still dealing with Meaningful Use-2. The learning for me was, compared to what we have in the National Security side, the commercial health business is a much shorter cycle, and so if we take our eye off the ball, the revenue goes down faster than it does in National Security. But the good news is as we rebuild our relationships with the major providers and reinvigorates their sales force and our consultants, the business can also come back faster. And I think we're being very balanced in how commercial health rolls into overall trends, but I'm still very enthusiastic about the business. I think healthcare is a great place for us to be as a company, and it does leverage our core capabilities. And actually I'd be more optimistic than parts of my team about the year that we'll have in commercial health.
Roger Krone: Yes. By its nature, it's a profitable business because of the way our sales model works. We put a consultant in and then we've got earnings on top of the consultant. So it's not like a product business where you have the cost of the product and what you could sell it for. We actually go in and we get compensated for the consultant that we put in, and then we add our fee to that, so it's always profitable. But as we build our plan, we expect commercial health in the plan and the guidance to decline in the year. I'm challenging the team to do better than that, but as we built our guidance and our mix, we have commercial health continuing to decline, and as we all remember that is the situation we found ourselves with back in the summer when we impaired the acquisition of Vitalize and maxIT.
Mark Sopp: All I'll add to that, Cai, is that we said in our prepared remarks that we do expect a modest impact to revenues and earnings, but not significant, and we do have a plan to achieve our guidance without LCST. I did quantify that we expect an outflow of up to $30 million, or working capital outflows related to the LCST ramp up. And that was important to do because we are explaining a decrease in operating cash flows year-over-year that's pretty significant, and that's a meaningful portion. So we wanted to clarify that. But otherwise, we're sticking to modest for the earnings and revenue impacts at this point.
Mark Sopp: Sure. The $30 million for LCST is primarily funds expected to be tied up in receivables, to some degree inventory, but mostly receivables due to a projected ramp up in the second half of the year, and toward the end of the second half particularly. With respect to the other elements of the $200 million cash flow, I will say that we finished the year very strong in DSOs for fiscal '15 at 70 days, better than we expected. We generally expect that to be stable over the course of the year, so no further improvement on that front. So that's a headwind relative to fiscal '15 reported results. A second, as I've said earlier, we had benefited from advanced payments on the order of $40 million plus. Over the course of fiscal '15, we need to be prepared to either work that off or pay that off in calendar '15. And our guidance reflects a full effect of that. And then one thing I didn't mention in particular is because of the dual nature of counting January 2015 as a month twice, both for fiscal '15, and again for calendar '15. We actually have an extra tax payment in the calendar '15 year, which is about a $25 million impact. So when you add all those up, you've got cash earnings of ballpark $275 million for calendar '15, you've got LCST negative 30, you've got cash taxes of 25, and that accounts for some of your deterioration against cash earnings down to the guided level of 200 plus.
Mark Sopp: I'll start, and ask Roger to finish up, but I will say our confidence is strong coming into the year from a revenue coverage perspective. As it pertains to opening backlog, our coverage is about 70% to 75% of our midpoint, and our range is covered in opening backlog. And while the funded was down year-over-year, it is well north of six months of forward revenue coverage, which is generally a healthy metric. So this is why we of course have confidence in the revenue range we've provided.
Mark Sopp: I think what I would say is we finished on a non-GAAP basis. Fiscal '15, the year we just reported in the low 7% range, and generally, we expect that to be flat in the forward year calendar '15 with two main elements. We expect improved profitability from the Health and Engineering Sector in large part from the absence of Plainfield for the full year as I articulated earlier, and also a bump up in volume and security products that helps HES year-over-year on an apples-to–apples basis. And on the other side, we see volume decline and a slight margin decline in our larger National Security Solutions business due to projection, lower fee rates in some areas, and also some increased investment in business development in IR&D [ph]. So, those two are largely offsets year-over-year; therefore, a flat margin story year-over-year.
Mark Sopp: On the tax question, I would say that the benefits that I referred to will be lumpy and largely pertaining to future capital gain transactions. And so I would not point to that as a ongoing, recurring, and stable benefit in our operating cash flows going forward. And I would say our normative rate going forward is nominally 37%-38%. I mentioned 35% for calendar '15, and one of the reasons for that is that we had benefits in the fourth quarter of fiscal '15 just reported and in January as a month in particular. And so the fourth -- I'm sorry, the first quarter of calendar '15 will actually show an effective rate of probably sub-30% from the January 2015 effect and then we'll normalize out to 37%-38% thereafter. So that's something worth mentioning. In terms of overall cash conversion, I would say that once you did make your own view in terms of our cash earnings or our net income, and you add back your depreciation, amortization and stock comp which is 95 to 100 million per year at the current pace, that's a fair model for operating cash flows going forward. And you have to adjust for working capital changes as we guide you. Finally on CapEx, we just finished the year at $30 million, which is well under 1% of revenues, and I don't expect a major change to that statistic going forward.
