Walt Havenstein: Thank you, Mark. I would like to take a moment to acknowledge three milestones SAIC reached over the past several months. Barron’s recently rated SAIC number three among the 500 largest publicly traded companies in the United States and Canada based on three equally weighted measures of growth, median three year cash flow return on investment, change in the latest year’s CFROI relative to the three-year median, and sales growth adjusted for divestitures. SAIC received Barron’s top rating on all the three criteria. Fortune recently named SAIC to its list of world’s most admired companies, ranking SAIC number three in the information technology services industry among all Fortune 1000 and Global 500 companies. And Washington Technology recently ranked SAIC number five among its Top 100 federal government contractors based on prime contract sales during fiscal 2009. SAIC advanced two positions in the rankings this year. In closing, we delivered results in line with expectations and saw a nice improvement in bookings in our first quarter. We have a team of highly motivated and dedicated colleagues and leadership team committed to deliver on our objectives. I remain very enthusiastic about our Company and I am fully confident that we will continue to deliver strong performance and value to our shareholders in FY11 and beyond.
Walt Havenstein: Well, Bill, I think it’s pretty difficult to give you a percentage at this point because I think as I’ve said before my expectation is that these rules and more importantly the policy that generates these rules will have different interpretations throughout the government and specifically different agencies within the Department of Defense. And I suggest that that’s about an 18 to 24 month process before all of those are well understood. Having said that, there have been several agencies who have already stated their position and we’ve adjusted what I refer to as navigated successfully as they make those declarations. And if you remember, we saw a declaration like that back in the fall with respect to one of our three-letter customers and we had to make a choice as to which side of the fence we were going to sit in or stand on.  In that case we decided to stand on the implementation side as opposed to the government field [ph] side. And so – we – I suspect you’ll see some of that from some of the agencies being that precise and then from some of the agencies I think they will – because I think most allow them to be fairly flexible. They will take a different view. And so right now as we look at it, just like we did last fall, we see opportunities where we think we can navigate. It may be though, it may be though that one or two of our customers or maybe several of our customers take a position that will force us to take explicit action around that position. And so – but right now I think the – our posture is to be able to act agilely deal with each one of those customers as they state their position.
Walt Havenstein: Not explicitly in this quarter, but I – but I think you got to keep something in mind. We deal with OCI every single day and we are making bid notice, bid decisions throughout the year based upon our interpretation and our communication with our customer around the OCI. So they are probably and I am just going to estimate based on my experience here at SAIC, there probably been a couple of hundred of opportunities where we have decided not to bid because of potential OCI implications. And I think that is frankly one of the strengths of this Company in that the contracts community and the business develop community stay closely linked so that when we see potential OCIs that we adjudicate them, resolve them within the Company and make the appropriate decision (inaudible) those opportunities. So, we are making those decisions every single day.
Walt Havenstein: Well, the emphasis on those five key areas is in essence the strategic roadmap for the Company. That’s not to say we aren’t constantly looking at opportunities within those areas and any inflections that we see in the marketplace that will cause us to move. But I think it is – the real value creation aspect of our strategy is to drive horizontal integration of capabilities to address bigger opportunities and larger market share. And it is as simple as that. But the characteristic of SAIC of having many, many, many discriminating capabilities and the ability as we are driving to integrate those capabilities to offer solutions that are distinctive, I think is really at the heart of our strategy. The – historically, we have grown small pieces at the time, and it is only been over the last few years that we have really taken on very, very large opportunities and been successful where we’ve been able to leverage capabilities, various capabilities across the Company. That – it has got to become not the exception, but the rule, and that is a fundamental element of our strategy when you look at those five specific growth areas.
Walt Havenstein: While we continue to bid larger efforts. Because we are taking more challenging positions and more challenging and dealing with more challenging opportunities, for it to stay at that level will be extremely gratifying.
Walt Havenstein: It is in fact part of the new reality. It will be – that new reality will continue to evolve. I expect there to continue to be pressure on margins. We have seen in instances especially in some of our recompetes where there are some pretty challenging margins that we are having to deal with. So, that does add to the pressure for overall margin expansion but we have taken that into consideration as we put our plans to together. So, the answer is, yes, it’s a new reality. I don’t think for a second, we probably won't see a more new reality again next year. But, you know, we are dealing with it as we see necessary. And for the most part, we are maintaining our fee positions.
Walt Havenstein: I will let Mark talk about the growth as we see it in there, but on the – I don’t see anything specific on the legislative front that would cause that markets to change.
Walt Havenstein: Right. And I would just add a comment for what Mark had said earlier. And that is we still have a very, very healthy balance sheet. We still have a lot of capacity if we decide to make a significant acquisition as a result of the opportunities that come form IR from any other condition in the marketplace. And that healthy capacity that (inaudible) capacity is keeping with an investment grade rating. So I am – you know I think we have an awful lot of flexibility here and yet at the same time when something is not immediately in front of us doing the right thing with respect to our cash.Joseph Vafi – Jefferies & Company: Alright. Thank very much guys.
Walt Havenstein: Joe, the answer is no. But I would say this. I am very confident in our strategic position; we’ll just put it that way. I can't – we – as you know there are some appropriate restrictions about what we can and cannot say about certain contracts.
Walt Havenstein: I think for SAIC today that is a decision we’ll make customer-by-customer, and when I say customer-by-customer I really mean major customer by major customer, because it tends to be – the behavior tends to be based on a acquisition command or a service position as opposed to an individual contract although we are seeing individual contracts reflect varying degrees of OCI mitigation or avoidance.
Walt Havenstein: Well, we have – let me answer it this way – we have a fairly good sense of where we sit on either side of that at the enterprise level, but I think it’s – I think it’s probably inappropriate for me to comment on what that looks like because until we look at – till you understand the what I will call the C state, you may not know what makes the best value sense for the enterprise in terms of whether you navigate or you simply steam out of those troubled waters. And so I am not going to even suggest to you what we might be considering in terms of portfolio shaping.
Walt Havenstein: And I got to tell you this has had a tremendous amount of pull across the enterprise through our customer-facing organization. It – by the way, it is probably the most demonstrable horizontal capability, but it is by far not the only horizontal capability that’s driving the market.
Walt Havenstein: Jeremy, we don’t have a specific target. We do have a desire to use our excess cash, but the M&A will determine that very significantly, and as you know you can't predict what’s going to happen with M&A all the time. So, the short answer is we are not going to box ourselves into a specific number, but we certainly – when we don’t have immediate opportunities on the M&A front, we do intend to deploy excess cash for obvious reasons.Jeremy Devaney – BB&T Capital Markets: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Walt Havenstein: I don’t think so. The reality is I think we see some of – we just see a longer trend and in any given procurement you got to keep in mind, any given procurement can have its own anomalies and all we got to do is look at the tanker (inaudible) how do you put that into your forecast, right.Erik Olbeter – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Sopp: Hi, Ed, it’s Mark Sopp. We will continue to evaluate the opportunities that present themselves with deploying our capital. We’ve been consistent with that message and while we don’t have a lot of excess cash exiting this quarter, we expect to generate free cash flows in amounts that you well understand, which present the opportunity for future repurchases if conditions warrant. And that will be based on the same criteria that we have used heretofore, which involves our view of capital needed for M&A and our view of our intrinsic value, and where our stock is trading. So we like to have flexibility as we look at those attributes going into each quarter, and we place bets accordingly based on those opportunities, so really no major change in philosophy at this time.
Mark Sopp: And on the growth rate, Jason, we certainly have the opportunity to post double digits as we’ve done, but we may fall short of that looks to me we’ve got some outstanding opportunities where we are trying to get. I am comfortable it will be above five, but we also are seeing continued improved margins in that area, which we are really delighted to see from strong leadership there. And we have our revenues grow up equally weighted across the year. This year in this space there has been some volatility there on previous years. So we expect to be fairly even this year in case you are interested in that as well.
Mark Sopp: Sure. Sure. As you would expect us to do, Joe, we will be studying those opportunities very diligently and if we develop a view that something has to be done there, we’ll need the capital to get something done. So, that will inform us based on our investigation of those opportunities as we always do each quarter. And we may change our tactical approach to repurchases for that reason. But that’s not different than any other quarter as we evaluate the M&A opportunities right in front of us.
Mark Sopp: I’ll just say, Tim, that the revenue expectation is less than $100 million for this enterprise. So we are getting started with it, if you will, but we are focused on great opportunities ahead.
