Roger A. Krone: Cai, by the way, thanks for the comment. That's what we're seeing and that's what we're thinking, okay? Now, where we sit today, we've got appropriations bills, but we're still facing an omnibus decision on the 23rd of March. Our assumption going forward is that we will get the specific budgets cleared up in the omnibus that will get passed on the 23rd. That will free up for the remainder of the fiscal year the acquisition and procurement process in both Defense and Civil, and we'll see a lot of programs, frankly, quite a few new starts, that have sort of been hung up in the continuous CR cycle brakeless (30:20).
Roger A. Krone: We know – Cai, I appreciate the question and you kind of know the answer. We don't guide on it quarter-by-quarter. And let me just simply say and why I included those comments, we are pleased with what we have seen since the first of the year. We cleaned up a protest or two, which happened in 2017, frankly, in our favor and we've seen some nice awards already in January. And that's really as specific as I can be.
Roger A. Krone: And Noah, of course, that headwind is completely aligned with the rate of cost savings. Because we got off the TSA agreement in October because of the great work that our CAO and Jim and his team has done on our supplier management system and our accounting system, some of those cost reduction synergy benefits did occur in the second half of 2017 as we have talked about in our call.
Roger A. Krone: There was a little bit. I think that when we think about – I mean, overall, I think we felt pretty good about the Q4 bookings number compared to a typical Q4. We would have expected a little bit less, but we were able to pull some things in, actually, in the last month of the quarter. So we felt pretty good about that. The other thing that's probably notable relative to bookings, one thing that was a bit of a headwind for us in the full year number is that the amount of backlog that we had to adjust because of the change in rates. Because customers were going to take the savings that we were offering them on contracts in place, it required us to take that adjustment against the gross bookings number for the year. And when we look at the gross bookings number, new contract awards, we feel pretty good about that and it gives us some good momentum going into 2018.
Roger A. Krone: Okay. Good. A couple of great questions, and as we have tried to say in the past few calls, those things are completely intertwined, right? And you all often ask, from an investment standpoint, which would we prefer? And I think our answer has consistently been, as it was on Investor Day, is that we want to operate that business in double-digit margins and we were fortunate that we achieved that, frankly, earlier than we had predicted in August of 2016. And I think we had been actually pretty clear that once we got there, that we would try to maintain that margin rate, plus or minus quarter to quarter, but we would take funds and use it to invest in growth. And quarter-by-quarter, we'll be a little high, a little low. We want to continue, as I think I said in my prepared comments, in that low-double digit, but we want to invest in technology new business funds, capital where it's appropriate and it fuels our competitiveness in programs going forward. Coming back to sort of the budget and the tailwind that we see, our early read of the appropriations bill and what we've seen already in the 2019, if you will, skinny budgets that are out and being analyzed is, there is a nice balance between capital acquisition of our customers and improvement in solutions and services. So, on one hand, we have a customer who needs to buy platforms, ships and tanks, and airplanes, but they also have mission-capable rates and readiness and soldier welfare, for instance, that have also become important, and we actually think we benefit from both, but we're very pleased that we see additional money for the VA, for instance, which we think will allow them to move forward more aggressively on their updating of their VistA electronic healthcare records program, a program we hope to participate in with our partners. And so there's just a lot of good things for us in the way the BBA – the Bipartisan Budget Act actually came out. One last point I'll make not to get too long of an answer, but many people expected to see the increase in defense spending, but because of how the bill was actually constructed, they had to raise the budget caps on civil, government as well as defense. And so where it appeared maybe a quarter ago, it was going to be a trade between the defense part of the business and the civil part of our business, and as you all know, we're relatively balanced in our exposure to both markets. We now sit here today realizing we're going to get a top line increase on the defense side. But what maybe wasn't completely understood is because we wanted to get the sequester caps raised, that the civil side of government gets a proportionally increase in their top line as well. That's really going to help a lot of our civil agencies, FAA and organizations like that for which we have a significant business.
Roger A. Krone: Yeah. Let's see, Rob. Not surprised, right. I think we have been pretty transparent all along that we expected further consolidation in the industry. We have always said – you say there are two of us our size, and I think we have tried to indicate – depending upon how you define the industry, there are already big players. There's AECOM and IBM and DXC. And so there's – depending upon where we're bidding, we see big companies and small companies. Our deal thesis as we put forward was there are benefits to being bigger, the investments you can make, the strength of your balance sheet, and what we view the latest consolidations is other people must believe that as well. And as I think we've said on prior calls, Rob, we don't think it's over, right. I think there's opportunity for more consolidation because of the value capture, the synergies we're able to create when you put two smaller entities together. Not to be said there won't be some very strong players who are, if you will, more nichey, who decide that being at $5 billion, for instance, is where they want to be and then that's fine with them. We look at the market differently. We made a different choice.
James C. Reagan: Hi. Good morning. This is Jim. Thanks for the question. The way we have defined revenue synergies in the past, and I think that the way you might recall us talking about it at Investor Day, is things that would not have shown up in the pipeline or significantly improved win rates on things that we compare to kind of the steady-state case before the acquisition. The numbers that we previewed then, we have actually done better than what that plan was. And in fact, earlier in 2017, I think that we did talk about a couple of significant contract awards that we had received in the DOD space that were not in the bid pipeline from either business. So things started popping up a little bit earlier than we expected and we're pleased with where revenue synergies have gone so far.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. So we're not in the habit of disclosing what our win rates are, but we've analyzed this, as you might expect, in a whole number of different ways. And any way we've looked at it, we're very pleased with an improvement in the win rate compared to what it was at the time that we put the deal together. And that really we owe to two or three primary factors. First, the cost structure is significantly leaner than it was during the period leading up to closing the transaction. And then secondly, having some different business development processes – new business development processes and some new people involved, as you can imagine, it does take more than a couple of quarters for you to start to see the benefit of that. And now, we're seeing that in both the win rates that we're seeing as well as the size of the pipeline that we're executing against. And then, in terms of the revenue headwind, we talked about a $350 million cumulative annualized impact of cost synergies. And actually, the revenue headwind on an annual basis is a little bit over half of that $350 million.
James C. Reagan: The first question, Noah, the impact on that roughly 1/2 of $350 million, that actually had been felt throughout the year. We hadn't been talking about it primarily because when we stepped back and took a look at our analysis of the year-over-year for the full year, it was clearly something we couldn't ignore and we wanted to get it to you guys.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. And really, the headwind isn't DSO-focused as much it is that – with our view right now, the visibility we have in our revenue picture says that we're going to have year-over-year growth and sequential growth in the back end of the year. When you hold DSO constant, it does require you to put some of your cash into accounts receivable. And that's where that kind of headwind comes from.
James C. Reagan: That's a great question, but we really saw that in Q3 and Q4. So if you take a look at where cash flow has been in 2017, the back end was a little bit stronger than we have previously indicated and guided, and that came from the novation process playing out.
James C. Reagan: The increase – well, we had a pretty significant – I'm not sure which one you're talking about, but there was a pretty significant increase in the corporate numbers related to – we took an impairment charge on a note receivable. That was primarily because of the underlying collateral related to that has been impaired. So we needed to take that charge and that's related to some assets that we disposed of a couple of years ago.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. So our goal is always to continue to extract and get non-cash working capital off the balance sheet as a result of improving our billing processes, and today we've cut over to a single billing platform that we run the whole business on and it's one that our customers are very familiar with. I would say that we aspire to numbers that are significant improvements over even what we've guided to, but at this point, the number that we're guiding to is the one that we are confident as being pretty solid in terms of where DSO is going to the end of the year. The way I think that we look to be able to continue driving that better into the future is coming up and actually putting all of our major programs on singular billing processes that, as we look to how it was being done in the legacy IS&GS Business, they were really done program-by-program. They were all done differently. And we have, I think, a significant opportunity to both improve the speed at which we get bills out and therefore get them collected and also the cost at which we do those billing processes. So I think that the answer is I think that there is opportunity. It's just a question of when.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Just the only other thing I think is worth adding to that, Krishna, is that while many contracts are getting larger, there is an increasing tendency, and we talked about this before, toward moving away from the big, full and open contracts to IDIQ-type contracts that allow the procurement process to be on the government side and quite honestly, with the contractors, more efficient. And what that means for us is that we will participate in a big IDIQ or even a single award IDIQ and then we get task orders that we add to backlog as the task orders are received rather than putting a big contract value into backlog.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. So, Rob, we're kind of trying to avoid being in the business of guiding these kind of numbers to specific segments. I would tell you that it is broad based across all of our business segments. And there really isn't any single big contract award upon which that revenue guide sits. I think that we're confident that the number will be consistent with our guidance that's based on what our win rate trends have been and what's the size of the pipeline is against which we're executing, and the size of bids that are in evaluation with customers today.
James C. Reagan: Today, they're so fully integrated that we don't even analyze and think about there being a legacy Leidos win rate or a legacy Leidos book-to-bill and a legacy IS&GS book-to-bill. The systems are managed on one accounting system and one business development system, and we have stopped looking at the business that way. I do think that when – without looking at the numbers that way, I would say that the whole business is performing with the same kind of strength as opposed to thinking about it as legacy Leidos or legacy IS&GS.
James C. Reagan: Not with any kind of precision to be honest with you, Greg. What we can tell you, though, is that there are things that show up when Roger and I do a bid review that we can point to as saying, okay, well, this wouldn't have been something we could be executing on had it not been for either technical capabilities that we acquired in the deal or customer intimacy that we acquired in the deal. And we're confident that the numbers are consistent with – or better than the numbers we previewed you before.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Just to make sure that, for the benefit of clarity, the number we've previewed for 2018 does include a roughly $25 million cost relative to resolution of a matter on purchase price adjustment with Lockheed Martin and we took that to the P&L because it was outside of the one-year purchase accounting window. So, that's really 1/3 of the $75 million that you see there. There is a small amount of trailing costs that we're expecting in 2019 that is not related to systems or other integration things. It really has to do with consolidation of our real estate footprint, which is expected to end in 2019.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. Of the $50 million, they definitely are associated with producing not just the $350 million, but we've indicated that the run rate will go up to $400 million, and to close on that, we do have some remaining acquisition and synergy-related investments that we have to make. That's the $50 million that relates to closing up the systems migration, there's been a significant amount of cost in the first quarter on that, and then there's also some significant investment in severance and other similar costs.
James C. Reagan: Yeah. I mean when we think about the percentage of costs that we're expecting to incur relative to acquisition and integration costs, that's a fair estimate.
James C. Reagan: Our guidance assumes that the buyback at this point will take care of any kind of additional share issuances in connection with our employee benefit programs.
