Stuart Davis: Thank you, Shamika, and welcome, everyone. Here today with prepared remarks are Ken Dahlberg, our Chairman and CEO; Mark Sopp, our CFO; and our COO, Larry Prior, will join us in the Q&A portion.  During this call, we will make forward-looking statements to assist you in understanding the company and our expectations about its future financial and operating performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks that could cause actual events to differ materially and I refer you to our SEC filings for a discussion of these risks.  In addition, the statements made represent our views as of today. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. We may elect to update the forward-looking statements at some point in the future but we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.  With that, I will turn the call over to Ken. 
Stuart Davis: But we definitely had some upside from the fees but the larger driver for our operating margin enhancement was on the SG&A side. Mark talked about how it was running at 5.7% of revenue this quarter. 
Stuart Davis: Thank you, Shamika. On behalf of the whole team, we want to thank everybody on the call for their participation and their interest in the company and we hope to see you out on the road sometime in the near future. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Thanks, Mark. Before turning to your questions, let me address the items that are up for vote at our upcoming annual shareholders meeting later this month. In addition to the standard board election and accounting firm motions, we submitted a proposal to convert our class A preferred stock into common stock. The two classes have the same economic value but the preferred shares currently have 10-to-one voting rights over the common. We understand this is a tough vote for our preferred shareholders in that we are asking them to give up the extra voting rights but we believe that the proposal is in every shareholders’ best long-term interest. Our company strives to be a world-class company that observes corporate governance best practices, which we believe are correlated with higher long-term returns to stockholders.  In the past few years, we have implemented one-year terms for our directors, designated an independent lead director, and majority voting requirement for election of directors. These actions give our stockholders a stronger voice to hold us accountable. We now want to build on this foundation of good governance by giving all stockholders one vote per share, which will equally align voting rights with economic risk for all stockholders.  In addition, simplifying our capital structure will reduce the cost complexity and investor confusion, frankly, associated with our existing dual-class structure. I only ask that all of our shareholders carefully consider the proposal and make their voice heard by voting on this important proposal.  Shamika, we are now ready to take questions. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Most of our revenue for this year is already in the backlog so now it’s just performing to the contracts that we have. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: The answer is yes. I mean, we are seeing across-the-board not just our company but all companies are getting, whatever the right word is, bitten by selectively inducing contractor employees to move over.  Frankly, the main reason when we do exit interviews and talk to our people, it’s the economy and they care about security, long-term, and that seems to be the cause. It’s not because we are not competitive in wage rates and other benefits but with the uncertain economy, we see certain employees that would rather secure their long-term pay by joining the government.  Having said that, it’s still focusing more on the acquisition and policy side, which is not our gig. We are still in the strong mission support, so it’s affected us but not to the point where I’ve got high concerns.
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: No, I mean, I would -- we’ve said in times past that cost type contracts with weighted guidelines allow you to get to the 8% to 9%. The fixed price weighted guidelines allow you to get to the 12% to 15%, so there is a significant fee increase potential if you perform well and negotiate good contract fees. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: I think what we said last call is that we were pursuing and have actively won several key classified cyber security programs, new contracts for us, and that we were focused right now on the military. And over time, the initiative would eventually get to dot.gov and then over time it would eventually get to dot.commercial and we gave no expectations as to what the revenue profiles would be for that, only I think they’ll be huge. And I like our position and where we are in the current dot.mil space and we are continuing to actively pursue RFPs in that venue. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: We just recently have heard that this is becoming more of a hot button in congress, so we are cautiously optimistic that we can transition from the test demo phase to really exploiting multiple ports, but your guess is as good as mine until we see that in writing and it starts the procurement process. But I would say we are a little bit more optimistic about that today than we were last call. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: I would also just add that all of us recognize that the budget constraints will be tougher going forward. I just said that in my statement again. That’s why we are focusing on the higher growth sub-markets like cyber, like energy, like health. And I do expect over time a rebound on our commercial business as well. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Well, we put a heavy emphasis ever since I’ve been here on program execution and I just am really proud of our team. We do rigorous risk reviews, ops reviews, and I think the proof is the last seven or eight quarters of solid performance, so I actually welcome more fixed price business as long as we balance the risk versus reward.  As far as the logistics business, we finished the inventorying of the government’s old products. That was -- that caused us a lot of delay and a lot of uncertainty going forward. We really have got good algorithms to determine the needs and right now we are hitting all cylinders and that’s reflected in our results. We hope it continues. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: We seasonally grow our book-to-bill from the first quarter to a stronger second and then a stronger third and then seasonally, our Q4 is lower. In order to achieve a 3% to 5%, 6% to 9% organic growth rate, we do have to have a book-to-bill that’s north of one, 1.1 to 1.2. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Yeah, I think the real message is that the government at all would like to see more incentives around the fee structure without saying that they are going to lower it, just put more at-risk. So we probably have an opportunity to get to almost the same fee that we are currently getting but we would have to meet certain performance criterias that we haven’t had to to date. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Again, I think in the areas where we are mainly focused, which is in mission support intelligence, analysts, et cetera, I see that continuing to be strong for our company. I think it’s on the fringes where you get more into policy and the like that they be pulling back. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Oh, yes, as we had projected before and I think we mentioned on our last call. You know, our basic MRAP programs that are currently under contract and pretty much by the end of our first half and we are waiting for potentially a contract award on MRAP light to continue to sustain that. So year over year, we are down probably about $100 million. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: Oh, for sure. I mean, I pass up deals almost monthly because they are just in a rarified area and we just won’t overpay. But having said that, we see a renewed interest in many companies now considering selling, especially when they look at the outlook and it looks flat to moderately declining and in most cases, the companies we are looking at are quite a bit smaller than we, so they are too small and they need to make a move. So we -- I’m kind of excited. We are starting to see some honestly good properties at -- I’ll never say reasonable price, but good prices. 
Kenneth C. Dahlberg: The deadline for my departure can be no later than June of 2010, the annual meeting. And so the board is in the process of going through the CEO succession process. That’s about all I can say. 
Mark W. Sopp: Thanks for the question. Our visibility is very good for this business area. The pattern, as I said in my remarks, is very consistent with [last]. However, the business is growing roughly 10%, profitability is growing as well, and you know it’s already quite profitable, and so we are pleased with the plan we have this year. I would say there’s a little bit of delivery risk in the second half. We are counting on some inputs in order to get our outputs out the door, but we have managed those problems in the past and done quite well, so we have an optimistic view toward our outlook this year on the revenue and profit side for that business, and in addition a pretty good pipeline for the year after already in place. 
Mark W. Sopp: I don’t have a particular number of the contribution from the incremental fixed price going from 19% to 21%. It’s across a very wide contract base and [Polcam] is at its infancy and it is not a major contributor to improved operating margins, but the overall logistics business, back to my comments, is better than we had expected when we got into this business a couple of years ago. But I would lay a specific number on it. 
Mark W. Sopp: And SG&A absorption will continue to be a margin driver, although in the latter half of the year it will be more accentuated toward gross margin as we ship our security products business products deliveries. 
Mark W. Sopp: I’ll let the others chime in -- of course I am going to say that we are not in a position to provide financial estimates for fiscal ’09 but this company is resilient and creative and I am confident that we will build a good book of business over the course of this year but we are not in a position to place bets on fiscal ’11 and hopefully our expectations on FSC will come true and we’ll continue to have a strong position there and not have too much of an adverse effect. 
Mark W. Sopp: That’s possible. I am not trying to be too specific on one quarter, but overall for the rest of the year, a slowing growth due to the reasons mentioned. There are known reductions -- MRAP, FSC, et cetera -- that I’ve talked about, the commercial weakness that Ken talked about. There are overall uncertainties we’ve talked about. On the other hand, we had some upside too and we’ll call those as we see them. But on balance, we would say quarters two through four will be moderately less in internal growth than what we saw in the first quarter, and that’s it. 
Mark W. Sopp: We’re largely referring in that comment to new business bookings. We would have to honestly say that there could be some volatility once the new FDS contracts let and whatever those look like and however that compares to our existing backlog, so that -- that could create a small -- you know, the [inaudible] of some kind and it’s too early to predict what that would be. 
Mark W. Sopp: The revenue in the first quarter was in the $75 million range, and I think it’s too early to tell what the split outs would be in the restructured program to the second part of your question. 
Mark W. Sopp: Well, for fiscal ’10, we are projecting 250. The run-rate after that gets into fiscal ’11 and I would just rather wait until we see how this shakes out before we start guiding you there, Cai. 
Mark W. Sopp: Sure, Cai. James Morgan and the team have done just a phenomenal job in last year, for FY09, they achieved a run-rate of about $38 million in savings. They’ve got a plan to do about 30 this year -- you realize we are finishing cost point [delta] for all of the national security side of the business, which will be a great enabler for us in FY11. So the group presidents have taken it to heart and in these economic times, everybody is tuning up their overhead. We just were lucky enough to have good leadership and a process in place to get out of the gate well. 
Mark W. Sopp: First, Erik, the combined B&P and IR&D was up 13% year over year, so it’s not as high on the B&P front as the number you stated. But it was up consistent with our revenue growth rate, and in fact we are seeing risk, if you will, that B&P cost will grow faster than our revenue growth in light of the unbundling of procurements, if you will, to meet the lower thresholds. And so we are expecting to have as much as $20 million, $30 million more of B&P costs this year in aggregate than last year, and that would represent a growth rate above what we were expecting on the top line. 
Mark W. Sopp: First quarter you saw being 38.1 -- the actual rate was about 30 basis points higher than that due to rounding, so it wasn’t as good as it looks but -- and that was due to, you know, we started really compiling and preparing our tax return in the first quarter and we compare that to previous estimates and we make our true-ups during first quarter and second until we file it, so there are some adjustments and that’s the reason why it was slightly below in the first quarter. The bottom line is we still would say 39 is the notional rate, or normal rate but we have a chance at being in the 38 to 39 range when it’s all said and done to those -- due to those adjustments. 
Lawrence B. Prior III: As we talked about in the last call, our expectations were the supplemental to not be signed before the Memorial Day recess. We do expect it will be signed before the July 4th recess. They are actually making pretty good progress on the hill. You will see a couple of things happening where they are in conference and it looks like they will have a formal session tomorrow. Both the House and the Senate are looking to schedule a vote for Friday. Part of the drama is there’s more dollars added to it, so the President asked for an additional $2.2 billion over the last 24 hours, so now the dynamic range has increased to almost $99 billion, so it looks fairly positive. There’s a couple of outstanding issues that really don’t affect SAIC, so we think they will get resolution. Again, [as Ken said, this month] and it basically catalyzes a lot of O&M spending -- remember the supplemental spins out between now and the end of September. 
Lawrence B. Prior III: Right now it looks like it’s keeping with our historical trends, consistent with last year and with our historical pattern. We were all happy to see the book-to-bill of 1 this time and noticed the year-to-year increase in our backlog, which was very positive. As Ken highlighted, the initiative to just grow the number of $100 million opportunities that are submitted, as well as in the pipeline, is pretty dramatic and it’s done a great job at shifting the culture at SAIC to one SAIC to collaborate for those large jobs.  So right now we are fairly bullish but realizing a lot of uncertainty in this marketplace and the dynamic range between the quality of our pipeline and some of the unknowns in the market tends to lead to the conservatism of some of our forecasts. 
Lawrence B. Prior III: I could give you two numbers that might help -- if you think of the growth of our pipeline, it was at this time last year about $65 billion. It’s about $81 billion this time and there is another large number in track that we are following. A more granular number that Ken pointed to was just the number of $100 million opportunities. This time last year it was 138. Today it’s 161. So there’s a robust pipeline that all of our group presidents and teams are pursuing but we are all cautious given how much market uncertainty there is in the marketplace today. 
