Mark Sopp: It's Mark. Thanks for the question. We are seeing a slow but improving impact to the funded backlog situation. As we have said for some time, we see that funding comes in smaller increments even on larger programs. And so that not only impacted us just recently, but that's been a trend for some time. We're optimistic that this will turn around in the second quarter. And we don't think that, that alone will have a huge impact on the Q2 revenues by themselves. We have a pretty strong visibility into those already. And as I said, we do have some scheduled ramp-downs that represent some headwind, but also some ramp-ups that we believe are already sufficiently funded. So that's where we stand with Q2 at this time.
Mark Sopp: Qualitative, so we are ramping up on the Vanguard program that Deb [Alderson] and her team won earlier this year, so that's going along well. We have some classified programs in the ISR arena that Stu's [Shea] team brought in that are contributing. We have a pretty large renewable energy design-build program in Joe's [Craver] area that is well under way. And some of the existing programs, like the work here down in Huntsville for the Army that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, continues to perform well and grow. And security products will start to pick up pace here starting in the second quarter and more so in the second half.
Mark Sopp: For the downers, most significant being the BCTM program. That's significant on a full year basis. It's down 50% fiscal '11 to '12. That's well over $100 million. CityTime is a scheduled downer, and other ones that are pretty small, but those are the biggest single 2 drivers.
Mark Sopp: There do remain opportunities as we've disclosed. So we have an interest in a couple of cases that are under way, but we do not have an update in terms of how those are progressing or any specific timing. So we remain interested.
Mark Sopp: It's still the case in an overall sense, Ed, and we made those remarks in the context of a 3- to 5-year period back in our October Investor Day. And so we're still tracking towards that magnitude. The nearer term is not of that magnitude. The biggest single piece is the development and either a full or partial monetization of the McLean property, and that's beyond 2 years from now, I would say. But meanwhile, we have smaller properties that will trickle in and contribute toward that total between now and then.
Mark Sopp: I would say NASA was the most significant because that program was broken into 4 parts. We didn't win 1 of the 4 parts, and 1 remains outstanding. We did have some slowdown in some IT services across a range of fed civ providers. And as I said in my remarks, the products, security products that we call Civil Solutions that includes sales to the U.S. Military, to foreign governments and other customers, are down pretty considerably Q1-over-Q1. We do expect that to reverse course in the latter half of the year, as I mentioned.
Mark Sopp: The product sales in this area are of software nature in military applications, and those tend to be somewhat episodic. We would generally have meaningful amounts in a year, but the quarters somewhat jump around and we had a pretty good first quarter for those software sales. With respect to D&T and R&D, we do expect Stu and his team to ramp that up over the course of the year, and that could have an impact to his margins. I think the answer to that will largely depend on his revenue projection. So there's a lot of pipeline outstanding in bids. And if we perform well on the revenue front, it may not have an adverse effect to the margins. If there are ongoing delays or funding issues in that area, we probably will decide to continue that level of investment and that could have an adverse effect to the margins, but all within the plan we have for the year and the guidance we've given.
Mark Sopp: Complicated. There's a lot of different things going on in backlog with lots of contracts, Joe. Thanks for the comments on the segments, by the way. Clearly, we expect a meaningful chunk of the unfunded to convert to funded, accentuated by what I said with respect to the CR. It's also important to note that a good chunk of the growth in unfunded was from long-term recent wins. NASA is a 10-year program, Vanguard is a 10-year program. So there's big chunk of growth there that will stay there and not convert to funded in the short term because they're long programs. I'm not sure what else there is to add to that.
Mark Sopp: Well, I get worried when funded backlog drops to 3 or 4 months of forward revenue. And right now, it stands at 5 to 6. So that's still within, I think, a reasonably healthy zone, although we'd like to see it grow of course. But I wouldn't expect it to gyrate a whole lot above that given the piecemeal basis at which things are coming out now. So you should expect to see in any given quarter 5, 6, 7 months of forward revenue and staying within that band. And if it gets outside of that, I think we'll have to talk about that and provide more color.
Mark Sopp: Well, there are 2 elements now. So there used to be the VACIS product line solely, and now we have the Reveal product line in that category. And there's been stability in our VACIS margins, and those are healthy margins and the team has done a great job engineering it to that state. With Reveal, you've got a lot of amortization going on, and you have investment in IR&D, as I mentioned upfront, for the next generation products that we hope to sell internationally. And so when you look at the 2 combined, they are lower right now from those latter 2 elements, the amortization and some of the investment. And at its peak, I think the Reveal would be somewhat less than the VACIS line, but still very healthy. And so we expect to improve those over time as we get the volume up and get through the amortization. And obviously, we expect the R&D investments to pay off. So we're not worried about that. It's actually stable and just need some time for the Reveal margins to develop.
Mark Sopp: As I said, the amounts that hit a particular quarter can go up and down. It's not a huge number, Joe, in the grand scheme of things. This is, I believe, not a classified program, but it is proprietary software in the kind of video application arena proprietary to SAIC.
Mark Sopp: First, I would say you've got the 20 basis points from the real estate sales. So that's not sustainable at least in a given quarter. We did have strong award fee scores, which I think are possibly sustainable. We, in a given quarter, have fixed price write-ups and write-downs. They were perhaps a little bit more favorable this quarter than the average. So part of that, although not a huge part of that, is not sustainable. And the spending was up, but not dramatically up, on the business development and IR&D front and we do have intentions to increase that pace. So to some degree, depending again, as I said earlier, on the revenue production, that will mostly dictate where the margins fall out at the end of the year.
Mark Sopp: The bigger part of the ramp for Vanguard is in Q3, and so that's when we expect to kick in and have a pretty meaningful contribution to the organic growth. With respect to the product ramp, clearly, in Joe's segment, it will have a material impact on the organic growth rate and will contribute another number in front of me. But it will be an important contributor to, as in the product category in the larger sense, not just Joe's area, but CloudShield and CounterBomber in Stu's area. So all of those will contribute to the higher growth we expect in the second half.
Mark Sopp: I think your range is fair for the first year, but we hope and expect to be north of that in the full year ramp-up case. I'm not sure about the fiscal '13, might be fiscal '14, but we expect to be north of $100 million.
Mark Sopp: I'd go back to the comments we made in the October Investor Conference. We made great progress with our IT modernization, our shared services and our regionalized shared services, if you will, in our 3 groups and that's been a significant enabler to everything I talked about before. But we're not yet done, and what I said back in October remains that we see in the next few years a further cost infrastructure reduction in the neighborhood of $75 million to $100 million. Not all in one year, but it's a journey for the next couple, 2, 3 years. And we intend to reinvest that as we've done for the past couple of years, mostly in revenue-producing initiatives and also to remain competitive on the pricing side.
Mark Sopp: It's the overall Health business. So that's a business that's $400 million ballpark in size, and they do a lot of IT-based work, but also some science-based work and that figure was for that entire chunk.
Mark Sopp: The first program that went to small business was about $30 million of reduction per year. So that's gone. Outside of that, I think the rest is pretty steady state to the pieces that were re-competed, if you will, and the 2 that we brought in. So we see those steady, margins relatively steady. And again, you have to factor in the piece that went to small business about $30 million upfront, and then the final piece remains outstanding, I believe, yes.
Mark Sopp: It's actually a pretty big drop-off scheduled for the second quarter and, to a lesser extent, in the third but actually continuing in the fourth. And that's based on what we know today. There are some renegotiations to continue which could change that, but that's our current view. And it's down 50% from Q1 to Q2 and then maybe another 20% in the next quarter and so on.
Mark Sopp: I think that all I said was we don't expect to see as significant of growth that we've historically seen in the first quarter to the second, and I'll leave it at that. A little bit of growth hopefully, but nothing like we've seen in the past due to the scheduled ramp-downs. And then we see pretty high confidence pick up in the third quarter from some of the previous remarks like the Vanguard ramp-up and so forth.
Mark Sopp: Too hard to predict if they will pick up in the second quarter. Right now, we are awaiting decision on a few programs, some of which have been outstanding for a long time. And so if they're decided in the second quarter, there will be some time to get those going. The CloudShield revenues are expected in the second half consistent with my remarks on the product sales in general.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. Can you give some color where you think the funded might bounce to by next quarter? Because it's the lowest it's been in 3 years, or 3-plus years, and I know you had the CR situation. That was a major reason for, but I'm wondering if maybe you can help quantify that.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. Just changing subjects here, in the Health, Energy and Civil Solutions segment, just looking at the margins. This is a business that includes the scanners, and my understanding was that at least a couple of years ago, the margins were pretty darn high. And so I'm wondering if you could help put any context around the sort of the 8%, the 9% you did a year ago. Is there a real mix of margins that kind of average out to a normal-type, company-type margin, but in reality you have a lot of different pieces, some are in perhaps investments, money losers, offset by some very high margins elsewhere? Or are the security margins, the scanner margin is a lot lower than they used to be.
Joseph Nadol: Okay, okay. And then finally in the Intel segment, you mentioned proprietary software. I wasn't sure if that meant proprietary meaning classified or proprietary meaning proprietary to SAIC. If you could give a little more detail. That seems to have been a real margin driver, and I'm wondering maybe how much -- if you could help out with how much more opportunities are might be there or is this kind of a blip in the quarter.
