Chris Cage: I just -- obviously, the Health and Civil organization has been a standout, and we do see that momentum continuing. And to Tom's point, it's been a multiyear investment strategy that's positioned us to be where we are and to deliver excellent results for our veterans and be rewarded for that. But there are other parts of the portfolio we're very excited about, too.  And so I wouldn't limit our thinking and our investments to solely focus on Health and Civil. And at the same time, some of the Health and Civil organization results have benefited from investments we've made in things like AI and other capabilities at the center that apply broadly. So you'll see those strategies continue, and you'll see us continue to accelerate those investments as the year unfolds. 
Chris Cage: Yes, Jasper, thanks for that, right. Obviously, we're very pleased with the start to the year. And as in our prepared remarks, we indicated it wasn't just the Health and Civil business. It was really all of our teams got out of the gate strong.  And so now our full year outlook has been updated to mid- to high 11%. We think that's an area that, obviously, we're ahead of that in Q1, but that will be strong performance across the business as the year unfolds. And you think about some parts of the portfolio, for example, Commercial International and Defense Systems, both of which had good first quarters, but aren't yet where we expect that they will be on a margin performance basis.  So there's uplift there over the course of this year and into the future. And for Health and Civil, sustained this level of performance through Q2 is what we indicated, and we'll have to see how the competitive process plays out on the recompetes in Q3, Q4, but there is the potential for that business to continue this momentum, certainly through the back half of this year and into '25. 
Chris Cage: Yes. The Civil part of the portfolio has some excellent programs in there. And as Leidos and the team are bringing that all together, it's more about the energy and the synergies that we see across those businesses on personnel and in software capabilities that can be extended to both sides of the equation. I wouldn't think there's any particular standouts in the Civil portfolio. It was a solid first quarter out of the gate. So we're looking forward to building on that momentum as the year unfolds, especially -- and as we look at our FAA business and where that can extend capabilities to certain international customers, et cetera, as a particular area of interest for us. 
Chris Cage: Yes, Sheila, I'd just add, I mean, we have invested. We'll continue to invest in increasing our ability to drive throughput and drive excellent service for the veterans. We've gotten the strongest signal yet from the customer that the volume of activity should remain elevated, and we see that continuing into 2025. And it's not just the number of cases, it's the complexity of those cases. So we're, we believe, still in the early innings of where this thing can play out, and we're going to continue to invest accordingly to make sure veterans are well served with great experiences. I would say that even our first quarter results, which were quite strong, it wasn't aided by incentive fees as part of that, too. So there's still some opportunities to drive that performance higher over time. So I really like how we're positioned in that business right now. 
Chris Cage: Yes. So I mean, a couple of things we're tracking, and Cindy, leading that business is all over this with her team. But as we said in our remarks, we're actually pleased with the way we performed out of the gates in the first quarter. We're ahead of pace. There are some specific things we're focused on to drive margins higher over time, one of which we just completed at the end of last year, getting Dynetics fully integrated into the Leidos set of systems, whether that's financial, HR, et cetera, and our rate structure. And so there's a lot more collaboration, resource sharing, efficiencies that are unlocked as part of that. So that's very exciting program execution. It's a strength of Leidos, and it's an area that we've seen improvements in talent upgrades and process upgrades, and that's an area that we can identify mile markers along the rest of this year that will drive our program performance higher and our profitability higher as the year unfolds. And then finally, transitioning into next phase of key programs. We know sometimes on developmental programs, the early phases are not the most profitable, lessons are learned, and those are applied into the next round of bidding. And I think the team has incorporated those and we feel good about the bids we've been putting out and they are well positioned to win to keep growing that business. 
Chris Cage: Yes, I'll start and Tom can jump on. Obviously, National Security and Digital, excellent program execution is what we expect from that team because they've consistently delivered it. And sometimes you're not able to anticipate that you'll knock it out of park on award fees the way they have continued to do so, but I wouldn't bet against them. So we'll continue to see program execution as a strength there. And as it relates to Health, yes, when we -- Health and Civil, when we started the year, we signaled there in the mid-teens was a reasonable expectation for the year. We've exceeded that. We'll continue to exceed that level through Q2. And I think even in the second half of the year, there's the possibility and potential, it could be better than that, and we'll be able to give you some better color on that as we get closer to the recompete process. 
Chris Cage: And I would just add, I mean, we're excited about getting our Charleston facility up and running. And the teams have been doing a good job there. Actually, the leadership team will be down there next week to lay eyes on it ourselves. So we're looking forward to seeing that. There's a variety of products. I won't get into specifics about which ones we're pulling out of the portfolio. But clearly, we're focused on where we have technical differentiation, leadership positions, people screening has been a strength of that business for a long time. You can imagine that will be something we continue to stick with and double down on. We have excellent suite of port and borders equipment, but there are some pockets of the check baggage -- checkpoint baggage, et cetera, that we just have to continue to evaluate where we're positioned and make those changes accordingly. 
Chris Cage: Yes, Matt, that's still our budget, and there's a little bit of reserve in there. And we ask the teams to be smart and disciplined even when we allocate them approvals. But you'll see a few things ramp up. We've got our San Diego facility that we're going to be proud of to get a brand-new facility for a lot of our classified work out in San Diego completed this summer, and the teams are also looking for interesting ways that we can get in front of the customer on unmanned capabilities, demos, tests, et cetera. So we expect that to ramp up a little bit, but we'll continue to manage that tightly. 
Chris Cage: Well, mid- to high 11s. Tom, I just want to make sure the team doesn't run away from us here on their models. But no, your points are well made. I think that we have lines of business that haven't reached their full potential, and we're driving them in that direction. And capitalizing on the gains we made, we're going to continue to invest to stay ahead of demand. So those are things that we'll have to evaluate where those opportunities are, Noah. But clearly, you can see this business has a lot of potential, and we're going to continue to unlock it. 
Chris Cage: Cai, this is Chris. Again, the team has done great work, and we're proud to serve our veterans, and it's been volumes that the customer didn't see coming when the original contracts were put in place. So the ceiling is structured differently. It's based upon an exam volume, and they've actually had to issue a justification authorization to extend that once already to give them time to run this competitive process. We believe that process should play out over the next couple of quarters and culminate by the end of government fiscal year if things stay on track, that's the time line we're working towards. Obviously, it's not entirely within our control but our expectation is we'd have that new contractual vehicle in place beginning of our fourth quarter. 
Chris Cage: Rob, it's a good question. It's a good insight. I think we take the view that you've got to play the long game here. I mean if we were worried about maximizing the dollar on the current book of cost-plus contracts, I think that'd be a little bit shortsighted. So recognizing that, to Tom's point, we can deliver more mission outcome with the same budget and then set ourselves up to be incrementally more competitive on future opportunities. That's what's going to play well with our customers, and that's what's going to keep them coming back to Leidos. So we see this perpetuating our growth momentum as we continue to invest in this capability. 
Chris Cage: Rob, on inflation, I get where you're going with that. And I mean there's -- I'd say there's pockets of that, but there's not a pervasive opportunity or concern in our current backlog. I mean a lot of it as we priced our backlog on multiyear jobs, even if it's fixed price, we built in some inflationary expectation. Some of that, for a period of time, inflation ran hot. But the teams have flexibility on how they execute for those outcomes. And so we're also motivated to drive efficiencies in our process. And each new bid that we're moving forward with, we're evaluating them on their own merits and looking for opportunities to make sure they can generate an attractive return for our shareholders. So feel good about our backlog and feel good about our pipeline and where that helps support our margin objectives over time. 
Chris Cage: Yes, Jason, just quickly, I mean, I'd say that certainly, best value or decisions are the trend we continue to see. And I'm not seeing any Crazy Ivans and the competitive set is pretty well known and understood. We pay a lot of attention to that. Oftentimes, it just comes down to are you writing a compelling proposal, getting clarity of what your solution, and do you have the unparalleled customer understanding that you need to really hit the mark on the things that they're looking for that might not have jumped out in the RFI. So we think we're doing that well. We think we're focused on adding talent and depth in our account management structure to continue to do that well, and we like where we're positioned. 
Thomas Bell: Well, thanks, Bert. Yes. And yes, the fun thing about capitalism is many people look at the same market and decide to prosecute it in different ways.  We're aware that our competitors are looking at selling AI labor and think it's a market unto itself. That's not how we see the world. We see the world as difficult customer challenges, and we see ourselves as solution providers into that space. We see Trusted Mission AI as a huge key enabler to unlocking superior value for our customers and the solutions we bring forward.  So we're going to continue to avoid breaking AI out as a specific target. But in the spirit of your questions, I can share with you some antidotal evidence. For instance, while we've been investing in AI, the deployment of that has enabled us to improve quality on about $1 billion of those health exams.  In other words, some of the throughput we've been able to have in our clinics is the direct result of the efficiency that the AI tools we have embedded in our solutions unlocks. We've been able to put AI in our SES airport security business by linking things together there. We've been able to put AI in our unmanned systems, command and control systems that will enable us to help unmanned systems quickly speak to each other and aggregate their effects.  So we're going to continue to see Trusted Mission AI as not an end but a means to serving customer missions. And I hope that differentiation is something that you can join us on the 12th of June to understand even more. 
Thomas Bell: Just pivoting off of that a little bit, I want to give a shout-out to the team for how they've embraced this whole concept of promises-made, promises-kept culture. So while we have a standout first quarter performance in our Health business, they are not the only business committed to continuing to perform through the year. So we're very confident in our ability to hit the current range, and we're very excited about the degrees of freedom that gives us to invest differentially in our future and really propel our next growth strategy to great heights. 
Thomas Bell: But I can't let that question not go without a little bit of a foot stomp on the great performance we're having in the Health side of the business. We are continuing to invest in innovation there. And some of the innovations that Bert asked us about before that were built during the COVID crisis puts us in this position to do exams better for the VBA and some of the results that are behind the financial results are that Leidos investments have allowed us to increase the total number of veterans served by 27% in 2023. And as Chris mentioned in his comments, the volume is even increasing now in 2024. More than just that, we're able to serve our rural veterans better by 33%, and we're able to serve our homebound veterans by over 55%. So the investments we've made in technology and capability to take the clinics to the veterans are serving our veterans in ways that are enabling us to then unlock volume and unlock financial results. We're very excited not only about the whole of Leidos' portfolio, but this part of the portfolio in particular. 
Thomas Bell: Yes. And just to foot stomp that a little bit, Sheila. I mentioned -- as I foot-stomped an earlier comment about all the businesses keeping up with their commitments to Chris and I for their full year performance and the promises-made, promises-kept modus operandi, and I'm very happy to report that Cindy is amongst them, undeterred by a less robust start to the year than perhaps we might have hoped for, but very committed to the full year results, and she and her team are committed to meeting or exceeding those. 
Thomas Bell: I would just say that my whole promises-made, promises-kept culture, never uninvites overperformance. And so overperformance is welcomed. Overperformance is understood as a goal we all look to achieve and I have every confidence, Roy and his team are going to work to overperform both in this year and the future. We haven't talked about it yet, but our business development pipeline is very exciting and very robust. And nowhere is it more robust and more exciting than in Roy's business, in our National Security and Digital space. So he and Steve are working very hard to make sure we are positioned to win in the marketplace in the future, not only to deliver results now but to deliver results for the next 5 years. 
Thomas Bell: Well, hypersonics is one of several areas that we're focused on in our Defense Systems business. And yes, we are very excited about the capabilities we've proven in our hypersonics programs. And in fact, this week, we're having very robust conversations with customers around where they want to go and how they want to take that technology forward. Obviously, it's a wicked hard problem, but we've got our wicked smart people working to solve them with and for the customers. But that's not the only one. We've obviously got a lot of expectation with regard to IFPC Enduring Shield. That program is progressing well through the Army test program this year, and we're very hopeful for an LRIP decision at the end of this year. And wide field of view Tranche 2, while we were disappointed that the prime for our payload wasn't selected, we're working several avenues to maintain our prowess in that market and serve our nation in their understanding of what's happening from a threat standpoint. So our Defense business isn't only hypersonics, but hypersonics is one of those areas, and we're very excited about the suite of capabilities we're currently focused on, necking down to and prosecuting effectively. 
Thomas Bell: Chris mentioned San Diego a little bit. I'll just foot-stomp the great job the team is doing there. We're building a facility that will be world-class in terms of security and up to the latest standards of our nation. And so we'll have facilities on the West Coast that are as good as any and better than most. And we're very excited about the conversations and the opportunities that will unlock for us with our customers and the opportunity, therefore, to serve them at the highest classification levels. 
Thomas Bell: And yes, we've put the right team in place to execute the vision for us being a growing business profitably, focused on profitable growth. And so the pipeline is being refined to go after aggressively the right business, not all business. You remember one of my sayings, not all business is good business. And for Leidos, people understand that message and our priming the pump of the pipeline accordingly. We've got a healthy backlog, as you rightly call out, I'm not a big fan of these quarterly book-to-bill ratios because they are a fool's mission.  The right thing to do is focus on a health backlog, a profitable growth. And we're not embarrassed by the backlog we've got. It's up 4% year-over-year. And we're looking to improve that as the year goes on. We've got a huge pipeline of opportunities in front of us. All businesses have robust pipelines of good growth. And yes, in the latter half of this year, there are a significant number of new and takeaway businesses that we're hoping to brag about on future calls. But we've got to wait and see on those things. 
Thomas Bell: Obviously, Cai, you'll appreciate the fact that our nation can afford the gap is critical capability for those who have served us. And so we are very appreciative that the Veterans Administration is working with alacrity around the whole of the system and how they keep serving our veterans adequately. And we're very much in dialogue with them to make sure that we're positioned to make sure our veterans continue to be served. 
Thomas Bell: I think the long and short answer to that, Cai, is no, we don't yet. They're still working through that themselves. But we feel very confident in the investments we've made and the facilitation that we've done, the technology we've deployed, the team we've assembled that we're in a very good place to compete and continue to serve our nation and the Veterans Administration. Exactly what the rules are and what the incentives are in the next RFP will be known in time. But whatever the customer decides to do, we'll adjust accordingly and continue to work to make an adequate return on our investment and adequately serve our nation's veterans. So we're not deterred by this. We're actually excited. The fact is we are making robust profits here because we're serving our veterans so effectively. We're doing exactly what the Veterans Administration has incentivized us to do. And so it's a good news story. And the veterans who get served, the quality health care they get coming into a Leidos QTC clinic is better than any. And the customer service and the customer reputation we have is best-in-class. So we're very excited about it and very eager to continue to serve our nation in this way. 
Thomas Bell: Yes, it was a somber sobering affair. For those of you who haven't picked up the magazine that they published at the beginning, the title of the conference was lose-lose question mark. So that gives you a sense of the tone earlier this year. And I don't think that, that has become any more joyful. They are all to a, one, increasing defense budgets robustly. So there is certainly top line growth happening in Europe. But more importantly than that, my personal hypothesis is that we're going to see defense expenditures globally, morphed from hardware to more system solutions and effectors. I beg your pardon for those words, but systems, integrated solutions and effectors, not so much the platform that launches the product, but the actual effector for defense. And so Leidos is particularly well positioned to serve that market, not only because we've got a robust presence in Europe already anchored in the U.K., but throughout Europe. But also because as I look at that shift in spend, not only the increase in top line, but the shift to product services and solutions and effectors -- from products to solutions, services and effectors. I see Leidos in the unique opportunity to help our customers prosecute those needs. I mentioned in AUKUS, what AUKUS Pillar 2 is all about, seamless information sharing, AI, autonomy, advanced cyber, hypersonics, electronic warfare. And I mentioned -- I mean this reads like a catalog of Leidos' capabilities and strengths. So I think we are uniquely positioned. The fact that the U.S. is talking about lowering the ITAR hurdles between the U.S. and the U.K. as a part of all of this allows us to position ourselves even more forcefully to serve our U.K. customers in ways we have been inhibited from doing before. And I think that gives us a launching off point to talk to the Baltics around undersea capabilities, to talk to all about integrated air defense capabilities, to talk to all about electronic warfare capabilities. It just gives us the launching point to have much more robust conversations than we've been able to have before. And again, our Commercial and International segment now all aligned to have all those customer touch points aggregated into one place, so we can more jointly connect them and prosecute them with a whole of Leidos' approach. I just really think is an exciting time for Leidos. So early days. They're still doing a little storming and norming about those budgets and how they're going to do it. But we are not going to be haughty and say it's all got to be us. We also are humble partners in these things. So we're working to find out who we might want to partner with in Europe to prosecute these even better and work with national champions as a result. So it's a very exciting opportunity, but early days yet. 
