Christopher Cage: Sure, Seth. Thanks for the question. No, absolutely. I mean we're fortunate that going into the second year of the NGEN program, we have really strong visibility into how that program will continue to ramp up. And kudos to our team that's just done an excellent job getting that transitioned early. And now we're starting to see some of the project work that follows on to that program as well. So that's certainly one catalyst. We previously talked about the Military and Family Life Counseling program continuing to ramp up as we transition forward. Roger featured the thermal protection system program. There is several nice things going on within Dynetics that we're excited about, the IFPC program that we won in the third quarter, a thermal protection program. So those will both be transitioning into a growth mode. We had expected, obviously, we were hopeful RHRP would have been a big growth catalyst for us this year. We still expect it to be, but that's been pushed out for six months now. And then ultimately, one of the other big swingers will be what happens with AEGIS. We've modeled AEGIS to come in later in the year because we're anticipating potentially further action by the incumbent to delay that award. If they don't, that potentially gives us upside on the revenue line. But that's how we've positioned it within the guidance that we provided today.
Christopher Cage: Well, as we said, we do expect to be able to continue to grow our Health business. We have programs like DHMSM that continue to ramp up, which gives us a nice visibility there. Ultimately, RHRP will be an important contributor. But the 2022 revenue and profitability for the segment is consistent with what we've been trying to position, which is we knew that margins would be coming down. We had talked about potentially in the mid-teen area. We're on track with that expectation. The COVID case backlog has been worked down, but that particular line of business still performs excellently, we're very pleased with their performance. And there is a number of other large opportunities in the pipeline. But given the timing that we've seen on how procurements have been delayed, we're just being cautious about when those procurements might come out and our ability to win those and begin to execute.
Christopher Cage: Yes. Sheila, the only thing I'd add, I mean Roger mentioned a few. We certainly continue to see a number of digital transformation, IT modernization opportunities within the Civil customer set. And those tend to be bigger and they tend to take longer to get through a decision process, but we like that aspect of the pipeline. But he also mentioned SD&A, and that will continue to be something that we're assuming is not a growth catalyst in the near-term, but positioning that for '23 and beyond.
Christopher Cage: That's right. Matt, just a couple other things I'd mention. Again, as we look towards that 3 year time horizon, especially '23 and '24, I talked about a couple of the Dynetics programs, we continue to be excited about the positions on prototype programs that they're winning, which ultimately we have every expectation will turn into more full scale production programs and those could be significant growth catalysts for those out years. The return of the aviation screening market, again, cautious outlook in 2022, but we're several hundred million dollars below levels pre pandemic for that combined business as far as the top line goes. So that could be a future growth catalyst area. And then Roger mentioned a couple of the big programs that we're tracking, whether it be DES or FENS, AEGIS, and there's many more in the pipeline. So that's how we kind of think about it. There's several things that we anticipate over the course of this year will position us for accelerating our growth rate. But until we can bring those things in with more visibility, we'll be cautious on the near term outlook.
Christopher Cage: Well, it's all kind of tied in. As we thought about that, we took a view of when decisions might be made on some of the new programs that we're chasing and also kind of really layering in what we saw in the third and fourth quarter as far as lower than normal activity on kind of on-contract growth activity, Matt - or Gavin. So again, it's more of a point-by-point as we thought through our pipeline and award timing and decisions. But obviously, where we position kind of the mid-point of the growth, all those things considered, shaved a couple of points off of where we ordinarily might have been.
Christopher Cage: Yes. We haven't - Gavin, at this point in time, we're not changing kind of that 3 year CAGR outlook, right. There's lower starting point than we had anticipated given the dynamics that have played out over the last couple of months, but as we pointed to many paths to continue to get there. And as we resolve some of these major swingers such as DES and others in the near term, hopefully, we'll be able to give you more clarification on that 3 year outlook.
Christopher Cage: Well, I'll start and Roger might have some thoughts here, too, Robert. I would say that we've been signaling for some time now that Health was running at an elevated level and that was going to moderate down. And I'll tell you that the conversations we've been having internal to the business around the other lines of business have been around margin expansion opportunities and where are those going to come from and what actions are we taking. And so as we built our 2022, we're finding opportunities and challenging the business leaders to drive margin expansion across their portfolios. And we're doing that in a thoughtful and balanced way but have good confidence on the levers to pull to make that a reality over time. So I think that's what you should continue to see, is a little bit more rebalancing of the margins across the portfolio and then getting the Health group to a position that is stable, that we can grow off of there. And so that's the way '22 should play out for you as far as margins go.
Christopher Cage: Well, for Civil, if you're talking about Civil specifically, I mean, it gets to 11% if there's a significant rebound across our aviation screening market, right. That's critical to that portfolio, and that's an above average margin piece of the portfolio, the volume needs to increase there. As we've signaled, we're hopeful, at this point in time, we'll see that continuing to get to those levels starting in 2023 and growing from there. But the core aspects of the portfolio wouldn't be 11% without a decent contribution across the security products business.
Christopher Cage: Yes, Rob, well, you're challenging me today then on 11% for the enterprise, well, that was a great year last year, as we pointed to. 60 basis points came from a couple of items that aren't going to repeat. We signaled 10.5% as our long-term target at Investor Day. Again, our expectation is to get to that level and then - and we do believe, as Roger pointed out, depending upon the mix in the portfolio, continuing to pursue areas, contracts, work areas that will give us margin expansion opportunities from there.
Christopher Cage: Colin, the only thing I would add to Roger's comment, and he's right, it is thousands of employees, but it's not - doesn't have to grow at the same rate as revenue because some of the things we pointed to for the '23 and '24 catalysts are going to come more on the manufacturing product side, those production programs in Dynetics and the return of the SD&A business market that we expect. Those don't require the same level of headcount growth contributions to drive that revenue uplift. So it's a big challenge, we're focused on it, but it's not a one-for-one relationship to get to the outcome.
Christopher Cage: The only other thing I'd add there, Colin, is on the differentiation front, the other attribute that allows us to be successful is speed. And we've talked about that, but we're more nimble, we're more agile. And so sometimes as we're looking at positioning for emerging capabilities, our ability to get that delivered and fielded more quickly, because we can respond more quickly, is a characteristic that allows us to be successful.
Christopher Cage: Well, we're only giving '22 guidance today, right? And so we're trying to make sure that based on the factors we've seen, Mariana, over the last 4 months, it reflects those challenges that we see. But at the same time, we also see these needs and these opportunities in the pipeline. And so as we sit here today, we look at where our customer is going and the things that we think ultimately they will be buying and the demands that they have and the funding levels that we believe will be there still give us the ability to achieve that longer term aspiration that we have for growth. But for right now, '22, you're right, it is a little bit more of a cautious start given the uncertainty in the environment today. But we try to paint a picture of how that could increase our growth rate over time, depending upon how some of these uncertainties resolve themselves.
Christopher Cage: Competitive dynamics, so I would say that it's the same competitors that we go up against typically. And we're - we have a great team leading our business development, great capture managers, a good price to win team. We think we have a good pulse on what each procurement competitive set looks like, and so each one is different. To Roger's earlier point, we do try to steer away early in the process in our pipeline of things that we believe are only going to be based upon a price oriented decision, that's not where we want to compete. But clearly, I mean, the market is always competitive and we approach it that way. So there's no different - we're not taking our eye off the ball, we always go after everything, anticipating that it's going to be highly competitive, we need to put our best foot forward. And so that's the way we've been prosecuting the bids in our pipeline.
Christopher Cage: Hey, Tobey, this is Chris, and Roger can add some more color. I would say it's actually a lower-than-normal year in '22, and so that kind of informs our internal goal on what we think our book-to-bill needs to be and what our target is. So absolutely, it's an increased percentage of takeaway and new business opportunities that we're going after, ad that comes with lower expected win rates. So we have to be very thoughtful about the volume that we're prosecuting through. And certainly, we don't take our eye off the ball on any re-competes and put our best foot forward. But it is a lower than average year, which is great. So we're definitely more on the attack in '22 than we might ordinarily be.
Christopher Cage: I would tell you that we haven't probably broken that down with great visibility yet. I mean there is not one of our top 10 programs that come to mind that are coming up for a re-compete cycle next year. So -- but more color on that as we get our way through the year, Tobey.
Roger Krone: Hey, thanks, Sheila, and good morning. We're pretty transparent on the bigger deals. We're not really enthusiastic about what is out there. We - and we talked about this before, of course, Sheila, is that we've done some major transactions over the past several years and we're now performing against those. And our M&A is really focused on adding capability or access to a new customer, and those tend to be smaller. And barring something that really is transformative, our capital allocation is going to stay the way it has been, which is we invest in the company, we pay a dividend, we maintain our debt level and then we find a tax efficient way to give the excess cash back to our shareholders. And of course, we've said some things this quarter that indicate that we have less need for that cash. So take that as you will, but we are such a great cash generator. Our ability year-over-year to raise the dividend, buy back shares, I think, is impressive, and we're just saying we believe that will continue in the future.
Roger Krone: Well, I'll talk about a couple of things, and I'll let Chris follow. Civil is an area where protests and program delays really hurt us. We had a program named FILMS [ph], which is in protest. AEGIS was in protest. The FENS program at one time could have been a '21 award, and we thought it was a first quarter '22 and now it looks like it's a third quarter '22. So as we mentioned, both in my piece and in Chris, the delay of acquisitions have, I think, hurt the industry across the board. And for us, I think Civil took a major part of the brunt of that. But these - by the way, these programs are still going to happen. And so we're enthusiastic about our competitive position. The customer just has to get them through the acquisition cycle and they've got to get awarded and then we've got to sort our way through the protest period. And we mentioned with AEGIS, we don't know what's going to happen to AEGIS. Some of that upside, maybe that will get resolved earlier. But if there's another round of protest at Court of Federal Claims, it could be somewhere again. And then the Omicron variant kind of kept our security detection business sort of at nominative levels. We were hoping for a much stronger rebound in - frankly, in air travel and leisure, and although we have seen a rebound, but nowhere near what we had hoped. And I don't know, here in D.C., we'll look like we'll come off the back of Omicron, we have our fingers crossed, but I've said that before, and there could be another variant right behind it.
Roger Krone: Well, I'll mention a couple of things and I'll let Chris add. But the Defense Enclave Services, if you were around the office, you will know what we're talking about in the hallways, I mean we were right up against that award. And that's a - it's just a large program, I can't underestimate how big that program is. And there's another competitor, and it's a very competitive program. And we're hoping that it will be a first quarter award with probably at least a 100 day protest, maybe more than that. And so that will start to ramp, assuming we win that later in the year. And then Chris touched on a couple of things. RHRP will start ramping. We'll get a full year of maybe NextGen. So there's a lot that can happen for us that's very, very positive. But here we are in the first quarter frankly with a fair amount of uncertainty. And you saw where we are on the guide, it's a nice range on the guide. We're going to do everything we can to get to the high end of that. But with the CR and Omicron and Ukraine and everything else that's going on, we thought positioning ourselves where we did was the right thing to do.
Roger Krone: Yeah. We wish we could. But when you have these open investigations, we're really restrained on what we can tell you. So - and I think Chris pretty much paraphrased the paragraphs you see in the litigation section in the K. But what we will tell you is when we have more to tell you, we'll let you know. But right now, it's an open investigation and we're proceeding. And sometime in the future, we'll have more to say.
Roger Krone: Well, we really want, especially with everything that's going on this year, we want to be in a really balanced position here in the first quarter. And then as these decisions, we need to get an omnibus, we need to get some of these programs awarded, as we can release that risk, then - your words, not mine, conservatism, I would rather call it balance, we can rebalance where we are throughout the year. And there are just so many multibillion-dollar opportunities ahead of us that with potential for another COVID variant, I think we're going to get an omnibus. But if not, I mean, there's still people in Washington saying there could be a potential government shutdown. And here we are, and we haven't even had the State of the Union or the skinny budget by the President. So there's a lot of uncertainty here in D.C. if you listen to radio. And so we just want to be in a position where we've got a good range, and we can work away up in the range as these risk items get released.
Roger Krone: Rob, I'll make the point that I was going to make earlier. You raise margin in our business, really two ways, right, through operating performance, being more efficient, scale, being able to spend less capital, less R&D, less marketing because you have size, right. And we've been on that journey, and you've seen some real benefits from that. The other way you can raise margin in our business is you change your mix, right. We don't bid on relatively low LPTA 3% bids, and we bid on highly value-added differentiated programs like the thermal protection system. But if you've got a contract that's 4 or 5 years to support a mission where you're doing maintenance operations and maintenance work, those things have to roll off so the portfolio mix doesn't change as quickly as perhaps you would like or perhaps our investors would like. And by the way, those are good contracts and they generate a lot of cash and they help us build relationships with customers. So we have been moving over time really on both fronts, operating better, being more efficient, using our discretionary funds better. But also, if you will, moving up on the value chain and bidding on more differentiated work and then shying away from things that are LPTA and more commodity.
Roger Krone: Well, yeah, I mean, we can. Let's see, we don't really put out numbers, but we obviously have to add heads. We're at about nominally 43,000. The exact number will be in the K, maybe just a little short of 43,000 by like 20 or 30. And we have to add a significant number of people in the thousands, again, without putting out a specific number. And I think your question is really more of the risk around being able to continue to attract people to the company. And we - that's something actually, as a leadership team, we look at literally every week. And when you look at the number of people that we've hired and the people who have left, either the great resignation who have left the industry or retired or the people that have gone to competitors. And we are still comfortable with our ability to attract and retain the workforce that we need. The other question we usually get is about wage inflation, and I'll just hit that one, is that, we have seen a little bit of uptick in what we're paying people. It's all based in our numbers and our guidance. But we're also seeing the opportunity to hire some college grads at a lower wage rate. And frankly, some of the skills we need are coming right out of college, like Python programming language. And so that allows us to bring in some earlier career people into our cost structure which has a beneficial effect. So we always say that the workforce is a risk item for us, but we've been fortunate to create a company and a culture where people want to come to work. And we - frankly, our first six weeks of the year have been pretty impressive on the hiring that we've already done in 2022.
Roger Krone: Let's see. I'm not sure I even know the number on hardware versus digital transformation. I'll describe just a little bit. The acquisition process for us on hardware is very, very different than, say, some of our large digital transformation opportunities. The large digital transformations are a lot of bidders, RFP process, draft RFP, competitive bid, maybe down selected to then a competitive bid. On the hardware side, it starts with spending our own R&D to create a concept and investing in a prototype or a demo or a simulation and then maybe getting a CRADA, like a cooperative research program where we take it out in the field and we shoot a prototype and we get a customer interested in it. And eventually that leads to a limited production order, which can actually lead to a large production order. So for us, I can't speak to the other people in our industry, in the areas where we compete, we're really competing off of differentiated technology that we've developed. Very rarely are we taking our widget against somebody else's widget and a third-party's widget and we're fighting it out in the proposal process, which, again, is typically in our large digital transformation jobs, how we win there. And it's why we like some of this in our mix. If you followed our story over the long term, we've said we would like a little bit more product, a little bit more hardware, where we can invest in a differentiation and then we can reap the benefits of that over the long-term.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Just an example there, because you can tell that we're really excited about this part of our business. We had a customer who needed an airborne asset. And we went from concept to delivery within 12 months. So we bought the airplane, we minded [ph] the airplane, we put equipment in, the customer gave us some GFE, we went through a test program, we got and fielded within 12 months. And that speed, security and scale, we think, is one of our differentiators.
Roger Krone: Yeah. And Mariana, we've talked about this in the past, is we have been trying to position the company to where we think the puck will be in the future. So - and as we look at the omnibus, we think there's going to be an even greater growth in non-defense. So that will benefit us in our Health and Civil business, which we have bolstered over the past several years. And then within Defense, the shift to great power competition, which we think benefits things like space and hypersonics and electronic warfare, again, areas that we have been positioning now for years. And so we're enthusiastic about the long term. In first quarter of 2022, there's just a lot of risk that needs to be retired which is why we are where we are.
Roger Krone: And Rob, it looks like we're coming up to the top of the hour, I think we have time for one more question.
