Mark W. Sopp: I mentioned some other factors that I didn't precisely quantify like the more cautious outlook on product revenues and also explicitly about $0.01 of reduction related to the reclassification of the OT&E business into discontinued operations. So those are 2 additional pieces you'd need to consider to reconcile into the new guidance.
Mark W. Sopp: We're not in practice of doing that. I think I provided all of the pieces for you to take your previous estimate and the elements that we see changing from our previous guidance. So I think I prefer for you to make those based on the pieces that I gave you.
Mark W. Sopp: Yes, that's correct. We are concerned with the timing of getting orders in and product out the door by Jan 31, but if that is not meant to convey a permanent view toward those activities. We are still very confident that they will eventually occur and benefit the corporation.
Mark W. Sopp: I think it's fair to say we've seen weakness in all of the Fed civ agencies for the large part over the course of this year, not just this quarter. And we also saw a pause in some of the federal health business that we think is more of a temporary nature. We're more bullish on that outlook, as I said earlier, for next fiscal year based on recent activity we've had. We've had -- some of those delays, some of those are losses we've had for various reasons. And so the civil sector, the health are the drivers for the contraction we've seen in that sector. And that was offset favorably by the strength in the commercial health business and pretty good strength in our security products business this third quarter.
Mark W. Sopp: Jason, we will work through our fiscal '14 planning to determine the answer to that question and provide color on that in our March call. So we did the important part first and how we will allocate to reinvestment toward growth initiatives and the trade-off between that and profit enhancement is something that we need a little more time to develop.
Mark W. Sopp: First of all, let me go back to the prior statement. With respect -- I do want to make this clear. The Gemini Project expenses are third-party expenses. We incur lawyers, bankers, accountants, consultants, et cetera. But it does not include that severance amount, so that is additive. The severance is additive [indiscernible]. Just want to clarify that for the rest of the audience.
Mark W. Sopp: Confirmed. And with respect to the sale of the business, we are not allowed by contract to disclose those proceeds.
Mark W. Sopp: The story's the same as we've consistently said, Cai. We are looking at all opportunities depending on which are most attractive to us. We have a bias for growth, so M&A is something we look very hard at first. But as you've seen, we've been very selective there. And when we don't have M&A properties that fit our stringent criteria, we have bought back stock, we have initiated a dividend, we'll continue to look at all of those 3 areas going forward.
Mark W. Sopp: Thanks, Rick. We're really pleased with that development. And as we have disclosed, our rights toward any cash settlement proceeds is essentially 25% after deducting legal fees and other minor issues. But it's substantial, so we're pleased with those developments. We have no precise estimated timing of any such proceeds coming to us. We don't know if Apple will appeal or move down some other paths, so we patiently await. And we, of course, have not factored in any of those proceeds to many of our financial projections.
Mark W. Sopp: Correct, although more of the delays, I would say, are on the ISR side of the house. But I would consider that this segment, as now constructed, to have normative margins in the mid-8% to 9% range. We clearly did above that in the third quarter and it's largely attributable to the strongest quarter of the year in security product shipments for our VACIS and our Reveal product lines. And that will obviously have some volatility quarter-to-quarter. That segment is somewhat diluted today because of the acquisitions we've made in the commercial health area. Stu mentioned in his remarks that we are double digit profit margins before amortization. But net of amortization, it's slightly dilutive. So that's bringing it down a little bit right now. In the nearer term, that will remain the case. But because of how strong it's performing and how well it's growing, we are hopeful that will help contribute toward margin expansion in future years.
K. Stuart Shea: Actually, we have more synergies through the separation of blue and white. I mean, we have of launch...
K. Stuart Shea: There's about $37 billion over the -- over -- per year in new opportunities on the blue side, about $4.5 billion to $5 billion in new opportunities on the white side that are addressable to us. We're looking at a much smaller amount in there.
K. Stuart Shea: It's a good number. Historically -- and, historically, on a win rate, we also have a pretty solid win rate that's been pretty predictable on our competitive business and our re-competes. And so as we look at that, we think of it as maybe just a reduction because it's a new expansion area for us, so we wouldn't count on the same win rate. So we'll spend a little bit more B&P, we'll have a little bit lower win rate, but we still see about the same synergy as $1 billion.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, we should be thinking second half of the fiscal year. And the reason there's such a broad opening there is because we've completed a good part of the design, now comes the difficult part of the implementation. So we actually have to now build these 2 companies. And then once we do all the regulatory filings, not much is up to us at that point. We still have to wait for all the appropriate approvals and then seek final board approval. And that process is something that we can't control. So we have embedded in our schedule, obviously, enough of a slop in time for us to have some contingencies on the design, the implementation, the regulatory filings and then the comeback kind of on the end of next year time frame.
K. Stuart Shea: Well, we would love it to be sooner because being sooner we get to really attack some of these opportunities that are restricted from OCI. Taking longer is still in the hands of the U.S. government.
K. Stuart Shea: Ed [ph], this is Stu. We don't know yet at this point. We still are in determination of that part of the separation of all legal entities, legal claims, intellectual property, those kinds of things.
