Stuart Davis: Thank you, Maria. And good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our third quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call.  Joining me today are Roger Krone, our Chairman and CEO, and Chris Cage, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is being webcast on the Investor Relations portion of our website, where you'll also find the earnings release and supplemental financial presentation slides that we'll use during today's call. Turning to slide 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it and, as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Finally, as shown on slide 3, during the call we'll discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the two is included in today's press release and presentation slides. With that, I'll turn the call over to Roger Krone, who will begin on slide four.
Stuart Davis: Maria, it looks like we're just at the top of the hour. So I think we have time for just one more question. 
Stuart Davis: Maria, I want to thank you for your assistance on this morning's call. And thank you everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Leidos. We look forward to updating you again soon. Have a great day.
Roger Krone: We don't guide to 2023 until the end of the year. And so, we're not going to put out any numbers. What we will tell you, though, is that if you go back to our Investor Day and we put some longer term goals on Investor Day, and we're still confident with the numbers we provided you. I think it was October a year ago. But we're still very excited about what's going on in our space and we had a great quarter and we expect 2023 to be strong.
Roger Krone: Well, maybe I'll start and then Chris can come back in. We, especially in our mission and operations area, find customers who want to accelerate capability and look to the contractor base to make investments to get them capability into theater faster. And the army has some airborne programs. In fact, I think our RFP just came out a week ago and we made some investments ahead of that program. And we hope to get a decision, which will be next year, and actually start the program next year. When we make an investment like that, it's usually on a pretty short string. And it's very consistent with the airborne work that we already do, and those margins tend to be above our corporate average.
Roger Krone: Of course, what we have been saying for years is we have been portfolio shaping and positioning the company both in Health, Civil and Defense, to be in the swim lanes that are moving faster. And so, just as I reflect on all three of those, of course, our Health business continues to have really, really strong momentum. We're almost through the COVID catchup and back to normal growth levels. But we see continued growth in our Health business really driven by CMS, Social Security, and what's going on in DHA, and it's just been a great performer for us.  In Civil, we've talked now for quarters about the resurgence in air travel. And we're seeing strong resurgence certainly in the US, as I think all of us can attest. And we're finally starting to see the revenue passenger kilometers pick up internationally. And our SCS team has had probably more meetings with customers in the last quarter than they did all of last year. So we're traveling again. And that bodes well for increased orders, which will lead to increased sales in our global security business.  And then Defense, which we actually – if you think about a year ago – thought was probably going to be our lower growth business. But as we've all come to learn, the world is a very complicated place and it continues to be very, very complicated. And I think those issues require that both the US and our allies continue to invest, maybe more than they would otherwise like to in the defense of the nation. And so, our Defense business has really held up held up well.  And we don't see anything on the horizon that changes our view of that future. And I think it really speaks to some of the decisions we made to shape the portfolio and emphasize on the parts of the business that we did.  And I'll highlight one other thing. It's a smaller business for us and we don't often talk about it. But within the Civil group, we have a commercial energy business. That has just been going great. We do a lot of engineering for investor owned utilities and energy savings programs for large production facilities. And that business has been growing in double-digits. And it's interesting that utilities are connected to 5G because you put 5G on towers and you need engineering for that. And that business has turned out to be a huge growth engine for us as well.  I don't know, Chris, you want to…
Roger Krone: Rob, a point I would make as you think about the coming five years from now, the Health is primarily a kind of a people services driven business and I think it will continue to grow well and we'll provide health managed services to active military and veterans and others. But five years from now, some of the programs that we've been talking about, [indiscernible] or SS, they'll be an in significant production. And that will help to look change the complexion of the company a little bit, so that we have 15% or 20% of month-over-month production programs generating higher margin than our average. And what we're going through now in 2022 and 2023 is the development of the programs in enduring fires, the high energy laser, the Common-Hypersonic Gide Body, which is just ramping up, and the stuff we're doing on Tranche 1. By the way, there is a Tranche 2 and a Tranche 3. So if you think about what we will look like five years from now, we will have the base business that we've always had and we will add to it, kind of above that base some significant production program. So we're really excited about the company five years from now.
Roger Krone: A comment I would make is Bill LaPlante finally was confirmed by the Senate and put in as the acquisition exec in the Pentagon. And I would say since he's taken office, we've seen sort of upbeat in activity. Bill's been very accessible to industry. There have been a couple of tri service meetings with Bill. And he's trying to, I think, accelerate the RFPs and to get outlays where they need to be. And I think that's a real positive sign.  I would look more towards that than I would the occupancy limit on the Pentagon. But I will confirm whether it's delivered on the Pentagon or not, I think we've probably been in the Pentagon more in the last quarter than we were in the first half of the year. So I think it all bodes well that will – increase the activity and we'll get some of these procurements under contract.
Roger Krone: Yeah. Especially if we compare it to last year – this time last year, I guess I was optimistic that we'd get a bill before the end of the year. And as we recount what happened last year, almost took the whole first quarter to finally get a bill. And that did have an impact. It just caused everything to slow because you're captive to prior-year level. I'm more optimistic this year. I can't predict the future. None of us can, but when we talk to members of Congress, the senior senator from the State of Alabama, they all seem committed to get it done in the lame duck period after the election. And so, I have more calm pretense that we'll get an omnibus before the end of the year, but no one can predict, lots of issues. I think we're all reading the newspaper about the election and how things will go. But I feel better today than I did a year ago that we're going to get an omnibus and we'll avoid the extended CR that we had last year. 
Roger Krone: I see if I can do this quickly. And we've always described the US business as sort of an RFP, get certified, compete for the business. And it's funded really through authorizations and appropriations. That business continues to go well. There's opportunities to insert new technology, what we call CT or computer tomography at the checkpoint for carry on. And we're in the process of getting our equipment certified. And we continue to see success domestically or in the US, along with our competitors. So that business is great.  What will really drive growth in that business is the return of the international business, and the international business tends to be funded by ticket surcharges. So it's more related to travel volume than it is in the US where it's essentially funded by the federal government. And it's a lag. So the tickets, traffic has to come back, the ticket volume has to go up. The airport authorities, every airport has a different governance structure, they have to be confident that the volume is there. And then they start to engage with the contractor base, they put out RFPs, we go and talk, we do demos, right. And then it takes literally months or a year or two before there's acquisition, you get certified, you get an award, you build the equipment, you deliver it. So, unfortunately, there's a long timeline to this recovery.  But the good news is, at the front end, the RFP activity, the demos, the requests that we have for specifications and the like is up significantly year-over-year. And I said our team is literally flying all over the world, talking to airport owners and operators about what's available.  And I'll make another point. We've done this before. During the period, kind of the COVID period, we couldn't use that as an opportunity to up our investment in technology and our product. We wanted to make sure that we had state-of-the-art detection equipment. There are a variety of new substances that airports want to detect, fentanyl being one of them. And that required us to tweak our algorithms. There are some other reasons why we tweaked algorithms in the US. But we took the time, right, when maybe production wasn't where we wanted it to be. But we took our team and used it to invest in technology to make sure that our products were worldwide competitive. And now, we're benefiting from that, is that we are at the leading edge with competition on what we have to offer. And customers realize that and they've asked us to come and talk to them. So we're excited about that.
Roger Krone: Yeah, I think everyone knows that China is still essentially shut down for COVID and that does dampen travel in the Pacific region. But Chris is right, we've had a lot of trips to Europe.
Roger Krone: I'll just add a sense or two, kind of footstall what Chris discussed. So, really two ways we drive margin. Performance on the existing contracts and then changing the mix, so that we have programs that on their face have higher revenue opportunity. We have always focused on performance, and that's your write ups versus write downs and control of indirect costs and overhead. And we're a very lean company. We have less than 100 senior executives in the company. We run a $15 billion, $14 billion company with that, and we continue to focus on that. And we've had success. But in our success, we are not adding to corporate office overhead and indirect costs.  And then on mix, and that's been our story now for years, is that we do have in our portfolio some businesses where we operate in Antarctica, we do large M&O. And those tend to be below the corporate average. And over time, those were important programs, important programs for the nation, but we want to complement those with programs that have higher margin potential.  And we talked about production programs earlier. Even in some of our digital transformation programs, if we can get special project work, if we can do enhancements, we can drive those to the higher margin. If we do all of that, the 10.5% is achievable.
Roger Krone: We continued our deployments through Hurricane Ian. Really on schedule to finish the program, frankly, on cost or under cost and on schedule. The DHMSM program is probably below the average in the Health group. So if you kind of understand the portfolio, it's a very solid program. We're excited about the performance. But there are just the way that portfolio shapes and the nature of the programs that as it tails down and we replace it with other work, frankly, there might even be some opportunities for margin improvement. But the volume is definitely going to come down. And we're trying to get to a position where we're doing the operations and maintenance of the system at all the military treatment facilities. But as we've said, I am sure you've followed the program from the beginning, you do get to the point where you've installed the [indiscernible] GENESIS software and all the military treatment facilities and the program takes a different shape.
Roger Krone: Ellen, what's been great about the journey at Leidos is losing a $1 billion program when we were 5 or 10 years ago was really, really material for us. Now, we're bidding probably north of $50 billion worth of stuff in a year. And so, if we were to lose a $1 billion program – and, clearly, we don't win everything, and so there are programs like that that we have not won. Usually new business and takeaways, not a recompete. It tends not to have a significant impact. All companies do this. Sometimes we stretched a bid on something that's maybe a little bit outside the strike zone, and we lose those, but it helps to build a relationship with the customer. And then maybe when we bid the next program, we win those.  Like all companies, we do lose programs. Not every week, but often. But we win a lot more than we lose, which is what we're trying to do. And as Chris said, we have a lot of work to do between now and the end of the year. It's amazing how many RFPs have dropped and how busy our team is, frankly, across all five of our business groups and three of our reporting segments and writing proposals over the two holidays, which tends to be the way things work in our industry.
Roger Krone: Mariana, we tend to go where the US goes. The Five Eyes countries, the NATO aligned countries, and then we tend to go where the world is complicated. And right now, Europe and the Pacific Rim are places that we see growth. And so, we're excited about that. And Chris mentioned, I think we sell equipment through the SES business maybe to 125 different countries. Not all of that is direct, some of that is through manufacturers reps, but we have people probably in 40, maybe 45 different countries supporting some of the SES products at commercial airports. 
Roger Krone: Toby, we don't put out hard numbers. I would tell you from a solution standpoint, we're pretty comfortable with where we have moved and the valuated work that we do, the special project work we do on some of our contracts. And to provide a solution to a customer, we've really worked hard to position the business in that way. From the actual hardware component – by the way, we love to make hardware that is part of the bigger solution where those things go, go hand in glove. But we've been working through program wins and through M&A to add a slight bit more hardware component to our offering. By the way, it tends to have very sticky IP. If you've got a manufacturing facility, you tend to hold on to the program. They tend to be longer lived as programs go. You have 5-year production runs, you have 10-year production runs. And although we have some things that are in production, our hope is to add four or five products to our production portfolio. And as we said at the at the beginning, five years from now, to have a more significant part of our portfolio is actually connected to some hardware. 
Roger Krone: Toby, it's a good theory. And I think there's a strong basis in the points that you make. First I'd point out is, PE is still very strong in our markets. And without going through some of the specific firms, one just did a $10 billion capital raise, and so there seems to be a lot of money available to private equity. So, we don't see them leaving the market. Interest rates drive up the cost of capital for everybody. It does change the business case. But it also would change the business case for us. Do I think strategics kind of come back with a little bit more balance sheet power and then play in the market? It could happen.  What we try to do is not get tied up in the kind of it's a good interest rate, it's a bad interest rate. We really try to look at the fundamental, strategic fit of the business, and then see if we can get it at a price which closes on our business case. And we've used that approach in everything that we bought. And that's really how we do M&A going forward. Interest rates come and go, PE can come and go, and we just need to stay close to our strategy and our knitting and buy those things that makes sense for us.
Roger Krone: Ken, great kind of a provocative question. By the way, the good news is lots. So, no single program, no single downselect drives the business. We've got to get wide field of view Tranche 0 up into space, we're going to get Tranche 1 up into space, we've got to transition our enduring fires, both the enduring, which is the missile and high energy laser, we need to get those in to test. We have some things on the weapons side, those need to get into test. On the airborne, we need to win the next airborne competitive program with the Army for their enhanced ISR program, which is a Bombardier 6500 class aircraft. And so, we just go around the portfolio and it's a lot of, I won't call it, singles and doubles, but is World Series season. So they really are kind of singles and doubles, there is no big home run out there that we need to execute the strategy. And so, you just kind of look at the press releases and we went into programs, so they have hardware content. Are we successful in getting these things fielded, getting things in orbit? Our MUUV program that I talked about, so we now are in development. So that needs to go. PDR, CDR into production. We need to start building UUVs. And they just continue in that vein.
Roger Krone: By the way, come to Huntsville, and we'll talk about technology, we'll talk about the technologies in the different products. First of all, we want to have programs across the lifecycle of technology. We're going to be doing work with DARPA, low level TRL kind of programs. When we're starting to talk about production, then those are higher TRL programs. And if I think about, say, if the enduring fires programs, the technology risk is essentially behind us. So, we need to apply the technology, we need to make it work, we need to connect it to the fire control system, we need to take it out on the ranges and shoot it and demonstrate it.  But from an invention standpoint, we do that kind of work under, we call it, 6263 [ph] kind of early stage programs with customers like the Office of Naval Research and AFRL and DARPA. And then, those are take risk, invest, fail fast kind of programs, and we love having those. Our people love working on those, but the ones that are significant in our financials going forward, we've gotten through CDR, PDR, we bought down the technical risk. And I think you'll be impressed with the level of technology we have in those programs and how mature that technology is, if you can make it to Huntsville.
Chris Cage: Yeah, that's right. And, Gavin, just add to that, Roger talked about the great win our space team had on the Tranche 1 Tracking Layer. And that's an example of where we've made some investments to ensure we could acquire the appropriate long lead items. Everybody's talking about supply chain constraints. We've been monitoring that to make sure we got out ahead of the materials were needed to successfully win that contract as one example and then to continue to invest in our capability in clean rooms, engineering talent, etc. So those are a few example. The Dynetics, if you're able to make it down to the trip that Roger talked about, that'll give you a firsthand view of some of the areas where we've clearly made some investments in our facilities, team and capabilities. 
Chris Cage: Rob, I think Roger covered the landscape pretty well. I would say that, in the near term, again, our Health business, very proud of that business and the team and we spoke about the SSA. This is a hard fought battle to make sure that we ultimately prevail through the protests. Feel confident. That'll be a growth catalyst for us in 2023. We're quite sure.  The RHRP program that we've been talking about for years, finally, we're up and running on that. So really feel like the Health business has room to grow in the near term. And then, the Dynetics business is really 2024 and beyond when you've got these force protection programs, you've got space, you've got things that can really ramp up into significant program quantities. We're very excited about that.
Chris Cage: Yeah, if you start to get into the back half of the 20s, if things play out the way we hope to, I think Dynetics has more opportunities with the defense hardware side to really grow those into substantial programs. But don't forget, we've got the DES program too ramping up on the digital modernization side. So that should be a big catalyst for us in defense as well. So probably, back half of the year, I can see that Defense segment accelerating growth beyond what we're seeing in Health and Civil, but I wouldn't count them out.
Chris Cage: I don't know, Spencer, that we've seen a noticeable difference before or after, quite honestly. That wasn't really a constraint that we'd seen. I think the Pentagon activity generally has been as expected, the bookings. As Roger mentioned, we did see a number of RFPs dropped in our Defense business here over the course of October. So that's been very active in our proposal pits very recently. So that's exciting to see. But the Pentagon volume, I wouldn't say we noticed a big impact pre or post.
Chris Cage: Well, definitely. And certainly, something we've spent a lot of time on throughout the year and even most recently as a leadership team. So I think what we've been doing is, obviously, our merit budget pool has been increasing and we've seen that consistently over the course of the past two to three years and expect it'll tick up again as we're looking ahead to 2023. So in the past, that was a sub 3% kind of annual pool and then we'd have some one-off increases over the course of the year. I think what we're seeing now is above – mid 3s to 4 or higher in certain cases. And so, that will roll through the top line as a tailwind on the cost reimbursable programs, which I'm sure you're aware are in the order of 50% of the portfolio. So that's goodness there on the top line contributor for growth. The balancing act is managing that on the fixed price and T&M programs. And we've been successful there. I would say that managing margins this quarter at 10.3%, could have been better. But we're looking ahead to a strong Q4. So we're very thoughtful on building our pricing up and passing those inflationary cost pressures along to our customers where we can. Certainly, it'll be priced in as we put together next year's forward pricing rates. But it's absolutely something we're spending a lot of time on as a management team and being thoughtful, especially for the areas of talent that are in the highest demand.
Chris Cage: Especially in the European market, Peter, I'd say that's probably the area we're seeing the most receptiveness, we've had the most visits, there's probably some things that we're more optimistic on there. Hopefully, Asia will follow. But that's probably further behind.
Chris Cage: Colin, I'll start and Roger can pile on. So, certainly, the margin bridge, and as Roger was asked earlier, we're not going to paint a detailed 2023 picture at this point in time. But the good news is, when you look at how this quarter played out, I think that's indicative of a great jumping off point. Health kind of came back to where we expected to be more on normalized basis. We'll have some up quarters and down quarters, but mid-teens was kind of the baseline and to give us a platform to potentially expand from there. Civil showed what it's capable of with a modest increase in volumes, security products and good management. And I'd say the defense side of the business is where we have some more opportunities to increase margins, right?  So, balancing all that out, I'd say, looking ahead to 2023, coupled with the inflationary discussion earlier, we'll put together a plan that keeps us in the 10s and where that falls out. More work to be done. But I liked the portfolio. But, definitely, when we get to 2024 and we've gotten more production oriented outputs of bounce back in SES, that's when we feel more bullish on the 10.5% plus margin target longer term.  So I think we're in a good place to bridge that. I don't know if it'll be an up year or flat year, but more to come on that when we give you the 2023 guidance.
Chris Cage: Well, definitely. Part of what we're not seeing is that the VA didn't necessarily set up a way to track that explicitly just yet. So the team is working to make sure we understand what's coming through as the PACT Act cases versus otherwise. But I think the main point is, this is ahead of us. Right? And, yes, it could be a contributor to the fourth quarter, that would be something, if it were to happen, could be one of the catalysts to push us up in the margin range as an example. So that's why there's a range there. But certainly, for 2023, we're bullish on how that plays out. And we've seen good overall referral volume. We were navigating throughout the year this recompete and reallocation of some of our other work to multiple competitors. But for the most part, that's settled out, maybe there's a little bit more of that to go. But I certainly look at the PACT Act case volume to be one of the areas that can drive growth for us in 2023.
Chris Cage: Bert, so a couple of things going on there. Obviously, we'll still see interest rates have been trending up, right? That'll be a little bit of a headwind as we look at the fourth quarter on the below-the-line item. Diluted share count, we're at 138 million, rounding down. There's a scenario where it could pop to $139 million and round up. So, that's kind of in play there. And we talked about the tax rate, right? So, taxes were a driver, the tax rate being higher than we expected at the end of the year. The team is working hard, as they always do, to minimize the tax expense. But I'd say it's more of the below-the-line items that are kind of in play there. I think, operationally, we feel solid about the trajectory of the business. 
Chris Cage: Those are the bigger ones. Obviously, the SSA, RHRP, we just talked a little about the PACT Act on the disability case volume and where that can play out. Aegis will have a full year of volume. So that's great. And you mentioned DES as well, right? So those are some of the ones that are kind of in the bag that will be growth catalysts. It's not a recent loss, but the NGA items, UFS contract, for example, we talked about that at the beginning of the year as a loss. We continue to execute on that for half the year through the third quarter. That'll fall out of the portfolio. So that's one of the headwinds that we'll have. But more recently, our recompete win rate has been quite strong. And so, feel good about that. And so, I can't think of another material downer that we'd have to overcome heading into 2023.
Chris Cage: I think that's one that I would say the best days are ahead of it as far as profitability goes, quite honestly. Revenue has settled into a nice range, team's done a great job, staffing levels are robust. And so, our team, DJ, our program manager, Steve Hall [ph] (51:27), our ops manager, have done an excellent job preparing that program for success. But I still would say, our expectations, our margins will continue to tick up. I don't think you should expect significant movements, but it should be a nice tailwind for us as we look ahead to 2023 and beyond.
Chris Cage: International. Mariana, I would say, well, obviously, Roger talked about Cobham extensively, very excited about that one. You know we've got a large presence in Australia just like we do in the UK. So certainly those would be areas that we're quite comfortable adding more capability on to. And then, internationally, NATO has been around customer of ours historically. We've done some excellent work for them, some challenging programs and some very successful programs. But I don't think you'll see a scattershot of other international beachheads. I think we'll be very selective where we have kind of a major muscle movement.  Obviously, our SES business does a lot of work internationally. So, that's one that if there's areas to complement their capabilities from a service delivery perspective, we'll look to do that. But right now, it's probably playing to our strengths. And I would say our strengths are our business in Australia and the UK is the top priorities. 
Chris Cage: We've been talking about M&A for quite some time. And first the footstall. We don't feel compelled to do a big M&A. We like the portfolio. We like the size, the scope and scale of the business. It's really opportunistic, and places where we can either add a new capability that complements an existing line of business, or we get access to a new customer.  The Cobham acquisition is really an example of a capability that we're very comfortable with. We actually fly the same type of aircraft, Challenger 650s and Dash 8s. So, really familiar with the hardware, but it allowed us to extend to a new customer in Australia that's really, really important to the country. Australia has literally thousands of miles of coastline. And really important that those are surveyed, and that they provide search and rescue services. And so, we saw that in combination with our existing footprint in Australia, to extend our business and to access a new customer base that we hadn't access before. So it's a perfect example of what we would look for.  But I will just put stop again. We're not in an aggressive posture on M&A. I think we're going to be opportunistic, as we go forward and execute on our book of business and deploy our cash in a way that creates value for our shareholders. 
Chris Cage: I feel like we're a shill for the Dynetics business, but the team will certainly talk in more detail at the end of November, December 1 on what some of those milestones look like. And so, Roger has just hit on it. We're excited that we have more than a handful to focus on, but we've got the right team executing against that. And there's some things where hopefully will be some additional contractual orders you'll see out of SES and maybe a low rate production order out of Dynetics. But, again, that site visit will give you an opportunity to dig deeper there.
