John P. Jumper: Thank you, Mark. As we move forward, SAIC is proud of its heritage as a technical solutions company. As such, we continue to be called upon by our customers for solutions to their most important and complex problems. Our people take their own talents for granted, but those of us who have been customers truly understand the asymmetrical advantage of focused scientific endeavor and have the deepest respect for those at SAIC who make it happen. We will be true to our DNA. We will keep our entrepreneurial spirit alive and will cling steadfastly to our core competencies: focused solutions, understanding the mission and knowing the customer. This new leadership team begins its journey with a comprehensive strategy and a 90-day schedule to develop a plan of execution. The strategy emphasizes national security, energy and environment, health and cybersecurity, with the agility to adjust to market realities, including the realities of budget and competitive pressures in the federal sector, while taking advantage of growing demand in energy, health, ISR and cybersecurity.  Our execution will focus on accelerating work already underway and to leverage our most effective solutions across the enterprise, developing specific steps to expand our solutions' DNA into adjacent higher-growth markets and to do it in ways that are recognizable and competitive and finally, to continue work on ensuring that our cost structure is aligned with the imperatives of more intense competition.  In closing, I'd like to emphasize once again that SAIC remains committed to the high standards of ethical behavior. While we move forward from the resolution of the CityTime matter and its effect on our fourth quarter results, the underlying performance of our company showed good results in a demanding market with strong execution on our most challenging programs.  Finally, to the 41,000 employees of SAIC, I couldn't be more proud of all of you who have stayed focused during challenging times for our company. We now stand at the threshold of a bright future, facing a world that needs your solutions more than ever before. Thank you. With that, we'll turn it back over for questions.
John P. Jumper: Well, I think as we look at -- look to the future, our emphasis is going to be how to build recognition and enough mass to be recognized in these adjacent markets. And I think we're going to start off that way as we put the plan together. With the benefit of 14 days on the job, that's about as far as I'm willing to go right now. But I do know that if we're going to be a factor in these adjacent markets, we do have to have the products and we have to have the size and the scope to be recognized, and that's what we're going to work on.
John P. Jumper: Jason, we're -- as you can imagine, we've been playing defense here for the month of March. And so we're just getting underway with this. We -- we're going to put together an execution plan, and we're going to work it, of course, with our Board of Directors. But this is work -- some of this work is already underway with regard to things that Mark and Stu have already mentioned. But we would -- there'll be more energy put in -- putting -- put into the things I also discussed with regard to adjacent markets. And this -- we don't have anything we can tell you now. Hopefully at the next call, we'll be able to put a little bit more color to it, but these are things that we're going to be working intensely here starting 1 April.
Mark W. Sopp: Sure. The margins are fairly simple, Mike. We expect relatively static margins, excluding the special items that I articulated. So this is in the range of 7.5% to 8%, broadly. And I think our relative success in the product area will largely dictate where we fall in that range. So not a lot of change from fiscal '12 and even fiscal '11 on an apples-to-apples basis, as I said earlier. The interest in the -- interest income, interest expense is pretty static, and that's -- no major change there. Tax rate is about 38.5% assumed for fiscal '13. That does not assume that Congress will pass the R&D tax credit. If they do, we'll probably pick up 75 basis points on the good side if that does occur. And those are the main pieces.
Mark W. Sopp: Thanks, Cai. Couple of thoughts there. We still believe that our minimum cash level needs to be around $500 million. And so as you well understand, we exited fiscal '12 with quite a bit of excess cash on that basis. We do want to think about possibly refinancing a lesser amount than the $550 million that comes due in July. But even when you consider a middle-of-the-road approach there, we would build cash to $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion in the year considering the dividend and the starting position coming in. And so that still means significant excess cash to be used for M&A and/or share repurchases as opportunities present themselves. And we're going to make those decisions, as we always have, on a quarterly basis based on what's in front of us in terms of visible M&A and what our view is with respect to the stock price vis-a-vis its intrinsic value.
Mark W. Sopp: Cai, Mark here. We, sitting here today, expect the quarterly progression of revenues and margins to be largely consistent with our historical norms, which is to say revenues would build and peak over the course of Q1 and Q2, peak in Q3 and probably fall off a little bit in Q4. And margins would tend to follow the same trend in terms of starting lower, peaking in Q3 and maybe a downtick in Q4. And so that's the best estimate we would have at this time.
Mark W. Sopp: Sure, Ed. The DSO at fiscal '12 year end was 69 days and was pretty much on par with the DSO of the prior year. In terms of the guidance for fiscal '13, we had a very good year in fiscal '12. We had some advance payments that doesn't really reflect in the DSO number, but we had advance payments of $75 million to $100 million in fiscal '12. That will tend to reverse course in fiscal '13. We want to build, and as we always do [ph] at this early stage, a little bit of hedge on days sales outstanding just due to the risk of timeliness of payment at year end. And so we'll consider modifying that as time goes on, but we start the year with conservative cash flow guidance, the main delta being the success on advance collections for work yet performed in fiscal '12, which will reverse course in fiscal '13.
Mark W. Sopp: Certainly, George. I'll get that one started at least. We certainly are expecting the ongoing challenging procurement environment we're seeing out of the government, so we're not expecting a turnaround there by any stretch. And we are cautious about what can happen toward the end of our fiscal year as the flood of sequestration enters into the equation. And so we have built in some conservatism in the guidance to reflect that point of view, at least at this stage. We have some revenue growth drivers for fiscal '12. I mentioned, with respect to Q4 but ongoing in fiscal '13, the Vanguard programs ramping up. We won the tires program, which is significantly expanded scope in fiscal '13. Stu and team, now Tony's team, won some ISR programs that are continuing to ramp up. Vitalize is doing great, as I said. And we are -- we have started some DesignBuild programs. So those are kind of the growth drivers as we look at fiscal '13. We also have some scheduled reductions. We have the finishing touches of the BCTM. That's about a $50 million headwind in the year. We have the BGS [ph] re-compete, which will be called GSM. And the timing of that could affect our revenues because that is a scope reduction. Part of that is going to go to small business, I believe. And we need to plan on reductions in some of the theater support, particularly the MRAP program. Those things all might offset each other. And so I think what will largely dictate our success in terms of the top side of the range will be winning new work. And that will include product orders in that area that I mentioned before but also how the $32 billion of outstanding awards is adjudicated. We're optimistic we can maintain a strong win rate. And how that gets awarded, when it gets awarded and its actual funding, I think, will largely dictate where we finish.
Mark W. Sopp: Yes, one remark, George, is that while we saw a significant increase in R&D for fiscal '12 over fiscal '11, we do expect that to flatten out in fiscal '13. And that's largely related to the timing of the development cycle for some of the products that Stu mentioned. So that won't be headwind from a spending perspective. We do expect to continue our ongoing cost savings initiatives across-the-board. I mentioned a few of them. We also have facilities consolidation that will continue. And so hopefully, that will provide some lift either in the margin category or in the need to increase investments as opportunities present themselves. The pricing pressure is there, and we see that as we enter into certain new contracts and certain new re-competes. The major offset for us which distinguishes us from at least our services peers is the products portfolio. And so those run at higher margins, as you all know, and we're optimistic we'll be successful there. I think Reveal has a very visible increase in their business volume this coming year. That gives us pretty steady state. And CloudShield, we'll have to see how time goes on. We'll keep you posted on that. But I think the major offset that we have with pricing pressure versus the peers is the product portfolio.
Mark W. Sopp: Okay. The buyback assumption is very nominal. We just use an assumption that we buy back an amount that's equal to the share creep, even though that is not our philosophy nor our criteria for making buybacks, but that's just keeps it simple. And we have significantly exceeded that in each of our post-IPO years in terms of repurchases. So it's a nominal amount, less than $100 million. That is baked in, in the guidance.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, I'll say that the guidance that I talked about in fiscal '12 is not an unreasonable position to take for the out-years at this time, but I'll tell you we're going to strive to hit that 8% to 9% range that we targeted. And we intend to do that through doubling down on technology and products and having that more than offset the pricing pressure we're seeing on the service side.
Mark W. Sopp: Couple of comments there, Brian. When we started the planning process back in the late fall, we typically have visibility out of backlog, which is important to understand how we define backlog when you understand this remark. But it -- normally, about 55% of our forward revenue is in backlog when we are in the planning stage, and that tends to bump up to maybe 65%, maybe even 70% when we start the fiscal year. So in essence, sitting here today, that's about how much visibility we have on our backlog definition, which you know excludes ID/IQ vehicles that -- for which we have not yet received specific task orders under, so we have a lot of capacity under there, under ID/IQs and tasking to fulfill the remainder. In terms of re-compete sort of business, sitting here today, we have about 7% of this year's revenues at stake for successful re-competes. And we are going to assume that we will win the lion's share of those. And so that translates to roughly $700 million to $800 million of revenue that we're counting on in a post-re-compete win scenario as part of fiscal '13 plan.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, thanks. First of all, the LPTA bids are not a new phenomenon and -- as we understand it -- we look at it. It really is a small percentage of our overarching business. If you think about maybe 30% of our core business is in what we call core as opposed to the high-growth areas, and a very, very small part of that is actually in LPTA kinds of bids. But the cost competitiveness goes on all the time. We continue to focus on our cost efficiencies to deal with the low price competitive bids. But through that, we've maintained our win rate. So although there is margin pressure, we've been able to offset it through differentiated offerings, more products, more solutions and continued cost efficiencies.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, George, this is Stu. If I could just add to that. If you look at our hundred $100 million opportunities that are included in that $32 million in outstanding submitted proposals, we have 55 different opportunities. 15 of those are definitely delivery contract awards, and 40 of them are ID/IQs with a total value of a little over $22 billion. So we have a lot of opportunity that's inside the pipeline right now that's already in submit, awaiting award.
K. Stuart Shea: I think we are experiencing continued delays. Every time we book a 6-month delay, we move it back to the right 3 months. Nothing ever moves to the left, but everything moves to the right. But I think we continue to see delays. I think we're very conservative in the view of when things will pop out. But even on top of that, we still think there's going to be delays beyond that.
K. Stuart Shea: One of the challenges we have is that we have such a broad portfolio to try to pick the right decision in M&A across that full portfolio, of course, is a challenge. We don't want to overpay. We want to do something that is both economically right and strategically right. And I think that the focus will be on whatever properties meet those objectives. Whether they be small, tiny, tuck-in appliqués or something larger, I think we'll look at it in the context of where we're going with the strategy, what makes economic sense and what is the current economic situation in terms of our capital position.
