Roger A. Krone: Thanks Ed and good morning. Yes although we didn’t see a big rush at the end of the fiscal year, I think we’ve seen steady progress in awards and usually we see quite a bit that stacks up kind of at the end of September, I think this year we’ve just seen them kind of rollout maybe four, six, eight weeks late, but still a fairly consistent and you’ve seen from us in the last week or two some announcements of some wins in the government sector one from NIH and one more in Lou Von Thaer’s business. And then on pricing we've all been doing this a long time, we always say when there is a downturn in the market we see pressure on pricing, but also in the upturn of the market I see pressure on pricing. There is always a value decision by our customer and we need to provide best value for those price tags we acceptable offers when we bid and I would tell you, I don’t think its any different than what we've seen in the past, but as I said in my remarks we continue to focus on affordability and making sure we provide best value to the customer.
Roger A. Krone: Well, we’re still seeing some bridges and extensions as programs of records are taking time to get through the PBBs system. I think overall if you asked for a trend, we would say the contracts are probably a little shorter and therefore probably the average duration our backlog is probably tightening up a little bit from where it has been historically and I think that’s really the customers look at the budget uncertainty and when we talk to senior level customers, they don’t want to tie-up a large part of their acquisition budget over the long-term, because they don’t see top line growth and they want more budget flexibility out in the future.
Roger A. Krone: I’m thinking. There are actually a list in the press release, I think of four or five that are in the press release.
Roger A. Krone: NATO is since the quarter, NIH is since the quarter and I’m looking at Mark we're just scratching our heads.
Roger A. Krone: And Cai appreciate your observation, people have asked me what are some of the positive surprises that you’ve had since come into Leidos. And one of those is the strong cash flow generation that we’ve demonstrated and so it’s a nice problem to have and you know our answer is we sit down with the board every quarter and we talk about cash flow and cash deployment and based upon those discussions we make decisions, what we are going to do with our cash. As you know we still have authorization from the board to buyback stock, you can probably guess we still have room on the debt side and we will be meeting with the board this quarter to have those discussions again.
Roger A. Krone: I think you’ll understand my answer is no I’m not going to give you a specific size or a piece of the business we are looking at. Although I’ll tell you is that we are not looking at changing the complexion of the company. Right, so we are very comfortable…
Roger A. Krone: In the markets where we currently play, we just want to make sure from a natural owners standpoint or does that fit our capital structure doest it fit our expectation on return and so I like to call portfolio tweaking. So these are smaller moves like the ones we completed in the quarter especially if the management attention is disproportionately higher than the return that we get from the business, it doesn’t make sense, I don’t want my team focus on some small businesses, because they are in more difficult markets and so we think it more of it’s a portfolio cleanup and then it is a major repositioning of Leidos.
Roger A. Krone: Joe, clearly that’s our component and I would love to be able to tell you that we are a single product company and therefore one move would solve our book-to-bill issues. We have a portfolio of businesses and we run from very complicated, very sophisticated front-end R&D all the way to service in O&M business. By the way a cost reduction and reduction in our overhead in G&A benefits us across the board, but its more important and what we call our GST or MSG business where we’re performing service work and those contracts tend to be lowest-price technically acceptable and its much harder to differentiate yourself based upon your technical capability in those marketplaces, those tend to be more cost sensitive. So but cost reduction being more efficient reducing layers getting our processes inline benefits all of our businesses, including those in the HES sector.
Roger A. Krone: Let’s see, we don’t guide below the government sector, but let me just pull off of my last comment and say I think people have viewed our company as a technical leader and our I think long-term competitive advantage is stronger where we have deeper technical content and by the way I think we find it less crowded there as well. As we move down into the services world we see a more crowded field and people who don’t have the R&D spend that we do. And I think if you could look at couple of layers in our organizations you would see our win rate commensurate with those comments.
Roger A. Krone: With respect to any individual components we're trying to get away from providing a lot of that but that business is not very different in size than its recent history, it has remained our most profitable business and while we have had this disappointing news from TSA we are very optimistic in the outlook of that business and of its team, they’ve been quite agile in expanding their products sales globally despite some of the downticks from Military sales and TSA’s pause. So feel good about that still with respect to Plainfield, as we've consistently articulated we had a pretty significant down time in Q2, we took advantage of that to make some investments, we believe those helped us although we did have a mechanical failure in Q3 we've since recovered from that, we did improve performance albeit its still a loss in Q3 and we're off to a good start performance wise in Q4 and I hope to continue that trend and move towards monetizing that asset as soon as possible.
Roger A. Krone: Great question. Of course it’s always a mix, there are a couple of bids that if they had occurred in the quarter they obviously would have overcome the book-to-bill. Yes, I think it is a mix, part of my concern is there were bids, I thought we would be more competitive on that I thought we should win and some of those happened in the quarter, but there is always sliding to the right in the government space, I mean that’s even in good times with peer review and some of the issues that you’ve got in the Pentagon with - you’re always expect some of that to move to the right, but I’d tell you it’s a balance between the two.
Roger A. Krone: Yes, I would remark and maybe reflect that the intelligence community is probably the most consistent, most solid, because of what's going on in the world today, there is a need for the products and services and capability that those agencies provide although they are subject to the overall reduction in the budget. Frankly, the committees of Congress that affect them tend to meet in secret. It was actually great bipartisan cooperation in [indiscernible] and they actually get work done which is a terrific thing and then that rolls back to the agencies and the agencies move forward with their procurements. I’ve remarked before is that of all the customers in the DoD government space we like the intelligence community and they have a mission and an urgent need and they continue to move forward their procurements and they’ve been a very solid customer for us. I’m very pleased that we have a large part of our portfolio in that space.
Roger A. Krone: Yes, let me talk to Plainfield for a second and Mark can follow-up. So you are asking me to predict what’s going to happen in Plainfield over the next quarter.
Roger A. Krone: That’s okay, Bill something I’ve been here for five months and I have found I’m yet unable to do that. We certainly have a scenario where we can get Plainfield to breakeven. We have a planned outage of five or six days to do some upgrades as we get Plainfield operating at its design capacity. I think our goal will be to breakeven. Again I’m trying not to forecast Plainfield. I think that’s at the top of the range. I could see as probably maybe missing that by a few million just given whether and our history in Plainfield is we just - we don’t operate three or four months without some infant mortality issue coming up to bite us which is, why we are being relatively conservative in our discussions with the Plainfield? The good news though and by the way I know you’ve heard a lot of our development and issues relative to the Plainfield I want to highlight the team that’s been working that Jim Moos and [indiscernible] that we have demonstrated our design capability, in fact we’ve exceeded it over an extended period of time, when we have our mechanicals right the plant has been running extremely well. You saw we took an impairment against the supply contracts and that’s because we really wanted to renegotiate the quality of the C&D that we’re burning. I think we’ve gotten our way through that and as an engineer and I’ve gotten a chance to go up to the plant and spend some considerable time there. It is an amazing design effort and it’s a fairly efficient biomass power plant and we get it running on all C&D and keep its reliability where it should be relative to design. It’s a fairly profitable operation going forward. Although as I also said owning and operating a biomass fuel plant for Leidos is just not something in our long-term vision. Mark.
Mark W. Sopp: Jason thanks. By the way it is an area that we are spending a lot of time both in Mike Pasqua’s area and Lou’s and I will tell you that Mike has hit the ground running and I think he is already making an impact. That being said we all know the time constant in this industry is months and in some acquisitions it’s year’s. That with the issues that we see on the hill it is going to take time. So 1.0 are better in the long-term is certainly what we aspire to, but to say that we are going to get there in the next quarter or the quarter after. I’d love to see it and we do have some large bids outstanding if we’re fortunate we win one of the big ones we could have a nice quarter, but the way to think about it from a run rate standpoint is we are still a quarter or two away from really being where we need to be externally focused on the customer and back winning our fair share.
Mark W. Sopp: Granted we’ve got our fair share of them recently. And sometimes external events like we had in the third quarter require us under the accounting rules to re-admire our outlook and sometimes that has the consequence of an impairment. So we do our annual testing in Q4, we’ve disclosed that, so that’s ahead of us. So I’ll point your attention to that, but we are just calling them as we see them each quarter and trying to focus on running the business as best we can.
Mark W. Sopp: And Bill nothing to on my part to add to Plainfield, but on security products our guidance does accommodate a full slip to the right for that Middle East order and given where we are in the quarter I would say that’s the most likely outcome and that’s why the guidance is set at such.
