Walt Havenstein: In closing, our prepared remarks today, I would say that, of course, I’m not satisfied that we did not meet our growth expectations. I would like to emphasize, however, that we saw improvement in our internal revenue growth and that we delivered our third consecutive quarter of healthy new bookings. Despite headwinds in our market, during quarter three, consistent program execution and favorable returns on fixed price contracts contributed to improved operating profit and double-digit earnings per share growth over the same period last year. We have a growing pipeline of new business opportunities and a backlog of submitted proposals awaiting decision, a solid financial position and a track record for generating cash flow. In the fourth quarter and in FY12 and beyond, we will leverage these and other strengths to pursue strategic growth efforts that should increase shareholder value on a long-term basis. Thank you. Regina, we are now ready to take questions.
Walt Havenstein: Well, I think from our perspective, the continual -- having a decision made, whether it’s a full year continuing resolution or whether it’s an omnibus appropriations or what have you, I think is a good sign for everybody because it allows our customers to be a little more precise in knowing what they’re going to be able to do. So getting a decision made, no matter what the bill says, is going to be fundamental. I think in the context of continuing resolutions, we don’t have a significant number of new starts and by the way, the continuing resolutions should be able to accommodate, depending on how the Congress writes the continuing resolutions, could accommodate new starts as well. So from my perspective, I think assuming the continued resolution is at or near the budget requested. I don’t see a significant impact in the forecast that we’ve just given you.Jeremy Devaney – BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thank you for the response.
Walt Havenstein: I think we’ve been pretty consistent in that regard and I think the -- in that we will take a balanced approach and where we see opportunities on the acquisition front and they come and go, I would tell you right now, that if there’s opportunities on the acquisition front that will allow us to buy a bolt-on acquisition to bill a technology or capability gap, or allow us to expand a market access that will accelerate organic growth, then we’re going to take advantage of it. We’ll take advantage of that in the context that it is a good investment relative to other investments for that capital and so -- and I think if you look at our track record over the last 12 months, 12, 14 months, we’ve had a fairly balanced view of that and that if we’re not going to deploy it in acquisitions and we prefer to use that capital to buyback stock and I don’t think that’s we would say anything differently from that today.
Walt Havenstein: Not sure I follow the last part of that, Cai. But we could see a little pickup in SG&A in the fourth quarter. I would point out that much of the investments we’re making are actually in the overhead category, which is in the gross margin. So it’s not entirely in SG&A.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen and Company: Okay.
Walt Havenstein: We expect to end the year this fiscal year with a book-to-bill of $1.1 and it’s probably a little too early to give you specifics around how we see book-to-bill for the next fiscal year, but as we finish this fiscal year we’ll make sure the next call we give you a snapshot of that.
Walt Havenstein: The answer is yeah and yeah, and I would simply say that we similarly are being more aggressive in the context of reducing costs, so that we can be more cost competitive across the board. And I think the proof is in the pudding in that our competitive win rate is still above 60% and if we can maintain that, which we have every intention of doing, it will reflect that we’ve taken a proper action on our cost to enable to be price competitive and continue to invest in the differentiators that where cost is not the primary concern but the specific solution is then we think we’ll continue to be successful.
Walt Havenstein: Sure, Ed. We have two meaningful sized properties that are in negotiation at this time. They’re certainly not closed but they are on track to have a reasonably good chance of closing in the near-term. One is on the East Coast, one’s on the West Coast and hopefully we’ll get those done. The larger project on the McLean campus which concerns redevelopments associated with the metro and so forth is a few years out. But nonetheless, getting a lot of attention including the appropriate zoning to make the property more valuable for that purpose.
Walt Havenstein: The guidance I provided at the Analyst Day still holds, so the answer is yeah, though property’s cost basis is substantially below the fair market value and we’ll want to be flexible with how we use the gains should they occur with respect to reinvestments or other purposes.
Walt Havenstein: Sure, Tim. The broad overview, some of this is repeated from Cai’s question, lack of repeat of some of the favorable items in the third quarter. We do have some product revenue fall off in the fourth quarter and we do expect an uptick on SG&A, particularly R&D in the fourth quarter. Not huge amounts but some negative effects there. And as always you have holidays and vacations that affect labor utilization and so, we want to be cautious there. We certainly think it’s possible to do better than the implied range on the margin but I think it’s prudent to be cautious at this point and hopefully we’ll finish strong.
Walt Havenstein: I was explicit in saying we don’t expect any major shifts in our cash flow model i.e. working capital sources or uses. So you should generally expect our historical experience once you derive your income statement model when you’re providing a floor, you want to be conservative, so that’s what I did. As you might have heard, the government is increasingly interested in giving contractors in the form of withholds and they have increasingly passed regulation to do so. So I’m cautious on that regard but hopefully we will successfully navigate through that and continue the strong cash flow experience we’ve had.
Walt Havenstein: I think you should be thinking about it in that context but keep in mind, the acquisition cycle time is longer and so we aren’t yet seeing the full benefit of those investments. And the fact that our funded or excuse me our submitted bids has increased so much is the only evidence of that investment, our expectation is we’re going to win our fair share and our fair share is north of 60% and so we’ll expect to see those awards at some point. But we’ve been continually disappointed in the government’s ability to get those contracts awarded. And I’ve got to tell you, we’ve also put an awful lot of effort in over the year to make the overall bid process in the enterprise much more efficient and effective, focusing much more deliberately on and frankly earlier on these acquisitions and so you’re seeing some of the results of that. So how much we bid versus how much we submit and how much we spend to submitted is getting better year-over-year.
Walt Havenstein: Thank you, [Regina]. And on behalf of the SAIC team we want to thank everybody on the call today for their participation and their interest in the company. This concludes our call for today. Thank you everyone. Thanks, Paul. Thank you.
Mark Sopp: Certainly, Jason. I wouldn’t consider any of these one-time in particular, but the elements are there. So we had about 60 basis points of contribution from recovery of costs, cost reimbursable contracts, arguably some of that is catch-up from prior quarters which you typically see contractors do in the second half of the year, once they have a clearer view of how they’ll finish the year. The NRC matter was relatively minor, I call it 10 basis points, but we’re certainly pleased to see a favorable outcome as we believed all along on that front. The milestone fee was considerable but it was also offset by some lineups we had in the prior years, so that’s kind of a push. So you’re talking 60, 70 basis points of things of that nature but the base was strong as you can see, as well, with strong performance across our program base.
Mark Sopp: I think it’s pretty hard to predict, first of all, Cai. I think we’re still bidding an awful lot of acquisitions right now. So my guess is we’re going to continue to grow that. We’re going to continue to work to grow that submittal undecided bids until we see -- we have clear evidence that that backlog is actually breaking. And frankly, our -- I’ve got to tell you t only thing that gives me some degree of optimism and I’m a pretty optimistic guy is the fact that if we hadn’t done this a year ago, if we hadn’t had made those conscious decisions to continue to invest, we’d be in a lot different position now.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen and Company: Okay.
Mark Sopp: Rica, Mark here. The big three for us, you know we’re not very concentrated in terms of singular program lift, but we do have our large this recompete, new name is GSM, old name is DGS and before that GIG-BE. We talked about that in each of the calls recently. That’s our largest program in terms of annual revenues but still not in excess of 3% of revenues. The last piece of the NASA UNITeS recompete if you will which is broken into four parts is expected next year. That’s call NICS, N I C S and then DHS EAGLE which is an IDIQ contract is also scheduled for recompete. So those are the biggest three although there are numerous others. Overall, the revenue on which we’re counting that is subject to recompete is not abnormal to our previous years.
Mark Sopp: We’ll disclose the investment in our 10-K, not a huge amount and the revenue contribution next year is nominal.
Mark Sopp: And Eric I would just point out in addition to Walt’s points which are appropriate. Is we are spending more effort in a longer lead time for bids to occur in the future, capture process is starting earlier to improve our probability of win and those costs are not captured in the B&P category until the actual bid is on the Street. So the B&P doesn’t necessarily track with the level of investment to grow our pipeline.Eric Leeper – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful.
Mark Sopp: I really don’t have anything more to add from my earlier response, Bill. So I’ll leave that as it was.
Mark Sopp: That is the -- that is how we provide guidance. So we don’t have our future earning, well, it doesn’t affect the margin question to begin with, right, but…
Mark Sopp: But the answer is no, we’re not counting on big repurchases in the fourth quarter. Those are not reflected in the guidance.
Mark Sopp: In general, we expect the margin progression to generally track in fiscal ‘12 as it has historically, although there is some years where there have been exceptions but we do expect to grow sequentially for the most part during fiscal ‘12 and we do expect to improve margins sequentially in accordance with that. The product shipments should generally be more backend weighted although not a huge shift for next fiscal year, so we do intend to migrate north on the margin front, consistent with the guidance. Fairly equally weighted in terms of a bell curve on the margin front for next fiscal year, quarter-to-quarter.
