Jim Reagan: Cai, this is Jim. Right now we expect the impact of Brexit on revenue to be immaterial. There is a slight downward impact, but that’s been offset by some other positive impact elsewhere in the business which give us a kind of a new cool view of those two items combined. It is probably also worth saying that there will be no impact on the profitability of the program relative to Brexit because we have done a good job of matching the revenues and costs of that program to both being the UK currency. 
Jim Reagan: Sure. I think as we’ve said before, we still think of this business and expect this business over the longer term not just inter quarter but over the longer term there still be an 8%. When we talk about contract mix, I think we’ve said previously that UK contract has a lower than average margin and as that ramped up it has put a bit of a dampening effect on our overall margin.  I think that there is a bigger impact when you think of this year-over-year Cai, and if you go back a year, the second quarter of last year had some pretty significant program write-ups that did not occur in the second quarter of this year. Now that said, we normally see some of those upticks that happened from award fees and EAC adjustments, they typically happened in the third and first quarter of the year and so we’re still thinking about the profitability of the segment being pretty consistent with what we’ve said before. 
Jim Reagan: Sure. In our last call I think we mentioned that we’ve made a few changes in management both at the division management level, that’s working out very well for us and we’ve also back early in the year we’ve brought in a new sales lead. We have experienced a nice uptick in sales activity in commercial health and there’s also been some margin expansion there. So we’re pleased with how things are going there and the new leadership and new product offerings that were incubating in that business we feel very good about.
Jim Reagan: Sure. Let me start with the Health and Infrastructure Group, again organic growth there 23%. We said its broad based and that’s a fact. The Defense Health business, the GENESIS program which used to be known as dim sum is actually experienced some contract amendments on past quarter number one. So the volume there is a little bit higher than we might have thought six months ago.  I would also tell you that the performance of the program is in line with expectations from a margin perspective. There’s probably a tangible impact on the commercial health business from now we’re conducting one of the largest if not the largest EHR implementation that there is with the Defense Health Program and that helps give us a little of an additional swagger in the commercial health business, and the margins are expanding there nicely as well.  I would say that the engineering part of the business, it’s performing nicely, about on expectations. I think that really what we’re seeing the biggest updraft in that segment is on both commercial and the US government health business. 
Jim Reagan: Yeah, so if you back to looking at our collection pattern, I should say our seasonality on cash flow in 2015 and even back to 2014, you will see that there was a much more significant uptick in seasonality in cash flow in Q3 and Q4. You saw it last year, we are expecting to see it again this year, maybe not to the same - if you look at our guidance number, we’re not going to have the same influx of cash in the second half of this year like we saw last year, but we’re still expecting it to have - we’re going have a nice ratio of cash from operations to net income over [1.0X].
Jim Reagan: I’ll just amplify on that with one additional point, we really did see a significant uptick in RPs we were responding to with strong qualifications in Q2 Rob. And our win rates are holding up consistent with what our plan is, and so with additional volume and holding on to the win rates and the different elements of our bid pipeline that underpins the confidence you’ve heard from me and from Roger. 
Jim Reagan: Sure. Relative to the contract performances Roger mentioned Bill the contracts’ performing well, margin generation is as expected for the current phase of the contract which has a fairly significant level of pass-through cost which deny of - because they are direct pass-throughs they don’t have a markup on them. But we still have to book the revenue on it, right.  As the contract moves in to the next phase and we’re actually beginning to increase the volume of what we’re buying on behalf of the customer, that’s when the opportunities to earn some incentive fees relative to what we are saving for the customer, we are able to start to recognize those at higher levels which we are expecting to really kick in more next year than they are this year.  And then the last thing that I would say is that, our strategy for the bidding and standup of this contract is make decent margin on this contract and then look to expand our presence in this kind of work, not just in the UK but elsewhere, and so we’re viewing this as being a great place to plant the flag for commodities and logistic services in that part of the world and so far this is a very referenceable customer and we’re performing well and we’re meeting our financial objectives. 
Jim Reagan: Right now the new financing is coming at an average just a hair over 3%. So there’s two things that have happened since we previewed the financing back in January. One, as we’ve negotiated the final financing, we negotiated better credit spreads than we had originally modeled and then the second thing is that, we had a conservative view of meaning a higher view of where the LIBOR base rate was going to be, and those upticks haven’t happened.  And the last point that I would make is that we’re now modeling and expecting to lock in a significant part of the new debt at a fixed rate using derivatives that are priced very attractively in the market today. So we’re looking at a strategy that takes a lot of risk up up-drafting floating rates out, but also takes advantage of a very favorable interest rate and swap market today. 
Jim Reagan: Yeah for the incremental debt I would call it maybe about a 3.2, 3.1. And we’ll have more to talk about that on the 1 of August Bill. 
Jim Reagan: Yeah and Bill I’m sure you realize that we have - our program in the UK is a very long term program and therefore it’s a nice numbering backlog, and any small change in the pound sterling here has sort of a whipsaw affect. And we think it’s important for you all to understand the effect of the movement in the pound sterling, which one might argue overtime is likely to go both up and down and rather than try to explain how we lost a 177 million backlog due to performance, we’re going to make sure that there is strong visibility that that’s a pounds sterling backlog that’s adjusted due to a currency change. 
Jim Reagan: I think Toby it’s safe to say that we do a very significant amount of cyber and cyber related work for our customers and the details around that, I think they probably prefer we not get in to too much of it. I would tell you also that, we consider that business to be very strong, very successful with plenty of historic and future growth ahead of it. And we’re just not in the habit of commenting on individual contracts or individual operation results within the quarter. So obviously we did that.
Jim Reagan: Yeah, it will be much smaller. So think of it as being a 1 percentage point downtick in our effective tax rate in the second half of the year Amit. 
Roger Krone: Hey Cai, this is Roger, let me just add to Jim’s comment is that by exiting businesses that are not in our long term future, plain field, the heavy design build, one of the great things about that is the management team now can refocus on those businesses that are part of our core and your plain field consumed a lot of calories for us and design build as well and now that those are behind us the team has really been able to focus on the environmental business the energy business and the health business and we’ve seen a nice turnaround as a result. 
Roger Krone: Well Rob I think that they really are who they are. We’d seen some expansion in the volume of the GENESIS program, we are seeing a nice uptick in the Commercial Health business as I mentioned. And this is also giving us some additional interest in the agencies such as the VA, where we already have our presence and we going to be looking at an expanded presence, and when we have our investor day on August 1, we’re going to talk a lot of more of that how our existing strength in both elements of our health business combined with the qualification that comes over from IS and GS in other elements of the health business particularly at CMS, we’re going to have a lot of conversation about what that means for the combined business.
Roger Krone: Yeah. We’ve always been a bit seasonal with third quarter being our strongest. And as we kind of look at our pipeline and our book-to-bill that’s what we are expecting this year as well. So obviously we want to continue to grow and so we’re pushing the team for that number to be north of one. 
Roger Krone: Let me talk to you a little bit about what’s going on in the contract and I’ll have Jim touch on the numbers. First, we were just there. We had our leadership team over in the UK last week and we went to Downingtown which is near Telford which is the big fulfillment center. It’s kind of like the equivalent of the DoA here, and we looked at the legacy buildings which is where the current fulfillment of commodity supply is done for the MoD and we visited what we called a new Defense Fulfillment Center think about as about a million square foot warehouse that we are building on behalf of the MoD and there’s a roof and a floor and we’re putting in roads and we will put the first material in that new warehouse in December.  So that is essentially on track given where we started the program really about a year ago. I think we actuate authority to proceed last August. So we’re really pleased with the progress we’ve already seen significant increases in efficiency and throughput by way of some things we care about like loss per day case rates and accidents and things like that are significantly down. We’ve got a great relationship with the UK customer. I’m on a strategy board and I go over four times a year and we sit down with the three star in MoD who is responsible for defense fulfillment.  So, so far everything is on track and we will be moving material from their legacy warehouse complex to their new starting in December and by this time next summer we should have the warehouse fully stocked, we’ll have our new software installed and we’ll be driving efficiencies in to the program.  With that I’ll let Jim talk about where we are in the numbers. 
Roger Krone: I would just add to that very quickly Jim and Bill as in discussions we have with the UK customer, again because I think of the performance that our team has demonstrated, they are contemplating could they add more classes of commodities to our contract and we hope that that will eventually happen. We’ve actually told them we’d like to get the warehouse complete and get our new software installed and get our systems up and running. But we think there is opportunity and relatively near term to add what we would call over in the US, additional classes of spares to the contract which would allow us to expand the topline and therefore the bottom line. 
Roger Krone: Well you know Ed, I think we’ve been saying for a couple of quarters that we have noticed the pendulum starting to swing away from LPTA, and I would comment, I think we still see it swinging, but I would also play-out that there are still some pockets of very, very aggressive lowest bidder cost shootouts that we see in the market place. And we said this before, whether it’s a declared LPTA or an it’s a best value, price is always a factor in procurement.  And one of the reasons that we are so thrilled about the IS and GS merger is what we think it can do for us relative to reducing our [REPO] rates and being able to spread our corporate office cost over a larger direct labor base, because every customer we’ve got, they’ve got budget problems at their end, whether you’re a hospital or you’re in the IC or you’re an investor owned utility, and everybody has some sensitivity to price.  We are seeing agencies that were almost exclusively LPTA having a better mix of LPTA and cost plus and best value, but we think for the long haul, cost, price and affordability is going to be a major factor. So we’re excited about the merger and the consolidation what we think we can do for our, what we call our [RAP] rates.
Roger Krone: Yeah, there is - in the early phases of the contract, Ed there are some licensed purchases. There are some equipment purchases, there is an element of additional work that our large software partner is going to have, and then later in the contract there is also some pass-through of sub-contract work on change management and the actual training and implementation work done in the care facilities.  All of those are a part of the cost model on which fee is borne. So we are expecting a relatively consistent - on this contract in particular a relatively consistent [product] margin through the life of the contract. And so that said, there are some significant pass-through elements, different kinds of pass-through early in the contract compared to later in the contract. But a contract of this size, you’re going to need a lot of partners to do the different elements of the statement of work.
Roger Krone: Sure Ed. The point of using constant currency is to ensure that we have visibility on the performance of bookings in todays’ dollar versus revenue in today’s dollars. And to the extent that there is a booking in a prior year that the value which has been impacted by changes in exchange rates we isolate that and that’s the 177 million that I alluded to.  So, as we’re looking to show that the activity of today’s awards are growing backlog that’s why we calculate book-to-bill on a constant currency basis excluding the upward or downward shifts in backlog because of currency issues. 
Roger Krone: Yeah, I think we can talk a little bit. Again when we were over in the UK last week, we met with customers and government officials and think tanks. But I don’t report to be the expert on Brexit, and when I do get a change to do is to talk to a series of people thought they were.  And I think the first answer is, I’m not sure everybody really understands what the long term effect will be. I think some trends that we walked away with is, there are going to be more borders than there were, and we’re in the airport security, border security business, so we like that.  I think the relationship between the US and the UK is going to be one that continues to be strong, and I think that bodes well for us in both ways and our work in the UK is done with mostly UK nationals. So we have a very few ex-pats. We tend to take a couple of dozen people over and get a program started. But because of the type of work we do, very people driven, we hire the majority of our folks locally and do work in country.  Don’t think of us as an exporter, think of us as a solution provider. And so we are encouraged by the climate in the UK that we saw. They’ve got the same issues we have over here. They have defense health, national health issues, air traffic control, logistics, all the things that we have been successful here in the US, we see the market in the UK being equally as robust. And with anything I think the playing field just becomes even more leveled.  There isn’t necessarily a preference for EU and so therefore it is one of the countries that’s in the new latest model that you will set up with the country leadership and country manager, and we expect to be there for the long term and we expect to see organic growth. 
Roger Krone: We don’t often say a whole lot, and I kind of like that posture. I think I like to say it this way is, you can read in the press, the comments that are made by the President and by Mike Rogers and others about what they are doing. But then I think if you understand the model of that agency is, they depend on our contractor base to provide tremendous amount of support and we like to support our customers and we bend over backwards to provide them the capabilities they need to do their job.  And so if you perceive there is a heightened level of activity coming out of those agencies then that should be a positive development for all of the contractors who are supporting us putting them on a day to day basis and its part of our portfolio. I think it’s a role that we’re are very proud of and frankly we are very pleased that customers like that call on like us to provide them people, analytical support through our products and services. 
Roger Krone: That’s a precise question, I’m looking to Jim to say, quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year. I think we would say this way, it continues to be a strong part of our portfolio, and we’d expect it to continue to be a strong part of our portfolio over the long haul. And a specific number I’ll let Jim try to answer that one. I’m not sure I have quite that much insight. 
Roger Krone: Let me talk a little bit and then Jim can add. We were added to the T4 IDIQ in the period, which is exciting, but I actually think that Lockheed had a T4 as well. So it’s one of those where we think we both are going have a T4. Our Leidos business in the VA has been aspirational. The Lockheed business at the VA is more significant, and as much as I would love to be able to give you a complete [swoop] in its rundown of the Lockheed business at the VA, it’s a little premature for me to do that.  But I know over the long haul Lockheed has been very, very successful in a couple of aspects, run through an organization called QTC through an organization that’s called Solutions Made Simple that they have and some of their base contracts. And we’re just looking forward to getting our defense, military government health teams together and start to think about our strategy and our growth plans going forward. 
Roger Krone: What I would you of is it, at the beginning of the year our guidance included an assumption of 200 million of revenue for the designed build business it’s been divested. And as you recall, we had a 5.1 billion to 5.3 billion revenue range at the beginning of the year. When we announced the divestiture, we did not at that time reduce our revenue guidance range because we felt that even after the divestiture we were going to fall squarely in that band.  And now that the divestiture is done and we’re half way through the year, we thought it was appropriate to narrow the range and taking a 100 million out of our model and then having a few upticks on other areas allowed us to come squarely at a new guidance number that we just announced of 5.1 to 5.2. So I think that answers your question on the topline.  On the bottom line the exclusion of that business taking that out has no impact on the prior year or current year EPS assumption because after absorption of indirect cost that business didn’t have a material profit impact for us. The one thing I would remind you of though is that when you take the prior year revenue out of the health and infrastructure business, our second quarter organic growth rate for that business is about 23%. 
Roger Krone: Both of those contracts are pretty complex and we’re not in a habit of getting in to granular detail about that. But both of those contracts we have elements of fixed price, elements of cost type, elements of award fee and I think that it is safe to say that those mix changes - as I mentioned earlier in the call, the mix changes in scope and contract type on different elements of the task for the UK contract actually gives us a little more profit margin and profit margin upside later in the contract. It should be relatively consistent on a margin basis over the life of the DHA GENESIS contract. 
Roger Krone: Michael let met draw a very bright line. So after the deal closes I’ll be happy to talk to you about IS and GS, but until the deal closes if you have interest in IS and GS I recommend you call our Bruce Tanner and Marilyn because we just don’t have that kind of an insight in to their business and I don’t think it’s appropriate for me to comment on Lockheed.  But on our business, what typically happens under a CR, procurement activity slows, we see contract extensions, additional task orders written on IDIQs, and that has two affects which I thought we covered pretty well today is, our existing contracts are extended at their current terms, which are often may be more favorable than what you see in their re-competes.  However the book-to-bill becomes a little tepid because instead of getting a two year order you get a two month task order and where we had intended to see a new contract, we just see an extension and our book-to-bill comes down a little bit.  And kind of whether that’s a little bit of what we saw in this quarter and although we still as we said before expect to be above 1.0, an extended CR could slow down awards in the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year depending upon how long it lasts. But overall, the level of spending and the procurement activities that are in our pipeline, we don’t see them overall negatively affected by our CR. Because frankly the world has gotten quite complicated and here we see that in the press every day and as a result many of our customers are spending money as a result of again headline activity. Unfortunately that we all read daily.  So there’s work to be done and they’re finding ways to get contracts awarded and current contracts extended and so my comment was, we don’t see a long term affect from the CR this year. 
Robert Spingarn: I wanted to ask a couple of questions starting with the organic growth in the Health and Infrastructure segment, what you had there.
Robert Spingarn: Yeah a little more color on the organic performance there. I guess you ticked the divestiture out, I just wondered if there is anything else or if it’s just a clean number and what the underlying performance is there Jim. And then I also wanted to ask about the collections that you spoke of in the release a little bit of timing on the working capital. 
Robert Spingarn: Well just as you’re mentioning it Jim or Roger, when will that swagger begin to convert in to some more opportunities or into some more contracts in either the commercial world or elsewhere in the government. 
Tobey Sommer: Along those same lines in the UK, I know its early days, but could you comment about Brexit in kind of the longer term opportunities in the UK to extend your business. 
Tobey Sommer: Just wondering if you can give us a comment on your business in the cyber arena with US cyber command in particularly more publicly active. Thanks. 
Tobey Sommer: Last question from me, could you comment on the opportunity at the VA and how you think that might develop over kind of a mid to long term. Thanks. 
