John P. Jumper: I'd like to conclude my comments by reminding everyone that SAIC will hold its annual meeting of stockholders at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time on June 15, 2012, at the SAIC Conference Center, 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia. Also, as announced last quarter, SAIC paid a $0.12 per share dividend on April 30, 2012. The Board of Directors will meet on June 15, at which time they will address the next quarterly dividend payment. With that said, we'll turn it back over to Deanna for questions.
John P. Jumper: I think we feel pretty good about -- this is John. I think we feel pretty good about it right now. As we head into the end of the year, we've got not only sequestration and continuing resolution, but we got debt ceiling all coming to a head at about the same time. So there's no doubt there's going to be some dynamics associated with this. But so far so good. And of course, one of the outcomes of a continuing resolution is it keeps us going at current rates, although we are, as Stu said, experiencing the attendant delays in decision making, which I think those delays in decision making I expect to accelerate toward the end of the year as people try to obligate the funds that they do have.
John P. Jumper: Well, we've been through a very thorough review. And of course, we -- we haven’t talked to the board about any of this yet. So there's nothing we can talk to. But we've looked end to end at the whole business, and we'll be rolling it out to the board and we'll be talking to you as soon as we can after the board has a chance to deliberate what we present to them.
John P. Jumper: On the first part, the board meeting next month is in the middle of the month. And we'll be laying out an execution plan to the board, and we expect this to be the subject of lively discussions. So it's hard to say. This is a very independent board that we have. It's hard to say how long the deliberation -- their deliberation will take. But we are anxious to get moving. So we'll be to you as soon as we have something we can talk about to you. So I can't give you a date because the board has got to go through their process as we have gone through ours.
Mark W. Sopp: George, Mark here. Thanks for the question. I would say we have seen a pretty flat level of activity in contracts for our first quarter, which ended April 30. We did not see him a noticeable change in the month of April, at least for us, for all contract activity. But we'd also say, at least compared to last year, the funding environment is more stable. We don't have the continuing resolutions going back and forth this fiscal year. So we're pleased to see that. And we see customers funding the business in a pretty healthy basis and consistent, albeit in shorter and smaller increments than the good, old days. But nonetheless, across our contract base, pretty healthy at this time.
Mark W. Sopp: Well, the mix in the strategic growth areas is 55% to almost 60%. As we finish up this fiscal year, I think we will be closer to that 60% with the higher growth we're seeing in that area. So this is what we would have expected when we started laying out our strategic growth strategy a couple of years ago. And in general, the margins are more attractive in this area for a variety of reasons. There’s some higher technology involved on one hand, but there's also more of our products in the strategic growth areas and also a little bit more fixed price mix as well. So those are all factors that I think are favorable with respect to that part of the business. That said, this is the area where we're investing. IR&D, which you saw go up substantially last year and will continue to be strong this year, and the M&A side as well, that's where you'll see all of our focus.
Mark W. Sopp: I think the salient points on our capital structure, capital deployment is we've initiated a very meaningful dividend, and that's our first priority for capital deployment, with roughly 1/3 of our annual free cash flow, if you will. The remaining 2/3 is up for grabs for M&A and repurchases as opportunities are presented to us. And I'd say we have a bias toward growth and, therefore, M&A. But stars have to line up on the M&A front. You have to have strategic fit, you have to have cultural fit and you have to have economic attractiveness, which, sitting here at $10, $11, the hurdle rate from M&A becomes a little bit more challenging, appropriately, vis-à-vis repurchases. So we evaluate that continuously, and a lot depends on what opportunities are available to us in the M&A pipeline and from those things that kind of dictates our overall capital structure.
Mark W. Sopp: Joe, Mark Sopp here. About 1/3 of that segment is not in the strategic or higher-growth areas. And this is our federal civilian business primarily. And we saw some contraction there in the quarter, as I mentioned in my remarks. But the Energy business, the Health business and the security products is clearly the part that we're very excited about in the strategic growth area, and we expect good results on the growth side and, over the long term, the profitability side all of those areas, which has historically been very strong for us.
Mark W. Sopp: I would say that it was -- it contracted in the minus 5% to minus 10% in the first quarter, and that was largely concentrated by, as I said, in the fed health and in the civil -- fed civ areas. I would say the fed civ, we probably expect to see more of the same foreseeably, whereas on the federal health side, we're more optimistic. We lost a little business, and we've had some delays, but we have a strong pipeline and a strong team that has a lot of activity in the business development phase that we hope will bring, if not lower contraction, perhaps even growth for the longer term for that area of the business.
Mark W. Sopp: I would say it needs to be at least in the single-digit growth area. 10% might be strong in this environment, and it's very hard to predict what's going to happen in our fourth quarter and the governments first fiscal next year when a lot of things are happening. So the funding could be interesting in the December, January, February time frame. But we really need to keep pace over a given period of time for -- in the positive territory on funded backlog growth. And it's -- it'll be much to expect more than 5%, but we're certainly going to target to do so.
Mark W. Sopp: Cai, this is Mark on the capital structure question. Let me apologize as my earlier remarks we're not clear. But given what we are discussing with the strategic review, I don't believe it's appropriate to issue public debt until we complete that process. And that is why my current plan is to pay that down on July 1. But that is not to say that we will not have a leverage level that is either consistent with our past or even more -- a bit -- more aggressive than our past in light of what that strategy beholds. And so as I try to say, once we have laid out our strategy, we will remark then on our targeted capital structure to support what that strategy is. And I would expect that will involve putting some of that leverage back on the balance sheet that we're paying off on July 1 to get to leverage levels that you would accept for a company that has a predictable cash flow that we have to undertake.
Mark W. Sopp: The Vanguard program will ramp up, I think, in each of our 4 quarters this fiscal year and then plateau off at that point in time, whereas tires, I think, will probably ramp in or finish ramping in Q3 and then level off at that point.
Mark W. Sopp: Sure. For the Health, Energy and Civil Solutions segment, we expect margins in the 8% to 9% range for a couple of quarter period of time or a full year fiscal basis. The reason why it was down in the first quarter was, I said we are undertaking some investment in our health and energy area, and we did have some write-downs on a few contracts in the first quarter that we don't normally see and I don't expect to recur. So those are the primary reasons there. On the intelligence group, I'd also say the margins would be in the 8% to 9% range, and we were south of that in the first quarter. Very heavy investments in bid and proposal costs and, to a lesser degree, IR&D for the first quarter. And also, they had, as I said, strong product sales in the first quarter of last year. While there were some this quarter, they weren't as high this quarter and in the first quarter. And so that depressed them a little bit on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But we expect that group to be solidly in the 8% to 9% range for a year or several quarters when you add them up.
Mark W. Sopp: I would say that the strategic growth areas are more toward the middle range of single digits. So they're collectively doing 5%, 6-ish for the year. And otherwise, I think your math is correct.
Mark W. Sopp: I would say, Mike, that this year, I would expect a little south of that. And the reason for that is what I would call primarily related to some of the investments we're making to improve the business to include the corporate move and some other things we're working on to include the strategic review, and things like that. So I would say that when you look at the pure contribution of the groups, then it would be consistent with your number. And I would think that would be a fair number that we'll use going forward. But this year, in light of the investments we're making, I expect that we'll be south of that. But important to understand that they are nonrecurring in nature in terms of those investments.
Mark W. Sopp: That would be our execution. We're counting on a pretty big Q3. We certainly have the pipeline to do that. And to John Jumper's remarks, hopefully, the government will be in the mode of spending their obligated funds before the fiscal year's done.
Mark W. Sopp: Let me correct first, we did not have double-digit growth in those areas in the first quarter. So that being said, the businesses are still performing well for us. VACIS is more mature, I would say, and is continuing to perform very well, particularly with respect to profitability, and is on track for its plan this fiscal year. And as has often happened, there's more sales in the back half of the year than the front half. So that's not unusual. As for Reveal, we're expecting good things this year. We're expecting growth that's in excess of 20%. And we're expecting to perform well on profitability side there as well. And that part is also back-end loaded but nonetheless quite secure and visible, and we attribute that to our CT-80 modernized fleet that's hitting the market through the Transportation Security Agency and, hopefully, elsewhere in the future.
Mark W. Sopp: The contract write-downs we had in this segment were focused in the -- in some of our energy projects. And we're at the early stages of some of those projects where we had a few technical issues, some of which were out of our control. I can only say that we have a strong team that is very focused on those issues. And we're confident that they are remediated and will not be recurring in nature. And that's a very specialized area that really has nothing to do with the defense and the IT part of our operations.
K. Stuart Shea: Yes, Jason, this is Stu. We are comfortable with that. That's our plan going forward. I think we saw some delays in some of the awards, but I think given the pipeline that we have that's under review right now and the pace at which we're submitting and expect decisions, I think we're all comfortable with the 1.1.
K. Stuart Shea: And there's a strong complement of those programs that are non-ID/IQ, that we expect the standard contracts to be fully funded.
K. Stuart Shea: Well, first of all -- this is Stu. We're -- it's not that we're not investing. I think it's an appropriate allocation between the high-growth markets and the slower-growth markets. And I think there's a lot of benefit to those businesses in the context of other -- or as we look at the strategy and the strategic review that John mentioned before, we really have to think about the linkages between those various programs, solutions, services and the nature of the contracting environments and the customer intimacy that we have. And all that kind of comes to a head in the context of the strategy because some things are slow growth. They may be high cash generation, and they may be strong, stable businesses, overhead absorption. There's a range of things that we look at when we think about the benefit to a business.
