Jim Reagan: Thanks, Roger. And thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. In summary, we've achieved continuing strong execution across all of our segments. Our revenue growth of 8.8% over the prior year is the highest organic growth we've seen in several years driven by new program win and accelerated on contract growth. We were able to deliver the strong growth while maintaining adjusted EBITDA margins of 10.0% in line with our long-term targets. Lower profit write-ups were the primary driver of the year-over-year margin compression. This is reflective of our revenue composition that is more heavily weighted to early phase programs as we have discussed previously. Non-GAAP diluted EPS increase $0.04 over the prior year to $1.16 primarily driven by the lower share count resulting from our sharing purchases over the past year. Operating cash flows were $186 million reflecting 110% conversion of non-GAAP net income. We had another great quarter on the business development front booking over $3 billion in net awards into our backlog including significant contribution from takeaway wins. Takeaways in new business represented nearly 70% of the bookings for the quarter and more than 60% of bookings year to-date. Our ending backlog of $21.7 billion is up 18% over the past year and 27% over the past two years, highlighting the success of our business development strategy and our scale advantage. In the quarter, we submitted 10.3 billion of proposals which after accounting for some large decisions adjudicated in the period resulted in 30 billion in submit pending decision at quarter end. Now for an overview of our segment results. Defense solutions grew 6.7% over the prior year quarter as new program revenues more than offset program completion. Non-GAAP operating margins of 8.6% decline 20 basis points from the prior year largely related to the result of newer programs which carry lower margin in the early phase. Defense solutions also booked over $1.7 billion of net awards including a large takeaway win resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.3x for the quarter and on a trailing 12 month basis. In our civil segment; revenues grew 11% organically when adjusting for the sale of our commercial cyber business. This growth largely reflects our ramp-up of recent takeaway wins. Non-GAAP operating margins in our civil segment declined 40 basis points from the prior year due to lower net profit write-ups and a revenue composition that's more heavily weighted to early phase programs and materials. Civil segment bookings were very strong at $1.2 billion, reflecting a large takeaway award. The result was a book-to-bill of 1.3x for the quarter and 0.9x on a trailing 12 month basis. And finally our health segment; results here again showed strong growth with DHMSM deployments and expansion on other programs contributing to 11% revenue growth over the prior year. Non-GAAP operating margins of 14.4% in the health group were again very strong, but down from the prior year's level as the margin profile on certain recompete programs shifted to a more normalized levels that we have previously previewed with you. And from a bookings perspective, our health segment generated a little over a $100 million in net bookings and while this level is lower than the past its driven primarily by delays in the procurement process rather than by any reflection of win rates. Q2 decision volume was very low and we continue to have a healthy pipeline of awards awaiting decision which we expect to be resolved over the coming months. On a trailing 12 month basis health has a book-to-bill of 2.0x and remains very well-positioned in the market. To summarize, we're pleased with the performance across our entire business and as Roger mentioned we are updating our 2019 revenue and EPS guidance to reflect our strong results through the second quarter and increased second half visibility. First, we are raising and narrowing our revenue guidance to a range of $10.65 billion to $10.95 billion, an increase of $100 million at the midpoint from the prior range. Second, reflecting the higher revenue growth and slightly lower estimated net interest expenses, we're also raising and narrowing our earnings-per-share guidance. We now expect non-GAAP diluted EPS for the year to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.75 representing a $0.15 increase at the midpoint over the prior range. Our expectations were adjusted EBITDA margins and cash flow from operations remained unchanged. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob, so we can take some questions.
Jim Reagan: Well, this is Jim, Shelia. Thanks for your question. I think that the best way to think about the ramp of NASA NEST is first of all, we take that into the bookings number by task order and that that will be something that is going to ramp over the next 12 to 18 months. The profit profile net program is pretty consistent with what our overall average is. We don't normally comment with very specific numbers on the profit margins on a program-by-program basis, but I think it's fair to say that you can think of the NASA NEST program is being relatively consistent.
Jim Reagan: Cai, this is Jim. You can think of those contributing to the additional backlog is a little bit under $1 billion between the two of them.
Jim Reagan: Yes. Ed, as we've said before we don't give specifics on or details on win rates. But qualitatively the way we think about is that there's only been really one significant disappointment this year to-date on recompete other than that the recompete win rates has been kind of what we would really like in the main roughly with the exception of one thing if you curve that out its roughly high 80s around 90%. But things that's been most notable and the thing that I think can help contribute to both the current revenue growth being above what you would think of coming from normal budget increases, as well as our prospect for the rest of the year and into the future. It really has been our success in new business and takeaways and helping to get a little bit of -- or some nice share growth. And so, normally you think of takeaways is being kind of the converse of recompete, right? So, if you think of -- a lot of companies think of a good number for takeaways as being in somewhere between 20% and 30%. Our takeaway win rates have been well in excess of that and our new business win rates have also been well in excess of the 30% to 40% that I know a lot of companies target. So I'll leave it at that.
Jim Reagan: Yes. Hi, Jon, this is Jim. We're always analyzing where we get the best return and we over the past 18 months we've increased our run rate on how much we spend on investments in new business funds, meaning marketing and bid and proposal cost. And in addition to that, part of that investment has made the deployment of that money much more efficient, so we're able to bid on more for the same amount of money. So we've had some nice returns on those investments. Getting to the inorganic side, I want to underscore what you -- I think, you just should have heard from what Roger said, which is that, our process to look at those opportunities is ongoing. We've got a team of people that's evaluating opportunities and it is in a very disciplined fashion. And so, you don't mistake the lack of meaningful M&A announcements from the Company, meaning that we're not actively looking and that you should not be surprised if you hear something from us in the coming six months on something that's strategic, it's meaningful, and it meets the financial criteria that we are going to continue to stick to before we undertake anything, any big transaction. And as Roger said, we will continue to keep share buybacks in our toolbox for capital deployment.
Jim Reagan: It will be back to the normal level for next year. This year, we've got some of those big ones. You've heard about Hanford and GSMO earlier in the call, but we're not going to have nearly as many big lumpy recompetes that are going to be submitted next year like we do this year.
Roger Krone: I really can't speak to what's going on with other companies. We have stated for a long time that we wanted to pursue larger programs and by growing and adding the scale that we have we now go after fewer programs but larger in the amount. And I will tell you for Leidos it is trend that we expect to continue. I think you have to go company-by-company to see what everybody else is doing. But -- and I think you had a second part which is sort of like is, do we see the customer aggregating or disaggregating. And it's interesting they kind of they go in waves, and we see them aggregate. And then we have another program that we've had for a long time which they're going to break into a couple pieces. Maybe NextGen is an example where the old NCMI was one contract and they're essentially going to break it into two. So it just comes and goes. But for us our strategy has been to go after larger programs.
Roger Krone: Yes. 3% for defense, 4.5% for non-defense and of course, we have to do the analysis underneath that and you have to look at two components. How long does it take budget to roll through the PBS system to become outlays? And that can often be 18 to 24 months. So when you get a strong budget in 2020 and 2021 it gives you momentum for a couple years. And then you then you have to dissect both the defense and the civil budget and look at where the spent is and what kind of accounts are growing and what accounts are shrinking. And we're seeing a lot of favorable movement for us, modernization, digital transformation move to the cloud, back office efficiencies, consolidation really across federal government with large. So – and we've always said there, the budget overall is going to be kind of bounded by that three, four percentages which just can't go up forever. But we're very pleased by the strength that we've had over the last couple of years, the strength going forward. And then where we see increases, obviously agent by – agency by agency and then accounts within those agencies.
Roger Krone: Okay. I'll start with Navy NextGen which is NMCI. We are bidding on a portion of that called SMI TTY [ph] which really is more of the architecture in the network as opposed to buying the equipment where we had hoped that that would be up for award. I think the Navy has gone back and looked at their procurement and is making some adjustments to the solicitation and we expect that now probably will go to next year and that we won't see an award on Navy NextGen till 2020. That's my best guess at this time. Rob, we have two other large bids outstanding, I'll just touch on those, A Hanford Department of Energy recompete and we're hopeful that's within a couple weeks maybe one time it was supposed to be on the 29th, I actually think it's going to be a week or two behind that. And then our large infrastructure program at DISA, that we call the Global Support Management Organization or GSMO. And that is probably four weeks, six weeks-ish. We are still hopeful that there will be an award made probably in the third quarter and then you just have to think about protests and things from there, when that actually might enter into someone's backlog.
Roger Krone: Well, of course, NASA NEST came off and so that hurt our submits, right, because it went from submits to award. We talked about ACC ISR, those are the big ones in the period.
Roger Krone: Well, Cai, we were pleased that -- really more to protest activity that we had a nice second quarter. And in fact, we still have the rest of the week to go in the month which is really third quarter, but looking at and July has been a good quarter, although we're still waiting to see how it ends. But you're absolutely right, third quarter has always been cyclical high, and we – I have no reason to believe that that would be any different. Again, we're pleased by the budget action and you just get a sense that a lot of the federal agencies really want to get decisions made before the end of the fiscal year. And now with budget certainty there is no reason for them to slow down. So, we expect most of these things to happen. Albeit, Navy NexGen is going to go through some revisions and I don't think I can be able to happen in fiscal year.
Roger Krone: I think both Jim and I'll comment on that. Our attrition is cyclically down, it still not as low as we would like it to be. And it's really focused effort for us. We have broken it into what we call voluntary and involuntary and we have fought really really hard on what we call involuntary and that's when a contract comes to an end and we have trouble redeploying because of geography or skill set and we're really really working hard with our team, our leaders and our employees to more aggressively redeploying the employees. And then voluntary is down – not where were I think any of us would like it to be. And I would say, in the national capital region, probably the hottest market for the type of skills that we hire, but we have been pleased with our ability to hire people and to retain people and they are clearly isolated groups that do have a high level security clearance and you live in the Maryland area that's probably the hottest commodity. I think it's just going to remain that. We've had a strategy that we've talked about in the past of when the contract permits us to do the work beyond the 25 mile radius, then we move that work to other sites where our retention is higher and that has been successful for us. We have places in Morgantown, West Virginia and Charlotte -- Charlottesville and frankly St. Louis and Eagan, Minnesota were people tend to stay longer and enjoy the kind of work that we do.
Roger Krone: Yes. Matt, I wouldn't say it's significant. I'm not even sure that you would adjust your model. I'll just talk about the behavior. If you're a government program manager and you have to operate under a CR you're really restricted in what you're going to do relative expanding your statement of work. And with an authorization bill and hopefully appropriations –and by the way, I think, we will get most of the bills done. The DHS Bill may languish and may take a little longer, but I think they will spike that out. So it encourages what we call a normal order, which obviously has been anything, but normal, and people will now spend the money that they have been obligated. And I think it stabilizes, it gives us a slight lift, but I think it adds confidence and certainty to our third quarter, fourth quarter revenue. And it really let us look at the election season with a lot more confidence. There is going to be -- I think there's another debate tonight. There is just going to be a lot going on and the elections tend to be the sport in the U.S. And the good news is, we've taken sort of budget battles off the table, and that's great for our customers and their ability to do their mission and conduct the work of the nation.
Roger Krone: Let's see. First of all, I would tell you that, it's always been very, very competitive marketplace. I mean it's just unbelievable and which is the world that we live in. In the five years that I've been here, it's always very, very difficult, and you really have to put your best foot forward. You have to be really, really good at presenting your technical story. I would say, because of consolidation, we have seen maybe the number of bidders, where it might have been five, now they are four, right, or maybe, it goes down to three especially for some bids, but that doesn't reduce the amount of competition. As I learned in my prior career, sometimes you only need two competitors to have really robust competition and we have found it here, but I wouldn't say, it's gotten worse, I think it is about where it has always been and it motivates us to come up with great solutions that are differentiated from our peers and to be able to articulate those well in the proposals that we write and present to customers.
Roger Krone: Jon, we've been maybe mind numbingly consistent in how we've talked about capital deployment. We've mentioned it in the prepared remarks and we'll do the same. We spend our first dollar internally on organic growth and we try to use that to support customer mission and we're always thinking about creative ways that we can do that. You saw a little increase in capital because we were able to deploy some of our balance sheet to support customers. We are, whatever active in M&A might mean, but just as we look at a lot of opportunities, we think that's a prudent thing for us to do. We're always thoughtful about how we spend your money. We want to make sure that we create long-term value that is sustainable, not just over a couple of years because with interest rates today, almost every deal is going to be accretive in the short-term. We want to make sure from like a DCS standpoint that we see true value. And we hope that there'll be some deals out there that will align for us, but if there isn't, then just we will return the capital in efficient ways to our owners. And as we've always said, that dividend is very, very important, couldn't be more pleased. We had to go back and check, but we found out we never actually increased the dividend. And so, it's kind of remarkable thing and hopefully everybody will enjoy that. And then, we have obviously been committed to share repurchases and that's in our toolbox as well.
Roger Krone: Yes. Okay. Let's just kind of go back and look at the journey that we've been on. When we were fortunate enough to close the IS&GS transaction, we talked a lot about being able to reset their cost structure of that traditional business. And so we would tell you that price. We were able by bringing them into our cost structure and then taking advantage of the combine scale. We've been able -- not that we never lose on price, but it is not the number one reason that we lose. And that helped -- that we saw an immediate shot. But what has really helped us is kind of going back to our roots, investing in what we call IRAD, winning CRAD from the SNC agencies that helped to develop technology that we then deploy against the larger programs, what we call the programs of record, which have fueled our growth. And every time we write a proposal, we ask ourselves the question, what are we offering the customer that is unique and differentiated to our offering. And then, we've got a great team behind that that continues to refresh the technology that we generate to help us create that differentiated offering. So, we want to win on our technical approach. That's the Company, that's the core of the culture that we have here, and we're now in a position where -- and by way, obviously, we don't win everything. There is always losses and there are losses I wish that we had won, but we are pleased with the improvements that we've made in our win rate based upon differentiated technology and I think that has been the difference for us.
Roger Krone: Well, it's not been win rate and it's not been ability to hire. What has been a great journey for all of us is our ability to address new markets and we've been able to do that with the addition of the IS&GS organization. They brought long history and long relationships with customers that Leidos didn't have. So that expanded our addressable market. And I think to maintain the clip, we have to continue to think about how do we continue to expand that addressable market, but not just to new customers, like new federal agencies, but within a federal agency that we've had a long relationship with to expand our offering across their directorships. And it's cross selling, so we've sold a capability to one agency and then how do we take the lessons learned from the work that we've done for that agency and use that to expand our offering at a second agency for which we have a relationship with, but we have not traditionally sold them that kind of a solution. But people, new business funds, our ability to win, our scale, we're nowhere near being constrained in those regards.
Roger Krone: Yes. Well, of course, we're not a bidder on JEDI and our prediction is that JEDI will go forward and there'll be award made relatively soon. We have done digital transformation cloud hosting with all of the cloud providers. We work -- we have AWS certified people we have Azure certified people. I would say that we have great relationships with all of the offers and with the eventual customer. And we just see this as a way for our customers to reduce the cost right off IT spend and be able to change the tail ratio of the amount of money that the customer spends to operate their back offices by providing mission capable programs that further the goals and objectives of the agencies. So we're thrilled. And again, all the competitors have reached out. They look for mission partners like us to come in and help the customer better utilize their cloud hosting capability.
Roger Krone: Let me answer the question I think you asked, and if not, follow up. So, although you might view Leidos at the corporate level as having scale. The question is, in the four segments, are they large enough for which they also have scale, and therefore, are free to bid on any size of contract that they may see in a customer space? And the answer is, absolutely. And I would further comment, that's true in the U.S., it is also true in the United Kingdom and Australia, where we have significant operations and in a few other select countries, where we feel we have reach back and the scope and the scale that we can go after hundreds of millions and billions of equivalent U.S. dollar work. And what we have really strive to do at the Company is to create an environment where collaboration is natural. And so, if the Health Group feels like maybe in machine learning they don't quite have the depth that they need, they talk to the CTO and we have a CTO Council across the Company and they will seek out machine learning capability in the other groups and in the LInC, our Leidos Innovation Center, and they'll be able to pull that across. And that has really contributed to some of our success as of late, is the ability to leverage what all of Leidos knows in going after competitions.
Roger Krone: Yes. Okay, great. And we're near the end. I'll try to go quick. First of all, on the GENESIS program, we are now actively involved in two wave deployments and by the way, they are no longer sequential. We've kind of changed the orders. So we're implementing a wave one and wave four. And so, we're fully involved and those wave four began last week of June. We expect to add another wave about every three months. And that means for the next probably three years, maybe more than that, we will have two waves ongoing. And so that says that we should see a ramp in 2019 and the peak activity occurring probably late 2021, or early 2022. We have agreed with the customer on the deployment schedule. That has been locked down. We've got a great team. Our DHA customer has been really, really supportive. We're making terrific progress. So that program is really hitting its stride. On why people come to Leidos? We like everything we do, we do surveys, we talk to employees on the way in. We also talk to employees who leave. We think there are three reasons that people come. First is, they love the nature of the work that we do. We have a mission. We support very, very important customers, most of which are at the national level, whether it be social security payments, national security, Intel organizations, transforming health in the United States, our employee love that. Second is, they love the professional environment and the people that they work with, so great people attract great people. It is a cycle that we just love. And then, the third is, they come here for professional development, the opportunity, our continuing reeducation programs, our certificate programs, the ability to grow their skill set, to be lifelong learners and to be rewarded for their performance, and frankly to see the growth of the Company, which creates opportunities to do more, to work on larger programs, to have more responsibility and eventually, to move up the organization and be a leader at Leidos.
