Roger Krone: What typically happens -- so we end up with a contract. This IDIQ. We work on [Indiscernible] and then we always anticipate, especially in the next fiscal year, that those customers will come forward with projects which will expand our revenue base. And it's discretionary money on their part, but it's below the IDIQ ceiling. And I'm thinking, in my mind primarily, about 3 or 4 agencies. And those projects just haven't materialized. And the base program is running fine but we always anticipate maybe 10% on some of these IDIQ, kind of test quarter contracts that will come in. And a couple of agencies, specifically, just haven't been spending their project money. And so that's something we sort of plan on. It's not unusual. We've seen it before when the budget uncertainty gets as bad as it is today. And pretty much eventually, I’ll spend that money be it next year or year after. So the work still needs to get done, it's just not getting done in third and fourth quarter.
Roger Krone: Yeah. And Seth, as you know, we've got a couple fairly large programs starting up. The Military and Family Life Counseling Program and their Reserve Health Readiness Program, and they will be fully ramped next year. And those are more towards our normative levels that you might see in our defense group. And so it's a great business really proud of the team but next year should look more normal. There's this COVID has created swings in our business that we saw last year and now it's as we had predicted it's swinging back this year.
Roger Krone: I'll take a stab, Gavin. So we took down the midpoint of our guidance a $100 million. So that's kind of the size of the pie, if you will, is how we think about potential headwinds that we're facing. And on the material side, which is kind of tied up in some of the chip shortage we've seen, lack of material availability, most are on the computing side, but some technology components impacting our Dynetics or our airborne ISR business, think of that as roughly a third of the impact, right? And then we've got the budgetary headwinds where we expected certain projects to come through. We're not seeing that activity from customers. That's another roughly third of the impact. And then there's this protest bucket.  So we had a couple of programs that we won. And in fact, we had another program that we won last quarter on the TSA side, the TEDS and said, which an OEM underneath that protest. And so we're not able to do some of the work. So there's this bucket of protest activity that costs us some of the revenue miss as well. So there's a few of those things going on. We didn't talk about Afghanistan draw-down, but I would just add that in. That that's certainly -- probably at the higher end of our previous estimates on what that impact will be. So there is a little bit of -- we expected or hoped that we would have some over-the-rise and support that's not really materializing. All those things added together kind of are the $100 million guide down on the midpoint of our revenue.
Roger Krone: I would tell you again, I was pleased to see the sequential improvement from Q2. That's our expectation going into next year, we will continue to see that tick up. The team's done an excellent job getting the SD&A business ready for growth in the future when that market rebounds. A lot of new talents been added to the team, we're happy about that. But there's a lot of other things going on Civil. When I highlighted the growth in our commercial energy customer business, which is above the segment average on margins, that will continue to see expansion we believe going into next year, which will help us. So again, the Civil business should be above the corporate average margins. It's slightly below right now, but that's a quarter-to-quarter thing that we see trending up.
Roger Krone: We've always been strongest in this area, If you look at our technical core competency is called digital transformation. And this is moved to the cloud, IT-as-a-Service, helping our customers operate more efficiently. And what has been exciting for us is that line of business crosses really all 5 business units. And we've got some major wins that we've talked about. We've got some things in the pipeline. We've actually moved forward even in the health group with some commercial healthcare providers. And so overall, that's a real strong business for us. And then another area that's really been nice, and again, we talked about this already, is the new wins in the Health group, which has allowed us to grow our Health group faster than the rest of the business.  And in order to do that, things like the Military Family Life and Counseling was a takeaway. The Reserve Health Readiness Program was a takeaway from other people and we have as we said at our Investor Day and Sheila, we've been talking about for years, we want to have that balanced portfolio. And so we're investing in Health and Civil to grow and to grow -- it's great to go after a new business, but sometimes we have to go after re-competes as well and to take business away from others in our industry.
Roger Krone: Yes, I would also add, in the 3rd and 4th-quarter we can -- to buy a lot of material in our contracts and then we kind of spend the spring installing it. And the chip shortage has affected the type of -- and we say material. Yeah, we buy raw material, but we buy a lot of computer equipment. PC, laptops, servers, routers, switch gear, and what have you. And we really have seen those supply chains lengthen. A PC we could use to get maybe in 4 months or in 4 weeks, now probably takes 20 weeks. A server, probably the same, maybe if not longer. Some of the networking equipment about the same. Normally we would place the orders -- we get through the fiscal year, we get into the next year funding, we placed these orders, we get the equipment delivered before the end of the year, and we book revenue against it. Now, we're placing those orders. We're on backlog, like everyone else in the industry, and it will arrive in the first quarter. And those programs are primarily in our Defense segment.
Roger Krone: And Matt, we just completed a big hypersonic facility in Huntsville so that's mostly in our history. And then when we moved into the new headquarters here in Reston and we had a new building in Gaithersburg, and we facilitated Campus Point, we went through -- although we lease our facilities generally, we have to buy the capital equipment and do capital improvements. That's going to be down next year, and Chris said -- I'm not sure we've ever been at 1.5%, but somewhere between 1% and 1.3% is probably a working number. And just to reiterate what Chris mentioned, I can think of a couple of projects in the building that we're in, which we have put on hold because we can't get the material to finish it. There's something on the floor above us that we just had to wrap up and leave fallow and probably get it finished probably next year. So it's just amazing how far reaching the supply chain is. And if you look at the pictures of Long Beach Harbor, there's a lot of material out there and [Indiscernible].
Roger Krone: Yeah. But I'll give you some details and if I don't cover it sufficiently, Chris will jump in. We're fully staffed on the program. So normally 4000 people give or take a little bit. From a revenue standpoint, though, we won't hit full revenue until next quarter or first quarter. So it's still gotten some room to go from a revenue standpoint. If you're looking for a full-year then it's probably next year or maybe even 23 until we're at the absolute run rate. But the great news is we've taken over the network. We own it now. We have starting the transformation part of the program, which is to move the Navy into, if you will, the next-generation of a short network. And the program is actually running really, really well, and we're literally amazingly went from a ward to fully staffed in literally just a quarter or two, and that's almost unprecedented. So really great stuff on the program. We're not at the max revenue this quarter, but we got a good shot to be close next quarter.
Roger Krone: Well, it's still early on both of those. Let me talk more strategically. The 1901 has been just a real energizer for our digital transformation work. We have used the talent in 1901, really to de -risk our engine ramping and staffing. They have an as-a-service platform and have a culture that just attracts people. And so we were able to set up our call center literally in a month using the people in 1901. And that is really allowed us to get ahead and provide that level of customer service that we wanted to get on NGEN. And its the top-line growth. There's a lot of work on 1901 that happens through the other units, and so the way we account for it, if they facilitate a sale in our Civil Group, you'll see that revenue in our Civil Group, and the way we account for acquisition, revenue is the standalone 1901.  On Gibbs & Cox, on a standalone basis, which is probably not all that relevant even today, because we've combined our heritage link, Leidos Innovation Center Maritime group with Gibbs & Cox, but you don't see that in the way we account for the revenue. And the cross linkages, the synergies between the heritage maritime business where we would have see on our -- in our traps program and some other classified program, and what goes on in Gibbs & Cox. You're not going to get that visibility in our GAAP reported financials. But the naval architecture work and the relationships at NAVC and in the Navy, that now complement our autonomy business and the work that we do under the water has been terrific. And then Gibbs & Cox on a standalone basis, continue to have strong support from the Navy, on the new Frigate contract and the new Destroyer contract, and they continue to grow and to staff. It's really been exciting, they bring a level of systems engineering and platforms that we have wanted to have for a long time. And that knowledge in that culture really we're using across the whole organization.
Roger Krone: Well, we're doing what everybody else is doing. Our purchasing organization is out having discussions with all of our supplier partners. We're trying to place orders ahead of need, we would be willing to own and hold stock if we can get it. We are trying to substitute what's in inventory for what's not in inventory. We're having discussions frankly with our customers about would they rather wait? Would you rather have the X laptop now or the Y laptop tomorrow? But most of our customers are saying now we'll wait another month to get the Y laptop. We've got really good visibility into our supply chain. We tend to have from a system standpoint, material resource, and planning, our major suppliers connect into our system. So we know where the supply is, we know when it's going to arrive. And as such, we don't want to get ahead of the arrival of the equipment.  But, like everybody in the industry, we see this as a delay not a long-term problem, something that will -- for most of us will correct early next year. I don't think we have the same issues that you might see in the auto industry or in others. And these are supplier partners that we've got 10-year, 20-year relationships with, and we buy a lot of volume, and so we have a preferred position. When they get into the server or the router, we're near the top of the list in getting our fair share. But there's only so much you can do, which is why we talked about it this morning. If the chips aren't there, they're not being put on the boards, they are not being put into the equipment, and we can't put the equipment in the customer and take revenue credit.
Roger Krone: Let me give you a quick overview and then Chris can talk about the numbers. So we have yet to see the wage inflation, but we are being thoughtful about that. And with the hiring that we're doing, especially in some geographical areas and some skill sets. The fight for talent is something that we are being very thoughtful about. Tobey, you know, we have forward pricing rates. There's escalation assumed in the forward pricing rates. If we hire ahead or above that then on our cost-type contracts, that makes us a little less competitive while we flow through the customer on our fixed-price contracts, it lowers our fee. The numbers, as we look at '22 and '23, are really small because we procure about half of what we sell and our labor content theory is a percentage of that, and then you have to start seeing where we are on our labor category by labor category. So it's a risk item for everyone in the industry, but it is not yet a significant risk for us. It's literally, I mean, and Chris can probably give you some colors, in the single or double-digit millions.  But it's something we're being thoughtful about is, why in our labor strategy, you have heard us talk about building centers of excellence in areas that are outside some of the large geographical metropolitan areas like The 1901 Group gave us a large footprint in Blacksburg, which we love. By the way, Blacksburg is a fantastic place, a great place to work. The people who work there, love it. They're big Virginia tech fans and is a very different economic environment than trying to hire someone in Reston, Virginia. And our strategy for the past few years have been to be in places like Morgan Town, West Virginia, and Blacksburg. Even St. Louis, which with the movement of the second headquarters of NGA has become a pretty exciting place for us to hire people and to grow.
Roger Krone: Tobey, I would just to add and I know you've thought through this is the rehire cost, the recruiting cost far exceeds the risk of wage inflation. And so paying at market, or slightly better is always been our philosophy and we want to keep up with market and we would pay more to lose an employee and then go have to recruit of a replacement than a small percentage in wage increase. And our focus frankly is always been about making this a great place to work, attracting people, having them build their career here, and stay with us over the long term.
Christopher Cage: And Peter, the only thing I'd add is we're not really seeing that in our civil and health customers, it's pretty much in our Defense Solutions segment between the intel and some defense customers where we're seeing that activity.
Christopher Cage: Well, first of all, I want to congratulate our team. I think our team has done an exceptional job running that business and continuing to optimize performance along the way. Clearly this was a banner quarter with the growth and the margins above 20%. I will tell you and we have told you that is not where we see this being sustained. And we have worked down the backlog that came about through the pandemic, and we're seeing a level of referral volume continuing to stay fairly high. So there's some reasons to be a bit optimistic there, but it will come back down. And what we said before is when the business was running at a normal level, it was in the mid-teen margin. And while we don't guide by segment, I would tell you somewhere at that level is certainly the bottom end of what we feel comfortable with.  But with the improvements in the business operations and the growth, I think there is opportunity to do better than that over time. So we're preparing for a scenario where health is not performing at these levels that we've communicated that at Investor Day, and we're driving the rest of the business to make sure we're driving margins up over time. But again, couldn't be more happy with the performance of the health team and we're going to sustain that performance as long as we can.
Christopher Cage: Well, so we'll, obviously, get into those details in our fourth quarter call with you. In fact, we're going to be with our team here in a couple of weeks going through the bottoms-up annual plan, but I would say yes. Our expectation is to [Indiscernible] business -- can grow next year and that's certainly the way we're approaching it. So some more to come on the details around that, but we're actively working that and there's a healthy pipeline that we're pursuing at all times.
Christopher Cage: Well, that's one of the -- first of all, Sheila, I'll start and Roger can add in. Health as we've been signaling, there was the expectation that Q4 will start to see a bit of a ramp down on the medical exam business. That might not be the case, but we're preparing for that to be the case. And that clearly will put some dampening on margins overall. I would also point to the execution in Q3 was quite strong. In the program performance side. You'll see when you get into the queue that we had an excellent quarter on net write-ups, and that helped us in the third quarter pick our margins up to 11 6, but we're absolutely targeting kind of that mid-10 rate. And as we paid it in Investor Day, that's kind of our longer view on where the business should be. All things considered in Q4, with the holiday season and uncertainty in health, we feel pretty good about landing in that area.
Christopher Cage: Sure, Cai. Obviously Health being up $200 million is against your estimates. We don't give the guidance by segment, but we're pleased with the health growth. And in defense clearly is where we're seeing the preponderance of some of the impacts that we've talked about. The Afghan drawdown, that was a headwind for the team this year, and it's hurt what would ordinarily be a growing airborne business. The material shortages, a lot of that in our Intel customer space have been an impact. We've previously talked earlier this year on the Intelligence Customer Award delays having some impacts on the business as well. Those things are all factors that are driving that, and of course, the Human Landing System Program while we had never put that follow-on in our plan. Clearly, the $240 million that we executed on that 10-month program, That's gone and that becomes a growth headwind.  Now Dynetics -- Roger featured the IFPC program in the quarter and we're very bullish on the growth from that over time into the future. So we're excited about some of the programs that they are winning and executing on. But it is a different business model where you're not going to see some of those large franchise program wins in each and every quarter. So there is some variability on how the growth plays out. But if you pull human landing system out of Dynetics performance, they're still on a very nice growth trajectory. Roger, anything to add.
Christopher Cage: Hey, Matt, thanks for the question. You're right, it has been running a little bit lower than our expectations. We do expect a modest ramp up in Q4 from what we've been running at. And 1.5%, I would say that's kind of what we see as the upper bound, right? Our job is to make sure that each and every capital expenditure request passes muster as it relates to returns that we expect to generate from that. And we'll go through the detailed scrub of that in Rio P. As you can imagine, there is some things from a supply chain issue also impacting us on the capital expenditure side where we've -- Roger mentioned, airborne assets and some of the planes that we're outfitting were not able to get some of the technology components to get those in operations. So that's taking longer than it's been expected.  And some of the facilities, especially in the Dynetics side for fabrication in some of our new wins, getting contractors, getting materials to get those things outfit is taking a little bit longer. But -- so a little bit of uptick is what I would expect for the fourth quarter and then as we head into next year, 1.5% I'd say is the upper balance, and we'll kind of see how things play out as far as what the opportunity space looks like when we get through our planning process.
Christopher Cage: Yeah, I mean, the team I think it's a highlight across the Company of how quickly they staff that thing up and the executive management attention to get there. Roger mentioned earlier some of our customers have special projects in NGEN will be a program that would have budget for special project. So again, we're learning this customer. We're ready to execute on those as those orders come through, but that's a variable demand signal that we have to be prepared to respond to, but we're pleased with where that sits right now with room to grow.
Christopher Cage: Something I'd add on -- what we love about the Gibbs & Cox team is they are so close to the customer, so important to the customer's mission. And they're going to support that mission even in advance of a contract award. For example, just as they become part of a bigger corporation making sure that we're getting out with the right contractual arrangements so we can recognize revenue on some of the work they are doing, they are in a good position to continue growing and delivering. As Roger mentioned, the 1901 group is contributing a lot internally on other programs which are adding value and will ultimately be accretive to our performance. That doesn't show up in the external report that you see.
Christopher Cage: Sure, David. So let me first address the fourth quarter and we signaled a couple of main things that are going to go on in the fourth quarter. We talked about advanced payments, and so one of our large programs, customer funds us in advance at the end of their fiscal year, we get that money in our third quarter. There are some material, subcontractors, and other payments that will go out in the fourth-quarter, right? So we get paid, we pay some of them, so that will be an outflow that's already planned and programmed. And then we talked a lot about NGEN and that's, again, a new customer with new buying behavior for us. And one of the things that we'll be in a position to do in the fourth quarter is procure a number of software licenses that they use and execute on. As you can imagine, some of those arrangements are pay-in-advance to the software license providers. The way the Navy funds those is kind of an overtime model.  So there's some of that that's built in in our expectations of working capital usage. Big picture over time, I would tell you this. I like the way the team is managing, working capital today. I think we're having an excellent year. We're programming in improvements where we can make them. We're thoughtful about certain particular business areas that might need a little bit of investment, but that's modest. And so generally speaking, our DSO this quarter at 60 days is something that I see as being able to be sustained, perhaps improved in certain spots. And right now, the way we're going to manage inventory, I think there's a ability to continue to tighten that down and drive improvements into that. So I don't see a big change in our working capital usage to execute our growth plan over the next 3years.
Christopher Cage: And Tobey, it's certainly something, as Roger said, we're being very thoughtful about, we've been thinking about for some time. And actually just had some discussion on this as the leadership team yesterday as part of our planning process. I went through the analysis and I would tell you that the budget that we're establishing for our merit increases for next year will be higher, than what it's been the last several years. We're very cognizant of the fact that that's reality, but it's affordable to do so. And as we've talked about margin levers longer-term, we understand that that's an area we're going to be making a little bit more investment. There is other areas we're going to emphasize. So I don't see that something that puts big headwind on us.  We know how to do this, we know how to attract talent, retain talent, and I think ultimately doing the right thing on the front-end with paying our people can offset costs elsewhere, such as retention or other things that you have to put in place. So again -- big picture, I don't think it's a material driver for near-term margin impacts and it's something we're certainly planning for.
