John Jumper: Thank you, John, and welcome, everyone. On December 3, we provided third quarter fiscal year 2014 data that included revised earnings guidance. All of the information we are providing you today is consistent with that data. We have recently encountered a range of additional challenges that severely impacted our quarterly performance and our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Stu and Mark will discuss the specifics, but let me provide an overview.  We previously told you about the overall impact of the sequester. Negative impact intensified in the quarter, exacerbated by the government shutdown. Increasing impact of the sequester, which includes reductions in duration and scope of programs, is now starting to impact intelligence programs, which we previously believed to be less vulnerable to sequestration cuts. In addition, we continue to see a high level of protest affecting both the third and fourth quarters.  In Health and Engineering, we had anticipated sequential flat performance in commercial health through fiscal year '14. We are now experiencing hospital IT budgets being further pressured by continuing declines in Medicaid and Medicare reimbursements and intensified by general turbulence associated with the standup of the Affordable Care Act registration process in October. The combined impacts resulted in a lowering of our forecast in November and triggered a write-down of intangible assets at the end of the quarter.  Two of our energy-related design build projects, Plainfield and Gradient, had unanticipated bad debt charges. In October, we experienced a significant decline in collections from the government, driven by the government shutdown, our own planned IT shutdown to enable our separation and customer confusion driven by our name change. Combination of these factors resulted in a substantial change in our working capital usage, adversely impacting our operating cash flow in Q3 and extends into our forecast for the fourth quarter. The guidance reductions provided in our preliminary release were driven by several factors that Mark will discuss. We developed our guidance through a diligent and rigorous process based on the best information available to us at the time, recognizing that our business and the markets in which we operate are fluid and often difficult to predict. Unfortunately, several of the factors that we did not expect to affect our financial performance did, in fact, have a negative impact.  We have also announced that Joe Craver is stepping aside as President of our Health and Engineering business sector. The board and I agree that this sector will benefit from new leadership. I will be stepping in immediately as acting head of the sector while we launch a search for a new leader. We thank Joe for his 24 years of dedicated service to the company and wish him the best as he moves forward.  Let me finish by providing a longer-term perspective. We serve markets that are large and critical to our nation and its way of life. Our 23,000 employee workforce dutifully serves the most demanding customers with innovative solutions and services, with a strong reputation for delivery in our 3 markets. We remain confident in the potential of our 3 core businesses, and that is supported by our strong bookings in the quarter. Our management team recently presented our Board of Directors with a thorough review of our performance, as well as an update on our strategy. We are pleased to announce today that our Board of Directors has approved a $20 million share buyback authorization, representing almost 25% of our share count to facilitate the capital deployment strategy and priorities we discussed back in September. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to our President and COO, Stu Shea, for an update on our operational objectives and the strategies we're employing to achieve it. 
John Jumper: Cai, this is John Jumper. We -- yes, we've had it connected. We've had it up to speed, producing full power. As Stu mentioned in his remarks, we'll be doing the environmental test here in the next several days and hope to have that environmental testing complete at the end of the week, which is the last test we -- hurdle we have to pass. So everything seems to be on track for right now. 
John Jumper: I think, in the health, we have experienced a decline, and we did say earlier that we expected sequentially flat performance. The headwinds that, I think, we're experiencing are part of a market trend. We look at the competition, we see them, our direct competition, taking a similar hit to ours. But we were complicated by our own internal events, Cai, and that includes the melding of these 2 companies, maxIT and Vitalize, putting these 2 teams together, and we -- that was going on during the very worst of our impact from the market. So we see our direct competitors suffering somewhat from the same market trends. We -- I think we're impacted more because of the things that are now behind us that had to do with melding the 2 companies. Of note, we're looking at our new opportunity bookings for November, which were significantly up. And continuing an upward trend in December. We're not ready to say that this is an inflection point. We continue to anticipate headwinds in commercial health, but I think that we have gotten our own internal melding problems behind us. 
John Jumper: This is John Jumper. I -- first of all, it's hard to believe that we're going to see such a thing. But if we did, I think it would just provide a general lift and less confusion about the contracting situation we're in right now. Without the guidance that the government gives with these kinds of budget decisions, we're seeing, as Stu mentioned, our contracts being cut short, being reduced, being canceled all together, the total unexplainable behavior and unprecedented behavior we're seeing in contracting. So I think anything we would do that we would see that stabilizes the environment is going to help everyone and certainly help us out as well. 
John Jumper: Our philosophy has been and remains, at this time, that we will use excess cash for deployments toward either buybacks and/or special dividends. So that is the case, and we do not envision, at this time using debt or incremental debt to fund that activity. 
Mark Sopp: Cai, this is Mark. Thanks for calling in today. We do plan to complete in December, as I just said. We're concurrently planning the materials that are appropriate for a selling process. As we indicated back in October, we plan to run the plant successfully for some period of time to demonstrate its success. After which, we expect to engage and hopefully complete the selling process sometime in the near future. 
Mark Sopp: Jason, first, we're going to be providing our views on '15 in our March conference call. That's still ahead of us, and we're not going to provide any real quantitative numbers today with respect to that year. It will be interesting to see how the cards unfold in Washington in December and January to build that case. I will say, however, that when -- if our forecast is correct, that's quite a bit of drift up in days sales outstanding this year and the working capital, and we have every intention of restoring that to normative levels. And because of that, you're right, all of the things being equal, it should be a strong cash flow next year, as we revert to the norm in working capital uses. So answer to that is correct, and that is excluding extra things like should we have asset sales and so forth. But pure operating cash flow, you would generally lead to that conclusion. With respect to the 8%, again, not to give '15 forward views, but the elements that we described, the major elements in that build on September 11 are still intact. 
Mark Sopp: I'll start, and I think others may want to chime in. But first, Q4 is the one quarter in the year where we have less working days in our calendaring, plus we have more holidays. So that tends to be our lowest seasonal quarter of the year. So I would make an adjustment for that, and you can look at our history to probably get a pretty good ballpark of what that should be. I think all the rest is going to depend on the adjudication of our pipeline, which is significant in terms of outstanding awards and whether the sequestration and budgets stabilize or otherwise going forward. 
Mark Sopp: This is Mark. Gradient actually has 2 plants as originally envisioned. The first plant is very near completion and is expecting to produce power soon and provide revenues and cash flows soon. However, that plant, despite us delivering all of our deliverables as designed and on schedule, the geothermal production is not what was expected, which is more of an earth science issue. And because of that, the economics of that plant are not as robust as originally envisioned. With respect to our situation, we have $37 million of remaining receivables outstanding. We believe they are collectible. They are backed up by a number of elements to include partial guarantees from the developer. There's some money left on the construction loan, and we have some hard assets to sell related to the second plant, which was decided, after buying some equipment on our side, the developer decided to not proceed with that, given the issues with the first plant. And so that's the part of the receivable that we expect to collect through those means over the course of the next few months and be done with this project. 
Mark Sopp: It was another engineering company, not ours, not SAIC or Leidos that performed that work. So we do not have exposure on that front. 
Mark Sopp: We have some product that we had intended to shift to TSA that slipped to a variety of contracting methods, but we believe -- or issue. But we believe that is indeed a slip, so that's more on the Reveal side. That is Reveal's main customer. The rest of the VACIS business is pretty much tracking on schedule. And there are always episodic awards that we're working on to fuel the growth there, and there are a few on our pipeline today. 
Mark Sopp: Yes. Let me start on that. We really expect to see most of that benefit FY '17 and beyond. We -- what we're really focusing on today is identifying the opportunities, positioning for those opportunities through research and development and partnership, establishing our credentials and qualifications in doing so. We have an ever-increasing pipeline. We're getting more and more involved in those bids. But given the time that it takes for the gestation of those bids, we're looking several years out. I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that in the last few quarters. We do have multiple billions of dollars in our funnel today, and we have one rather significant bid that we're positioning for next fiscal year. It's a multiple billion dollars bid also. 
