Philip Johnson: Thanks, Derica. We would like to take as many questions from callers as we can. So I would ask that you limit your questions to two or a single two-part question. And we thank you in advance for collaborating with this request. John, if you could go ahead and provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and then we're ready for the first caller.
Philip Johnson: Okay, Tim, thank you for the questions. So, Sue, if you'll handle the first question that he had on abemaciclib and then the third one on Cyramza. Enrique, if you'd like to comment on the SGLT2 pricing.
Philip Johnson: Great, Geoff. Thank you very much. Christi, if you want to take the first question on the Taltz new-to-brand trends. And feel free if you want to try the second question, we're happy to help with that one as well.
Philip Johnson: Great. Tony, thanks for the question. Sue for the Cyramza Japan question and then Enrique for the Jardiance follow up.
Philip Johnson: Great, Dave. Thank you for the two questions. Dave, we'll go to you for the near-term M&A question and back to Enrique for the Jardiance question.
Susan Mahony: Hi, Tim. Thanks for the question on abemaciclib. As you say, there are no comparative studies of the CDK-4 and 6 inhibitors. We believe that it's going to be important that we look at the totality of the data across multiple trials as we look at these agents. I think I've been consistently saying that we believe that we could have a best-in-class CDK-4 and 6 inhibitor. And I continue to believe that based on the attributes of the molecule as well as, as we say, look at the consistency of data across multiple trials. And that hopefully we will read out two of them this year and we will have others coming in the future. While I say that, well, as we'll mentioned before, this molecule selectively inhibits CDK-4 versus CDK-6. It's actually 14 times more potent on CDK-4 than CDK-6. It has the ability to cross the blood-brain barrier and we have seen therapeutic levels on brain tissue. The continuous dosing we believe is important for a self-cycling inhibitor, and not just from an efficacy perspective, but also from a convenience perspective of patients. And we have seen in our previous trials and have consistent results that the diarrhea, which is the main side effect, is manageable and actually is transient. So we now have our MONARCH-1 trial in our refractory patients. We have had multiple treatments and have seen in that trial single-agent activity with this agent. We now have two positive Phase 3 trials with the patients on our second-line MONARCH-2 trial, which had a (26:03) therapy. And we're looking forward to presenting that data at ASCO and also hopefully publishing that data this year, too. And, of course, yesterday we announced the MONARCH-3 first-line study against the aromatase inhibitors, where we saw at the interim and we mentioned previously that we had high bar interim. We saw that at the interim we achieved our PFS endpoint, which is the primary endpoint, as well as a secondary endpoint of overall response rate. And so we're excited as we look at the whole molecule here. And we encourage you to see the data in the future to look at the totality of the data across all the trials.
Susan Mahony: Cyramza. With regards to Cyramza, yeah, as we're looking at Cyramza performance in the U.S., Tim, we continue to see challenges in the lung cancer market, mainly due to ILs. And so we've essentially seen sort of flat to declining sales in the U.S. over the last few quarters, which, of course, is the complete opposite to Japan, where we're seeing phenomenal sales. Our focus in the U.S., it's really a gross to net adjustment that you mentioned there, so I wouldn't read too much into the pricing. Our focus is to continue to ensure that we have uptake in gastric cancer, which is a very differentiated market. A lot of doctors who treat gastric cancer in the U.S. treat one patient a year. And so really getting to them on time to ensure that they know to use Cyramza in the appropriate patient is our focus on gastric cancer. And in lung cancer, as people are getting used to knowing where to use the ILs in second-line and then if they move to front-line, we're being clear on the patient that we believe can benefit from Cyramza.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. Thanks, Seamus, for the question. I think, again, I'll back to I think it's going to be really important when we look at the totality of the data as we look at the trials across multiple trials with the CDK4 and 6 inhibitors and we look at the magnitude and the depth of response, which is a key secondary endpoint that we had in our studies as well as, as we said, the PFS and the totality of the data.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. With regards to the JUNIPER study, we are continuing with that study and very interested in the role of CDK4 and CDK6 in KRAS mutation-positive lung cancer. We have made some changes to the study to ensure enrollment and to ensure that it hits the high bar given the changes that we've seen in FDA guidance and labeling on erlotinib, but we continue that study and are actively enrolling it.
Susan Mahony: Hi, Tony. Thanks very much for the question on Cyramza in Japan. You're right, it is going very well in Japan. The quarter-on-quarter is just the timing. If you look at last year, you would have seen the same dynamics. What we are continuing to see is strong growth of Cyramza in Japan. And the gastric cancer indication right now has a market share of 57%. In fact, I think Cyramza is one of the most successful oncology launches now in Japan. We also are now seeing uptake in both the lung and the colorectal cancer indications. There's quite a high level – as you know, the prevalence in Japan of gastric cancer is a lot higher than the U.S. and we are seeing a lot of overlap between uses of Cyramza in gastric cancer and those that treat colorectal cancer. And so we see a good opportunity for uptake in that indication, too. We're currently seeing that and also in lung. So we feel very good about the continued uptake of Cyramza in Japan.
Susan Mahony: Sure. Yeah, thanks for the question. Clearly, as we're looking at our strategy, the oncology environment is changing pretty rapidly and we want to make sure that as we're looking at agents, that we're bringing through really agents that are standard of care change or have potential to be standard of care change and to be foundational agents. We believe that we have a number of those. We just launched Lartruvo for soft tissue sarcoma, which is the first agent that has been approved to show an overall survival advantage over standard care in 40 years, and showing an improvement of 12 months nearly in soft tissue sarcoma. So I think that is one that we can say clearly has the potential standard of care changing and foundational. We have abemaciclib data that we're excited about, too. We have a number of assets in our portfolio. We're actually currently going through a strategy review and prioritization which we are looking forward to giving you more details on over the next months. There are a number of agents that we're excited by. I think that we look at our checkpoint inhibitor, prexasertib. Data on that is pretty exciting and you should see more on that coming through over the next few months as you see how we're continuing to develop that further. With regards to our ERK inhibitor, we're pretty excited about that, too. That's in Phase 1 at the moment. And we also have a potential combination options with our PI3K/mTOR inhibitor and abemaciclib. So you're going to see more as we continue to roll out our prioritization of our portfolio. We have a number of assets in our portfolio now. What we want to do is really focus on those ones that have the potential to be foundational standard of care changing and have rapid development of those. And that's where our focus is.
Enrique A. Conterno: So the SGLT2 class, similar to other diabetes classes, is highly managed from a formulary perspective. We are in a unique position given the data and the label that we basically have with Jardiance. And as I have previously shared, even prior to us getting the label, our formulary positioning was very strong. So just to give a sense, we have nearly 90% access on commercial plans and about 70% in Part D. And we showed that's a very strong position for us. The issue with the 2 class for the most part is being contracted as one of two type contracts, so these are not sole exclusive contracts. We, of course, we're advocates for open access and, at this point in time, we are excited about the early trends that we're seeing for our products.
Enrique A. Conterno: So, Seamus, as I look at it, destocking does in our view basically explain the difference. Revenue for us and given the script level is basically tracking as we had expected. I think it's important as we look at this product, we are clearly right now north of 20% when it comes to NBRx share. Importantly, a big part of that is driven by switches, as we've seen different payers take or choose Basaglar as an exclusive option. But I think what we're also encouraged is when we look at basically new patients to a basal insulin, we also see our share basically improving. We're now at 7% on that specific metric. So we are very encouraged for what we see. And at this point in time, we do think that the revenue and scripts are aligned based on what we had expected.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. Let me first provide a little bit of color on Jardiance and what we're seeing since the launch of our cardiovascular indication. As you know, we received that indication in December and we launched in mid-January. Since we've launched that indication, we have seen a significant inflection on new patient starts for Jardiance. So just in three months, we've seen a 70%, 70%, increase on new patient starts. That class overall has grown about 30%, which has driven now the class to basically reaccelerate when it comes to new patient starts. The class was actually quite flat before this indication. As we look at the four-week growth versus the previous year, we're now at 16%. So we are encouraged in terms of what we're seeing with Jardiance. Now, clearly, we are in a certain way, it is a paradigm shift when it comes to treating diabetes, in particular, the risk of death for people with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease. And, for us, therefore, peer-to-peer is hugely important. That's something that we've been quite focused on. We are very excited by our level of activity and interest and attendance to these peer-to-peer sessions. But all-in-all, we are pleased with our progress and we expect more. There are lots of questions when it comes to the outcomes from Canvas. We basically see, maybe, generally, three types of outcomes. Let me just outline them. But, clearly, if outcomes were to be a negative, a neutral trial when it comes to CV, that probably would be the worst outcome for us. We clearly believe that our data is highly compelling. But, clearly, we could benefit from that tailwind of having another SGLT2 basically have this similar data. If their data is positive but is not as positive as ours, that's probably the best-case scenario for us. But it's also quite positive if their data looks similar to us. We clearly have a lot of momentum with our product, so we are hoping that they have a positive trial and are waiting to see what the results are.
Enrique A. Conterno: So, clearly, the renal data for Jardiance is quite encouraging. As we had a number of discussions with the regulatory authorities, it is pretty clear that for us to be able to make a claim, it is quite likely that we will need to do an additional trial.
Enrique A. Conterno: Well, we don't think there's a disconnect between TRx and revenue. The quarter for Jardiance was pretty clean, so we didn't have changes in estimates when it comes to rebates and discounts. Let's recall, and of course, in the case of Jardiance, we share 50/50 the gross margin for the product with BI the way basically what we book as revenue. And right now I think it's fair to say that the current revenue basically is a good reflection of the underlying scripts.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So the first question is an interesting one because, clearly, we are on both sides of that equation. So you can imagine, we're going to take all the learnings of the launch of Basaglar as we think about how do we ensure that we protect our Humalog franchise. It is fair to say that Humalog has slightly different make up in terms of – we think of the product, as you know, it's not just rapid-acting, but it's also the mixtures, which are about 30% of volume. Clearly, we do have a strong position when it comes to payers. And importantly, the contracting already is on exclusive status for really meal-time insulins across all of the major plans. That is different from the type of contracting when it comes to basal insulins where basically we had a number of products in formulary. So any time that you basically narrow the formulary, there's an opportunity for a payer to have an economic benefit from a larger rebate. So the dynamics are a little bit different. We clearly are preparing and thinking through that. And I won't be able to comment more on that. But I do think that our position with Humalog is quite strong. When it comes to diabetes pricing, what we basically see is a continuation of the current trends. So we don't see significant step changes. We basically see at this point in time different classes are in different stages. As I just mentioned, meal time insulins, we are basically – all major plans have made a one-on-one exclusive-type decision when it comes to a meal time insulin. But SGLT2s, there's one of two status for most plans. GLP-1s is something similar. So we basically see is a continuation of trends rather than a step change. Clearly, we are pretty well positioned given the breadth of our portfolio and really strong share and momentum that we have with our product, which is key as different payers make the formulary decisions.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yeah, there's really not an issue when it comes, Tony, to segment mix. We had in Q4 of 2016 a positive benefit, roughly about $15 million worth of Lilly revenue due to changes in the estimates of rebates, discounts and co-pay cards. So that's basically why that comparison doesn't follow the script trend. If anything, we should see basically improved pricing when it comes to Jardiance just because we made some changes to our co-pay cards. So we are going to be less reliant on them as time goes through. So that should basically give us some benefit over time when it comes to the nebulized prices that we see.
Enrique A. Conterno: Okay. I agree that the Jardiance is indeed compelling value for payers. I'm unable to discuss what our rebate strategy is on this forum. But I think it's important. We do have some – there's, of course, public knowledge when it comes to, for example, Germany and Japan. And in both of those cases, in the case of Germany, we have a new price, a higher price for Jardiance based on the indication. And in the case of Japan, we did not get the price cut. We got a minor – a positive price adjustment. But, yes, we do believe that this product offers compelling value to payers and to patients.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So, clearly as we contract with payers, it's not only the economic benefit, but of course all of the clinical benefits of each one of the products. In the case of Humalog, it's always difficult to say as we go through the contract in season. But I think what we can say is, as we looked at historically, once a payer has made a decision on a particular product, basically once it comes time to renew, they typically have continued with that choice that they initially made, in particular when there are not new entrants basically coming in to the mix. So we see this not only in diabetes, but I think in other therapeutic classes. As you can imagine, if we have a market where we have two major players, in this particular case maybe Lilly and Novo, and we were in dual status and we go to exclusive status, you are switching 50% of the patients. But once somebody is on exclusive status, now you basically – the disruption is significantly higher. And clearly, the economics from a benefit of the rebate perspective are really not going to be there because they are already getting basically top exclusive rights. When it comes to Trulicity, clearly the product is doing extremely well. We are very excited about the overall growth of the class. So we see significant expansion of the GLP-1 class continuing. And of course, Trulicity has superior share performance within that class. We do see additional competition coming in both – when it comes to semaglutide as well as the oral GLP-1. Of course, we need to wait for additional data. What type of label will these products get. Clearly, the efficacy of sema is, we believe, very good but they also had a signal when it comes to retinopathy. So we need to see what is the label going to look like because we do think that it's not just efficacy but the entire profile. And finally, one of the great benefits that Trulicity I think is offering is we basically feel that Trulicity is almost redefining the first injection experience because patients don't have to touch the needle or see the needle. In a certain way, the feedback that we get from the experience I think is just fantastic. We've said that we are interested in oral GLP-1, and that's something that we're actively working on.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yeah, so when it comes to orals and SGLT2s and DPP-4s are pretty alike. We basically see primary care basically driving about 80% of the overall scripts. Now, one thing that we've been watching is basically, what about cardiologists. And what we basically see that is while cardiologists, in the case of Jardiance, are a significant source of authority. And while we have seen an increase, the base of prescribing is extremely, extremely small. I don't have the actual split for the GLP-1s, and I'm cautious about making it because that class has been evolving very, very quickly. And what we basically see is huge growth when it comes to primary care right now. But that class used to be about 50/50. And we'll provide the specifics of where we are now.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. Just on Trulicity. First, our access right now is outstanding. I think it reflects the – given the clinical and business performance of the product, Trulicity is now basically added in most plans. So our access in both commercial and Part D is north of 80%. Unfortunately, I'm unable to provide forward-looking expectations in terms of pricing.
Christi Shaw: Hi. Yes. Thanks for the question. I think what you read is exactly right regarding bari. We continue to believe in the risk-benefit profile of baricitinib at the four and two milligram. And what we need to do next is really get with FDA and understand specifically what their concerns are. So the answer is, yes, we disagree. But we want to meet with them and make sure that we understand completely and see if we can find a path forward quickly to allow patients that are suffering access to baricitinib.
Christi Shaw: Sure. So, the first question I'll take is the one on rheumatoid arthritis. We have not contemplated a scenario in which we will not pursue baricitinib for rheumatoid arthritis. We continue to believe, as I said, in the safety benefit-risk profile. Of note I think it's important to say that the submission that we had in Europe was exactly the same as that we had in the United States. And we stand behind the European decision and the label that they granted. As we look at other studies and clinical studies, we actually are continuing those. Obviously, we'll take into account our discussions with the FDA. But we are looking at continuing those studies and starting a Phase 3 trial in psoriatic arthritis by the end of this year.
Christi Shaw: Yeah. In terms of the bari timing, it's really, we can't give you an estimate on whether it's this year or next year until we meet with the FDA, which we are hoping we will do within the next 60 days.
Christi Shaw: Sure. So, coming new to Lilly, obviously the data we saw in Taltz in these studies plays out in the marketplace. It's really remarkable, the PASI 100 data and how physicians are seeing the benefits play out with patients in their offices. And that's what's really leading to the NBRx share gains and growth. The growth continues. As you probably know, we passed Enbrel early last year. We passed Cosentyx later in the year. We continue to believe that the IL-17s are the best-in-class and a huge market opportunity for us as we close the NBRx share on Stelara. And that, in spite of not having a lot of formulary access with all of the payers. So we continue to work on that. So, yes, there is opportunity to grow in that area.
Christi Shaw: Sure. So we don't know what we'll need until we actually meet with the FDA. As I said before, we believe in the benefit-risk profile of the four milligrams and the two milligrams across dosage groups. And that's what we continue to see with the data. And we want to make sure that what we provide to the marketplace is something that is effective and safe for the patients that it serves. So, right now, we're looking at a four-milligram and two-milligram and open to the discussions with the FDA. And we'll see how they go and get back to you after that.
Derica W. Rice: Good morning, Gregg. And thanks for your question. As it relates to the mid-term guidance of achieving a minimum of 5% on average revenue growth between 2016 and the end of the decade, there are no new additional caveats that I can offer, Gregg. We feel as confident about achieving that goal today as we did when we put that guidance out last year in July. Recall that we've always said that the growth prospects for Lilly did not reside or rest on a single asset. It really is about the strength across the portfolio of opportunities that we talked about. And up to now, we launched seven new products, and eight if you include Olumiant in Europe. So we feel very good about our growth prospects going forward. And we factored in that we may not always have 100% success across each molecule. But in aggregate, we are very confident we can achieve that minimum 5% goal.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, Andrew. And this question I really have to give kudos to our manufacturing team. The gross margin improvement is really driven by lowering our per unit cost. It's not due to mix effect and that means that it should be sustainable going forward. Do recall also that in the second half of the year, you're going to see negative pressure on our gross margins because we began to feel the impact of the next round of patent expiries. So we will have lost Strattera and Effient in the U.S. So that's what brings down the drag that we expect in the second half. But, again, what's helping us to weather that is by the manufacturing team absolutely reducing our per unit costs.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, John. With regards to learnings from our YZ experience, the biggest difference is the fact that with this next wave of patent expiries we are able to offset that with new product launches. When we launched our four largest products during that YZ period, we did not have any new product launches during that period. So the real key is having new product launches. And then that's really contingent on our ability to sustain the flow of R&D output. So you'll see we're very committed to that. And that's why you saw us announce the CoLucid deal earlier this quarter, which is, again, another increased effort in bolstering our late-phase pipeline. And then the third learning is just having a sustained productivity agenda. That's why we came out in 2015 in saying, hey – or actually in 2012, we believe we can get to that 50% water mark in 2018 in terms of OpEx as a percent of revenue. We said that we can improve our gross margins between 2015 and 2020. And while we set the 50% water mark for 2018, we're not resting on our laurels thinking that's the end of the journey. We think we can improve beyond that. We just haven't put those statements out there at this point in time.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, Jami. In regard to our mid-term guidance and the relevance of bari in the U.S., absolutely we are planning for success of that molecule. And we have not given up on the prospect of that opportunity. So as Christi said earlier, we're looking forward to engaging with the FDA and we'll work diligently to try to find a pathway forward to bring that molecule to patients here in the U.S. That being said, that guidance that we put out there around the 5%, that's what we believe to be the minimum performance that we thought we could achieve. What we didn't do is provide what we thought was the maximum what we could achieve. Even taking into account the impact of bari, we still believe we could stay above that 5% minimum goal that we established in terms of average growth between 2015 and 2020. So, again, our confidence is still very high in our ability to achieve that objective.
Derica W. Rice: In regards to the guidance, as you saw in our press release and in our remarks here this morning, we reaffirmed our guidance for 2017. As it relates to the KEYNOTE data, we're excited about the data itself. We look forward to hearing the feedback and the outcome with the discussions with the FDA. Clearly, if it's positive, it would go to support that guidance. But when we put our guidance together, we contemplate, again, as I stated earlier, a number of various scenarios that we will have to contend with, whether it's over the next 12 months in terms of our annual guidance or as it relates to our mid to longer-term guidance when we're talking about the 5%. And this would be just one of those additional scenarios that's factored in.
Derica W. Rice: And just, Marc, overall, if you saw from our prepared remarks, that Vetmedica added about 30 basis points of our overall 8% volume growth in the quarter.
David A. Ricks: Thanks. Thanks, John. Well, I think we've addressed this question before, but just to reiterate. Basaglar is a great fit for us because we already have an asset base to make the product, we have a commercial investment that can sell the product and we have devices that are world-class that the product goes in. So it's really a drop-in to a broader insulin play and rounds out an important part of the portfolio we weren't participating in, which is the innovative basal segment, which is obviously a big segment of the diabetes market. But our core strategy in diabetes is to innovate above and beyond the benefits of glargine in basal insulin as it is all other therapies. And that's really the same as our other therapy areas, oncology, immunology. Our main focus is on innovation to beat the standard of care today for something better for patients. If those same dynamics played out for a TNF biosimilar or something else, sure, we'd look at it. When you can get a lot of leverage financially and it tucks into your portfolio, that can make good sense. But we don't have a broad-based division associated with biosimilars work. We're not pursuing that at this moment.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Sure. Thanks. I think, Jami, your question is, if I heard it right, is would we undertake some very large cost restructuring programs and sort of make a one-time move in operating margins. Right now, under the scenario we see and per the discussion we also had with Derica today, we see a continuous top-line revenue growth driven by new products. And the kind of performance we put up in Q1, if we just compound that out I think will yield impressive margin gains. Reminding people 7% top line, 3% cost curve, yielding 18% income growth. I think if we compound that over the next several years, you'll be (51:50) top-tier financial performance out of Lilly. Ad that's where we're focused on rather than try to have some disruptive event that would perhaps set us back in terms of revenue growth and our R&D productivity. So right now that's what we're focused on. Of course, we have scenarios, as Derica described, that have different mixes of products that get us to that 5% average top line, some that get us well above it. We're very comfortable with that guidance now.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. It's primarily based on a topline growth, that's right. If you do the math, there are targeted cost reductions, which have been and we'll continue to undertake, to reshape the company and make it as competitive as it needs to be as well as service the R&D engine as well us the launches that are underway.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. Well, our posture on M&A really hasn't changed. It's a top priority for deployment of capital. Of course, we are very interested in targets that would enhance our position, whether it be pipeline or otherwise, in oncology, in diabetes, in immunology or in Alzheimer's or pain. When we've seen those things, we've moved quickly. I think CoLucid is an example of that. The reality in the world, though, is, I think, that there are constraints. And one of them is pricing. We're not the only company looking for these assets. The other is strategic fit. We're going to be disciplined to stick to therapeutic areas where we have an ongoing interest. We think this is where we have information advantage and we want to trade on that. And then I think the asset fit within our pipeline, when we're talking about pipeline assets, we seek to acquire things that can be producing interesting combinations or fill gaps. So we're very focused on this space. Obviously, we had one transaction in Q1. I hope we can find more like it because we see a lot of value in CoLucid as an example. It's a top priority for me and we continue to scour the planet for good opportunities to add to Lilly's growth story.
David A. Ricks: And just as a reminder, the R&D study just had the four milligram in it against Humira. So I think if that's your question, just remind the group that that was the only dose studied in that particular (1:10:10) analysis.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, and just briefly on baricitinib. You're correct in saying that the program had a number of step ups after the initial placebo-controlled phases. So many patients moved from two to four milligrams or placebo to four (1:21:50) standard in RA studies. And we also in the long-term study everyone rolled into, we had a step-down feature. So we have a lot of data about two versus four, and we look forward to talking to the FDA more about that data in the coming weeks and days.
David A. Ricks: Okay. Thanks, Phil. We participate your participation in today's earnings call and interest in the Eli Lilly & Company. As we've discussed before, Lilly is entering a period of growth driven by new product launches. The diversity in our portfolio, our top-line growth prospect and the opportunity for margin expansions over the balance of the decade provide a compelling thesis for investors. I look forward to our continued interactions and keep you informed of our progress. Please follow up with our IR team if you have any questions we didn't address today. Thanks again. Have a good day.
