Kevin Hern: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company’s Q1 2022 earnings call. I am Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today’s call are Dave Ricks, Lilly’s Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo Oncology at Lilly and President of Lilly Oncology; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly USA. We are also joined by Sara Smith, Kento Ueha, and Lauren Zierke of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors including those listed on slide three. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now I will turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Dave. We would like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. Luis [ph], please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we are ready for the first caller.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Andrew. We will go to Mike for the first one on the trajectory in obesity and then Jake for the question around SERD.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Steve. We will go to Dan for the regulatory question then Anat for the question on inventory.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Vamil. We will go to Dan for the question on kind of early phase obesity and then we will go to Mike for the question around Trulicity duration and implications in obesity.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Kerry. We will go to Dan for the questions around regulatory filing around tirzepatide and then again to Anat on IPR&D and guidance.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Anat. And Kerry had a question on the Type 2 diabetes PDUFA. We don’t give PDUFA dates. We announce it in the quarter when we submitted it. But we -- as we said, we expect that by midyear. Thanks for your questions. Next caller, please.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Evan. We will go to Dan for the first question around tolerability discontinuations and then, Mike, for the second one on Trulicity and tirzepatide.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Chris. We will go to Mike for just the thoughts on outcome studies in the competitive landscape there in obesity, and then Anne for the question on the NCD in the donanemab.
Kevin Hern: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Robyn, for your questions. The queue is exhausted. We will go to Dave for the close.
Mike Mason: All right. Louise, thanks for the compliment upfront. We appreciate that. I think the market opportunity is, kind of remains what we thought before, we see it as a sizable opportunity and when we look at the just the massive numbers of people who live with obesity over 100 million people in the U.S., 650 million people globally contributes a burden of over $1 trillion globally. We do think it’s a huge opportunity. It should be perceived as a -- and treated as a chronic illness. It not only has health implications. But if you live with obesity, it’s a very visible disease unlike others that really brings with it some unfortunate stigma into society that really hurts individuals both physically and emotionally. And so there is a need to treat this disease. The market is not going to develop overnight. We have to increase awareness that this is a chronic disease that needs to be treated. We do need to establish and grow the access for it. So we are looking long-term to this. I think it’s important for us to be able to build the foundation, build the knowledge that this is a chronic disease, get that appreciated by healthcare professionals and payers and then grow the market. So we are going to look long-term. We are investing obviously not only in tirzepatide but early -- many early assets, because we do think this is a need in the marketplace that we need to focus on, and obviously, we are quite delighted by SURMOUNT-1, not only the high dose. I mean, obviously, when we saw the 52 pounds of weight loss at the high dose on average, we were wowed by that, but I am also as excited about the 16% weight loss at the 5 milligram, because everyone -- we look at the averages, but there is no averages out there. Every individual is different and we need to have a medication that at different doses offer different weight loss and so I am very pleased about the dose profile and the weight loss profile across all the doses. As Dan said, we have originally on the -- on your filing question, we have aligned with the FDA on four trials for the SURMOUNT-1, 2, 3 and 4 program. But given the huge market need and given this data, we do think it warrants a discussion with the FDA about whether we can find a path to accelerate it to the marketplace to meet this need. The SURMOUNT-1 data is great. We also have over 4,000 patients in the SURPASS-5 Global Restoration studies that provides a lot of good information on the safety and efficacy of tirzepatide in the diabetes population to go along with SURMOUNT-1. So we look forward to that conversation. I think when we -- when you look at, I think your last question was, are we more excited about diabetes and obesity. I think we are equally excited about both of them. Obviously, we will focus our attention on diabetes first, still a huge massive unmet need. We have unfortunately only half of people who live with Type 2 diabetes in good control. So we will focus on that and then we will focus long term on obesity as I have said earlier. So thanks for the question. Thanks for the compliments. Appreciate it.
Mike Mason: Okay. Thanks for the question. I will answer your second question first on kind of our commercial positioning. Obviously, for competitive reasons, we will keep that to ourselves at this time, know that we will focus on maximizing the opportunity long-term in diabetes and obesity and we will make the right moves whether that’s one or two brands. We will have dialogs with the FDA on the one versus two brands and it’s too early to talk about that at this point. With regards to the AdCom, we don’t anticipate an AdCom for tirzepatide.
Mike Mason: Yeah. Thanks, Dan. Yeah. Thanks and thanks for the compliments on the data. Yeah. The -- I wouldn’t look backwardly at the fact that with that obesity agents up to this point really haven’t been able to secure good access, at the weight loss levels that you were seeing 5%, 6%, 7% weight loss. No one was able to produce or no one has produced health outcome benefits at that level of weight loss. So it makes sense for payers not opening access for those probably more cosmetic than true health benefits. But if you are looking at a product like tirzepatide that can deliver up to 22.5% weight loss, we do believe and there’s good data out there to suggest that’s going to really improve and lead to the good health outcomes. We have to produce that over time and we will do that. But I don’t think that will limit us from gaining access in the meantime. I think when you look at novel access [inaudible] under at 20 million, 25 million, people who live with obesity in the U.S. having access. So I think we can continue to build on that. I think there was a real big win for obesity access recently with the Federal Health employees gaining access for obesity agents. So I think that’s a important trend. Also understand that we are -- we have -- we are dedicated to produce a series of trials that we hope will demonstrate and we expect to demonstrate good outcomes with tirzepatide for sleep apnea, HFpEF, as well as our outcome study that will include cardiovascular. Now those are indications right now that do have access. So both Part D you take sleep apnea, for example, that has good coverage in both commercial and Part D. So we do expect that we show good outcomes there that for those people who have obesity and sleep apnea that we should be able to gain access for it. So we think we do believe that access will start off and where it is today and grow it over time. But we are committed long-term to build access and help people who live with obesity for the duration.
Mike Mason: Okay. I think that may have been more than two, but I will go through these pretty quickly. So, first of all, weight loss plateauing. I think we have to leave some of the data for our medical meetings coming up. So I will reserve that for that. We do believe that this is a chronic illness that requires a chronic treatment. So we do believe people will need to stay on the drug long-term in order to get the benefit. And then pre-diabetes, I look at that as an important population that tirzepatide could provide health outcomes for, so probably more about showing data where our segment could benefit from it versus having a labeled indication for it.
Mike Mason: Yeah. As I said earlier, I do think it’s going to be one that you are not going to probably spur now the gate on that. You will have a sizable segment but one that will grow over time. We will provide supportive care bridging programs, as you say at launch to make sure and support people so they can have a good experience and see the benefit to the weight loss. But we do think it’s something that this is one that I would look at the obesity market, one that will establish, it will be decent size, but it will grow for the next decade or two.
Mike Mason: Yeah. Thanks for the questions. A very good question. The -- when you look at diabetes versus obesity, it’s hard to compare, I think, to suggest that because the nature of the diseases that you will have like similar discontinuation rates or our length of therapy. When you look at when someone starts Trulicity in Type 2 diabetes, they only have a fraction of the beta cell health of someone who is normal before the onset and the run-up of pre-diabetes and diabetes has lowered the functioning of the beta cell and so what you have in diabetes is that beta cell health continues to decline and then at some point, you may have to go on insulin. We don’t believe that it will have that same dynamic and obesity that the effect of weight loss with someone who lives with obesity is not going to have that same effect of kind of wearing off with the beta cell health that you see for Trulicity and our GLPs in diabetes. So we do believe that the weight loss will be more durable and that patients will be well motivated to stay on therapy. That said, it will be an area of focus for us to make sure that we learn why people stop taking obesity agents and we will do whatever we can to support patients during the entire length of therapy.
Mike Mason: Yeah. I mean, good question. I mean I think the strength of the SURMOUNT-1 data makes us confidence in the entire tirzepatide Phase III program for all indications and so, obviously, our hypothesis, one of the hypothesis was weight loss would help individuals with HFpEF, and obviously SURMOUNT-1 supported that. So we are confident in our HFpEF program for tirzepatide. I don’t believe we have, and maybe Dan can lead into that question, off the top of my head, but I do believe we have any interim readouts on our heart failure study.
Mike Mason: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Our focus is going to be growing the class, as well as growing our share of market in the class. We will try to maximize the opportunity for our entire incretin portfolio. I mean what’s most important is not necessarily switches for molecules, existing products, but more the new patients that are coming on into the incretin class and winning those new patients. And so, I think over time, we will get a mix between new patient starts and switches from other GLPs. But I think primarily, our focus is going to be on really driving tirzepatide wins of new patients coming into the class and so that will be our approach going forward.
Mike Mason: Yeah. Good question. We touched on this a little bit early, but I think, the -- we expect the Step CV study to be successful given the expected weight loss and what he has expressed. We think that will be important to continue to grow the class and for some payers winning access on it. So we hope that the Step program is successful, we expect it will be, and obviously, we have a very comprehensive Phase III program to demonstrate outcomes for obesity, we also are confident in.
Mike Mason: Yeah. I mean, I think, that we are going to talk about and in today’s discussion obviously we will internalize this data. We will -- this is, as we said earlier, this is an important therapeutic area for us, massive unmet needs and one that we are looking to play the long-term game on. So when you put those together, we obviously are, we will be very thoughtful and aggressive and if we do feel that there is additional need for trials on tirzepatide that can provide insights to payers and healthcare professionals, we will do those trials. Thanks for the questions.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks. Of course, we believe and there is really quite a bit of evidence that weight loss will lead to really strong benefits in outcomes across a variety of diseases. Obviously, cardiovascular disease is near the top of the list, but many others as well. We know a lot from bariatric surgery, which has shown that it can reverse Type 2 diabetes or prevent the onset of diabetes. It can reduce cardiovascular risk. It can decrease even mortality when you get weight loss. That’s really in the range of what we saw in this trial. So we are excited about the potential to change those outcomes. Of course, as you point out, we have to demonstrate that. We will do that over time. But given where we are in our understanding of this disease process and given the depth of unmet medical need in obesity, I don’t see that data as a gating factor for user reimbursement of the drug. Maybe Mike can offer more details on that.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Okay. Sure. Seamus, I mean, let me start with tirzepatide and sort of the comments that I made on the regulatory path. The FDA has clear guidance on what’s required to get an indication for anti-obesity drug and those guidance documents form the basis of our previous discussions in alignment with the agency. Our base case based on those has been and really continues to be the submission will require the full package of Phase III data from this trial -- from this program. On the other hand, as I said, I think, we were impressed and delighted with the data that we got from SURMOUNT-1. It’s a very large Phase III trial as you pointed out and there are a number of elements here that encouraged us to open the door for additional discussion with the FDA. You asked what is it specifically. Maybe I will highlight two or three things. First, the efficacy, as you pointed out, the more than 20% weight loss is really unprecedented level of weight loss in the field and I think that’s exciting for patients and addressing a very significant unmet medical need. Second is the safety and tolerability data that we got. I think there is a pleasant surprise there if you look at how well tolerated this drug was, how few discontinuations we had, and as I pointed out, more discontinuations for treatment on placebo made more than on the active arms of the drug, just indicating that people tolerate this why I want to stay on the drug and appreciate the weight loss benefits they are getting. So the very good safety and tolerability profile that we are seeing, combined with the extraordinary efficacy profile, I think, is a major step in that argument. The last piece, of ,course is that we don’t see this data in isolation. This builds on a very significant Type 2 diabetes program, which of course, involves many patients with Type 2 diabetes and obesity and demonstrated safety and efficacy in that setting as well. So we will see how that goes and I think to circle back to Chris’ question, when do we learn more, as we have discussions with regulators. If we learn more and we see that there is an opportunity for expedited path here, we will be as forthcoming with investors as possible. Your second question here was around Alzheimer’s and where we are thinking about our profile versus competitors and when those competitor readouts, what are we going to be looking at. I think we have a number of design elements in TRAILBLAZER 2 that we spoke about previously that we think could be very important, probably, starting with our use of biomarkers to select patients not just amyloid positivity, but also win doing in on patients with intermediate tau levels. So these aren’t patients who have too much tau in the brain, because we think there beyond the point where anti-amyloid drugs will help them nor are they patients with no tau in the brain because we think those patients won’t progress even on placebo, and therefore, won’t get benefit from a drug. So we think selecting those patients will give us the opportunity to see better efficacy in a more homogenous background. Second, we think we have a drug that lowers amyloid faster and to a steeper degree and that should translate to improved benefits. And then third is some of the statistical differences in our analysis plan focusing on a composited measure ADRS, which we are excited about and things should be more highly powered to see a larger effect size. So all of those things combined lead us to a point where even if competitors trials are negative, and I think, there’s a reasonable chance one or both could be, we won’t be discouraged. What I expect to see though is when we look at the totality of data from competitor readouts prior to ours, we will see evidence that lowering amyloid in general is having a positive effect on solving cognition and function. Even if some trials on some endpoints at some time points hit or don’t hit statistical significance, I think it’s that totality data that will encourage us, and then as I said, our trial’s designed to hit. So that’s what we are hoping for and that’s what we expect middle of next year.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks for that question. I think you are right, in past studies of different medications for weight loss. There have been a lot of patients who didn’t respond. That’s not the case with tirzepatide. So we are really delighted that at the 10 milligram and 15 milligram dose, more than 96% of patients had at least 5% weight loss. So this drug is working to some extent in the vast majority of patients in this trial and nearly two-thirds of the patients at the highest dose are getting 20% weight loss, which is really a life-changing level. So I think you are right. Patients are -- have variable degrees of resistance to anti-obesity mechanisms. But I also think that this combination of GIP and GLP that we have in tirzepatide is such a powerful mechanism that it overcomes those resistant patients for the most part. Thank you.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Sure. So let me start with the Alzheimer’s questions. I think we have been public about our stats plan. I think the focus on ADRS is well warranted by all of the data that we have collected by a pretty detailed statistical analysis, many of which have been published on past trials, which just show this is an outcome that performs better from a statistical perspective then things like CDR Sum of Boxes, while still capturing both function and cognition. So CDR is noisy and also appears unreliable. If you look across sister studies, for example, the two solanezumab studies or the two aducanumab studies, CDR Sum of Boxes can move in opposite directions in different studies whereas ADLs and ADAS-Cog, the two components of ADRS are much more reliable, move together show consistent effects. So that’s where we are, I think it’s an evolution of endpoints and we will do our best to justify that with regulators once we have our data. Why wouldn’t we have CDR Sum of Boxes was the second part question. Well, of course, we do. It’s -- will be a gated secondary for sure, and I think from our perspective, the worst case scenario is that we are held to achieving ADRS and CDR Sum of Boxes. That’s okay. If that happens, I hope and expect that we will have a good chance to hit CDR Sum of Boxes. But, of course, we are going to put what we see is the least noisy, most reliable, most formative endpoint first in our statistical analysis, which is ADRS. With respect to IL-2, you are right. This was a pretty fast in and out in ulcerative colitis. We were pleased to enroll this Phase II study pretty quickly. We triggered interim analysis based on a certain number of patients with a certain amount of follow up and based on that analysis and pre-specified criteria, we do not see enough efficacy to proceed. So it fail that futility analysis. We dropped that indication, wind down that particular study in ulcerative colitis, but two other indications persist.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: All right. Steve, I think, you said, it’s not a surprise. I think there are some things here that are quite a bit more positive than maybe most people would have expected. Certainly, the level of efficacy here that was achieved was I think higher than most expectations, as well as the tolerability. So the adverse events from nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, lower probably than what most people would have expected treatment discontinuations particularly lower. So I think on the whole, we have a data package that does exceed expectations. So it’s really at the top end of the range of what we thought might be possible for a drug tirzepatide. So we are excited about that. Specifically, you are asking about regulatory interactions. We usually don’t want to get into like back and forth on and things like that. But just to be clear, as I said before, our alignment with the FDA was around submitting when the full package is complete, and have not had discussions yet about what other options might exist in light of the state.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks, Vamil. You are asking about our long-acting Amylin agonist here. We have been interested in biology of other incretins and incretin like pathways for many years, maybe a decade now or more. Amylin is one of those pathways. We have worked on dual Amylin calcitonin receptor agonist. This is a pure Amylin agonist. We are exploring these and other similar mechanisms as complements likely to tirzepatide. I don’t expect any of these mechanisms to offer this kind of weight loss, 22.5% weight loss. But I think it may be for some patients who desire even additional weight loss that you could stack one of these mechanisms on top of tirzepatide. But clearly, we have raised the bar and we will look through our Phase I and Phase II portfolio now with even higher criteria for progressing. I think to a new weight loss mechanism now is going to have to be in the very high 20s I think to be an exciting advance beyond tirzepatide. Maybe adding something to tirzepatide could accomplish that and offer the majority of patient’s efficacy similar even better to a bariatric surgery. That’s the next frontier.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: … to preserve the integrity of the study. So sometimes we build those options and sometimes, we are not. But I totally agree that this weight loss sort of at the high end of expectations, as I said earlier, it’s just got to increase our confidence in HFpEF. And of course, as we dig deeper, we will look at a number of biomarkers in the study, which could further inform cardiovascular benefits.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Kerry. Just to clarify, we didn’t announce plans for an early filing, we just said, we are moving to the next step and discussing options with regulators. You are right we do have a PR that we have repurchased. We are excited to have a portfolio with -- rich with opportunities, both new molecular entities, as well as the new indications such as the obesity indication. We will choose based on regulatory path that are available to us and unmet medical needs and competition, of course, what’s the best opportunities that factor on.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks. In this study, the tolerability of the 10 milligram and 15 milligram doses were pretty similar. So it’s not surprising the treatment discontinuation rates could have been pretty similar. Of course, there is a little bit more efficacy on the 15 milligram dose, which is important driver to stay on therapy. So probably see the balance of tolerability and efficacy playing out a little bit better, perhaps, in the 15 milligram and the 10 milligram. But these are all pretty small rates of discontinuation, if you look at sort of mid single-digit rates of discontinuation for AEs. So that’s really great. I think better than expected.
