Joe Fletcher: Thank you, Lois, and good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q3 2022 Earnings Call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo@Lilly; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly U.S.A. We're also joined by Mike Sprengnether, Kento Ueha and Lauren Zierke of the Investor Relations team.  During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures.  Now I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we ask you please limit your questions to 2 per caller. Lois, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Seamus. So I think for the first question on the kind of North Carolina manufacture facility dynamics, I'll hand over to Dave. I mean, David, if you want to comment also on the insulin, I think he's referring to the MCAP dynamics.
Joe Fletcher: We'll go to Dan on both questions. First one around obesity, Amgen's data and then the second one around Alzheimer's and discrete dosing related to antidrug antibodies.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Louise. Mike, let you kind of handle both. First one is around what we see for the market for oral glips and then around prospects for positive SELECT study.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Andrew, for the question. So for the first one on Remternetug and the time lines, maybe hand to Anne to chime in as well as the NCD removal dynamics. And then for the second one on the commercial potential for oral Glips, we'll go back to Mike.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Evan. So for the first question on Mounjaro, the kind of outcomes trial and what we need for payer access, I'll hand that over to Mike. And then for the Clarity AD, I'll hand over to Anne.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Tim. And you got an extra question in there out of the 2. But we'll go to Anne maybe to comment high level on Roche and then also on the pushes pulls for donanemab expectations for timing and then finally, lacanumab differentiation. Maybe on the Roche, maybe Dan give your thoughts first.
David Ricks: Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up the progress we've made in the third quarter. We continue to grow our recently launched medicines, including Mounjaro's strong U.S. launch. At the same time, we continue to advance our pipeline, progressing towards potential launches for 4 new medicines by the end of next year, while also internally and externally investing in our early-stage pipeline and discovery capabilities. With the progress we've made, we remain confident in our long-term growth prospects.  Now I'll turn the call over to Joe to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Thanks, Umer. So Mike, go back to you on both questions. First one on inventory contribution to Q2 sales, and then the second on the gross to net and how that would compare versus what we saw with Trulicity.
David Ricks: I can. And Mike, jump in if I get that wrong. So just to step back on capacity, we did make some comments today related to this. And we've taken actions in the quarter to slow demand internationally on Trulicity, primarily because of the constraints by a competitor, which have shifted demand to Trulicity internationally. Should that happen domestically, of course, that will -- I think we're just trying to give a fair balance to say that, that would be an increase in demand we'd have to manage too as well.  But we are producing above our plans right now. We see that continuing. And the next step-up, Seamus, that we expect in capacity will be North Carolina, which will happen towards the end of next year. Just for clarity, there's actually 2 sites in North Carolina. One we announced in 2020 and one more recently down the road in Concur near Charlotte. That second facility will also come online beginning in '24 with some capacity and really '25 more fully. So the company has taken some pretty aggressive investment steps, and those steps in North Carolina are focused on what we'll call the parental filling and the drug finishing process which is the device that is used for Trulicity, but also Mounjaro.  We take a platform approach. So that device is also used for other Lilly biologics. And gives us flexibility to match supply and demand more agilely. Although Mike's comments were well placed earlier that it's not perfect, like inside of 90 days, we can't perfectly match every skew of demand to every SKU produced. But it does give us a lot of agility. Those 2 sites in North Carolina, I'll point out, I think as Anat said, are huge.  So the first one will literally double our global capacity when it's online, and the second side is a similar size. So we've taken some big CapEx decisions, and it looks well placed given the early uptick in Mounjaro, which looks quite substantial. Those do not speak to the API side. API is a different supply chain. We've also taken actions to expand that capacity. It's currently not the bottleneck and is not expected to be the bottleneck, which is the peptide synthesis process we use.  Of course, big caveat around all this is, of course, things can go wrong. Regulatory approvals are required to bring the new sites online in an on-time fashion, but that's our current outlook. And as Mike said, long term, we're extremely confident we can supply a massive volume of Trulicity and Mounjaro. But these step-ups do take a little bit of time. And should we have a lapse in competitor supply, that will challenge our ability to meet demand. I think that's the main message from today.  As it relates to MCAP, you're right, that beginning in January of '24, for the cap on payments or rebates to Medicaid programs for medications that have a CPI penalty that pushes them above 100% rebate will be lifted, and we will be required to pay states to use our product in that situation. We have not announced our plans to deal with that, although we're formulating plans to deal with that.  And of course, the best thing to do is keep inventing new things, which reset that calculation. And as you know, we've got a Phase III program for weekly insulin and we're progressing efforts on glucose-sensing insulin. We've got, I think, an exciting new approval on Connected Care as well. So all those efforts, I think, are the long-term approach tactically we'll manage through that event at the end of '23, early '24.
David Ricks: Thanks, Chris. Okay. For the first question on tirzepatide obesity and the regulatory requirements around 3 and 4, we'll go to Dan, and then we'll go to Jake for the Verzenio San Antonio Breast Conference, maybe preview.
David Ricks: Maybe if I could jump on this one because I'm speaking to a lot of analysts, there's a desire to anchor on one event that will then trigger broad commercial access for obesity or not. And I don't really think we think it's going to play out that way that already, there are commercial payers who reimburse medicines for chronic weight management and obesity. It's a small number.  We think as the data accumulates over the course of the balance of the decade that, that will become the norm just like we expect in hypertensive to be paid for. Of course, the big action might relate to Troa and the government coverage in the U.S. or similar efforts ex U.S. And those will be more binary. But I wouldn't encourage investors to think about this sort of waiting for one definitive data set, but rather a more accumulating effect over time where commercial access will slowly open up over the next many years due to both Lilly's efforts and other's efforts to prove the health benefits of chronic weight management.
David Ricks: All right. Thanks, Joe, and thanks to the rest of the Lilly team. I appreciate everyone hanging with us on today's call and for your interest in our company. Please follow up with the IR team. If you have any questions that we did not address. Everyone, have a great day. Thanks.
Michael Mason: Okay. Thanks, Chris, for the questions. I appreciate that. As we guided before launch, we recommended that you look at more revenue. It was a better indicator of our performance than net revenue. We took 2 decisions that were really focused on looking at generating long-term value for Mounjaro. First, we decided to put in place a bridging program that would bridge people who have type 2 diabetes with a low out-of-pocket cost of $25 until they achieved formulary access on their insurance. We were confident that we were going to build, and we still are confident that we're going to build good broad access for Mounjaro.  But we wanted to make sure that we had a bridging program in that then allowed us to be disciplined and patient as we gained access. We wanted to make sure that we look for the long term, not the short term. If you're too short term-focused, then you're going to be driven to gain access quickly and not make the right pricing decisions. So we thought the bridging program tied with the disciplined negotiation approach was the best approach. And that's the one we've taken and that's the 1 we've held true to during our launch.  So what we'll see is net price will increase as we gain payer access. In the third quarter, we had 22% of people with commercial and Part D insurance had formerly access Mounjaro. As of October 1, that jumped to 45%. And what we anticipate is we'll still take a disciplined moderated approach to make sure we get the best access for the right price point. And we're still very confident that we will grow and we'll achieve broad access in the upcoming future.  We are also adjusting our bridging program to further ensure that it's utilized for people with type 2 diabetes, which will impact new start volume but should impact net revenue. So we expect over the upcoming quarters that net price will grow for Mounjaro. As it comes to supply, our supply chain has performed exceptionally well since launch. We're taking actions to maximize production supply for our current facilities while we ramp up our new manufacturing facilities that you referenced.  The U.S. Mounjaro launch is really unprecedented with a viral nature given just tremendous patient satisfaction and the visible results that people experience that really spark many conversations with them, the type 2 diabetes community, which then brings greater interest in the type 2 diabetes committee, our community for Mounjaro. But it is a dynamic situation, given the uncertainty of competitor GLP supply and that Mounjaro patient prescription abandonment long-term adherence and dose titration rates have it yet with steady-state, which are all important forecasting assumptions.  So given the dynamic nature of this, it's reasonable to assume that weekly production forecast won't perfectly aligned with weekly demand each week. So this will produce some intermittent delays in meeting wholesale orders for some dosing strengths as we ramp up our supply chain. If this happens, our teams will work hard to avoid or minimize any short-term impact for people that with type 2 diabetes. But stepping back and taking a look at the longer-term picture, we're in a great position.  Mounjaro's launch is going extremely well because patient experiences have been tremendous, and they have a high interest in the product profile. We expect Mounjaro's launch has fueled significant increment market growth which I think just gives us more confidence in the future. And we had the foresight to initiate significant manufacturing capacity expansion before Mounjaro launch because we saw the potential of the product. So we're in a very good long-term position with Mounjaro.
Michael Mason: Yes, all manufacturing supply, I'll reinforce that our main manufacturing supply and teammates have delivered exceptional results, and they continue to look for every way to maximize our production supply. They have all hands on deck to get the Research Triangle Park facility online as soon as possible. And as soon as that facility is available, we'll make good use of that supply.  So we're confident in our ability for our manufacturing personnel and our leadership there. And as I said before, we're very confident in the long-term potential of tirzepatide. With the bridging program, I think your question was more around kind of off-label use of Mounjaro and how much it was.  As you know, Mounjaro was approved in the U.S. for patients with type 2 diabetes, and we have just excellent processes in place to ensure that all promotional activities are in line with our approved label. We're pleased with our disciplined on-label promotional execution. The launch of Mounjaro has been very disciplined and in line with everything that we wanted. So we've been encouraged by both patients and physicians prescribing experiences, and this has driven a very high interest in Mounjaro.  We haven't -- we don't have perfect data to suggest what diagnosis a patient has. The best data that we have is to look at the -- whether those individuals who are starting Mounjaro, whether they have previously been on a diabetes medication or not. Given that our promotion is focused solely on type 2 diabetes, we would expect to see the majority of people use Mounjaro for type 2 diabetes, and that's what we've seen.  While we see fluctuation from week to week in the third quarter, we saw about 2/3 of new patients starting Mounjaro with a history of type 2 diabetes medications. For the remaining 1/3 of patients who are classified as naive to treatment -- diabetes treatments, these individuals could either be newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes patients or individuals who haven't yet been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
Michael Mason: Okay. Good question. Inventory contributions to Q3 sales was 40%. But I also note that as soon as a product shifts our product, we accrue for rebates and discounts whether that product is used to supply patient demand in the pharmacy or whether that's used in the channel for inventory. As it comes to gross to net, the big change is, if you look at the Trulicity launch versus the Mounjaro launch is we did not have a bridging program at the launch of Trulicity like we do for Mounjaro.
Michael Mason: Yes. What you typically see is actually the switching for a new product into our incretin class is typically the switch rates people switching from another incretin to the launch incretin, those rates will actually go down over time. And so that's what I would anticipate. The real opportunity here is to grow the market and make sure that before being proactive to treat type 2 diabetes.
Michael Mason: Yes, I'm happy to answer that question. Actually, with obesity, it's actually kind of counter to what typically happens to the product. Typically, you get it out, it has a finite patient segmentation, you try to explain that with additional indications. Actually, with obesity, you're going to have the broadest indication for people who either have a BMI of 27 with a risk factor or a BMI over 30, which is a massive population in the U.S. and globally.  And so the additions of our trials aren't necessarily to expand the patient population, but is to demonstrate that proactively treating obesity will improve health outcomes in order to drive physicians to write and payers to give access for the product.
Michael Mason: Okay. Thanks, David, for the question. Yes, the percent that was comp from channel was in a U.S. figure. On the -- when you look at our data and you look at percent covered scripts that were paid versus paid through the savings card, that rate in -- since launch has closely matched our access rates. So I would say that's the best indicator for kind of the percent that are paid versus going through the bridging program.
Michael Mason: Okay. On the oral GLP market, I mean, in our market research, consumers are very interested in oral products, both in type 2 diabetes and obesity. And so the prospects of an oral anti-obesity product is very attractive. So we're very encouraged by that opportunity and are excited by our NPA program. As it comes to the positive CV study, if Novo is able to get that with semaglutide, to me, it's -- it's more of an opportunity to show the benefits of the products in the class.  I think any additional benefits that are represented by whether it be our trials or Novo trials are going to help the class and help more payers and more health care professionals take action on the product. And so I think their trial will provide good information and good data for health care professionals and payers. And while our trial is a little bit different, and we think is a little bit broader in nature, we think that will also expand it.  So to me, it's not a comparing our study, the SURMOUNT-MMO study versus SELECT, it's more new information is going to be good for the class, good for health care professionals. We really should be treating obesity a lot more proactive than what we do today. And I think those trials will show the need for that.
Michael Mason: Andrew, I think you're thinking about it correctly. When Rybelsus launched, we expected it to grow the class, not impact the injectable market, and that's exactly what happened. It was more additive to the class. And then as Mounjaro is launched, we only see 1% of Mounjaro's demand coming from Rybelsus or oral GLP. So I think you're right. I think it is additive versus attractive, and we're very pleased with the opportunity.  I think in the oral market, what's going to be key is Rybelsus has some interactions with water and food, which have some dosing limitations, which can impact the efficacy of the product, if it's not followed closely as well as there's a gap between the efficacy of oral Rybelsus and injectables. So I think as you get alternatives in place that doesn't have that food and water interaction as the efficacy of the orals increase, you'll see the market potential even being higher, and that's exactly what we plan to deliver, hopefully, with NPA.
Michael Mason: Okay. Maybe I'll take another shot at obesity access and how we see it develop over time. I think Dave talked about back if it's going to take a steady drumbeat of evidence and every payer, every employer will make the decision independently and that will grow over time. The other approach that we're taking is we're studying our tirzepatide for other indications for people who live with obesity like heart failure and sleep apnea.  These are indications that are already supported by commercial and Medicare Part D. And so we believe that as we get access and demonstrate efficacy there and get indications that, that in itself will unlock subsets of payer access for people who live with obesity who have sleep apnea or heart failure as we continue to build toward our -- the results of the MMO study. So I think it will grow over time, but I think those 2 events are important events in the life cycle of tirzepatide.
Michael Mason: Yes, I'm happy to answer that question. I think dosing titration in the real world is different than our clinical studies and the clinical studies we needed to test, what the dose response was going to be 5, 10 and 15. So in our clinical studies, we titrated every 4 weeks up to additional doses in order to be able to have expedited trials and show the benefit. In real world, what you see is that people will start on a dose, they start at 2.5, they go to 5.  And then what we're seeing is that physicians will hold there and see how they respond and 5 milligrams provides really good efficacy for people living with type 2 diabetes. If they need more, then they'll escalate the dose. It may not be at the 4-week mark, it maybe at a 3-month mark. So those trends are still established in the marketplace, but the vast majority of our volume is in the 2.5 and 5 milligrams.  I want to make sure you're not reading too much into my earlier comments around shortages at any particular dose. My comments earlier were just saying, hey, there's a lot of factors that's going on. There's a lot of dynamics. You've got to plan your manufacturing down at the SKU dosing levels a month or 2 ahead of actually when it's for us. And so will every dose line up perfectly with what the demand is needed for that week in the marketplace. It may not. And if it does, then a dose or 2 may not be able to get the order that week, and then we'll adjust quickly. And our team work very closely and very hard to make sure it doesn't impact patients.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question on SURMOUNT-2 here in FDA requirements. Maybe I'll just start off by relieving any worries that there's any specific concerns with the data or safety or anything like that. We don't see anything such as that driving FDA concerns. I think the FDA discussion around having 2 trials is just to be consistent with FDA guidance for adequate and well-controlled studies in chronic weight management that for that indication, having multiple studies in a population with obesity with primary endpoints defined as per the guidance on thresholds of weight loss is the requirement. And that's the requirement of being held to have 2 studies.
Daniel Skovronsky: Geoff, thanks for the question on future indications for tirzepatide. There are many that we can consider. As you point out, weight loss and restoration of sort of normal metabolism, which we think may be possible with tirzepatide is going to have benefits in a lot of metabolic- and obesity-related diseases. So how do we pick which ones to pursue and when.  I think initially, our thinking has been around generating a body of data that shows that a drug such as tirzepatide when driving weight loss lead to downstream health benefits. So that's what drives the MMO study. We have a heart failure study, a sleep apnea study that are all ongoing. When we think about adding more, sort of where can we see improvements in that medical understanding of the dangers of obesity and the benefits of weight loss and restoration of normal metabolism.  That's how we think about it rather than how big is this patient segment or how big is the next patient segment, noting that almost all of those patient segments will already have obesity as an underlying disease, which we expect to have indicated next year, as I commented earlier. Finally, I think one more consideration here, Geoff, for us is we see fighting obesity as a long-term goal for loan company. And so there'll be multiple generations of drugs here, we hope. And we'll have lots of opportunities to contribute to our medical understanding of weight loss.
Daniel Skovronsky: Thanks, Chris, our understanding is that we'll submit based on SURMOUNT-1 and SURMOUNT-2, as we said, and we don't anticipate needing SURMOUNT-3 and 4 for that submission. So no implications to time line from those study readouts.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Starting with how we think about obesity and in general as much as possible here, our strategy has been to mimic the body's own response to food. So incretins are hormone submitted by -- secreted rather by your gastrointestinal tract in response to eating then lead to satiety and increased calorie expenditure and decreased food intake. That's how they work and GID is one of the major incretins.  So it made sense to pursue a strategy of agonism of that hormone and probably we'll wait and see Amgen's data to understand if antagonism could also have a surprising effect different than the biological effect of acreages normally in humans. With respect to GGG and, I think BCG is our next-generation incretin that's further ahead in development. We've previously communicated that we expect to have internal Phase II data yet this year and use that data to make a decision whether this proceeds to Phase III or not. In which case, we might wait for mastatide data.  That thinking is still consistent and on track for yet this year. The second line of question here was around donanemab discrete dosing strategy, and you're referring here to the notion that we pioneered that once plaques are clear, you can stop taking a plaque-clearing antibody. That was based on our understanding of the biology, nothing to do with antidrug antibodies.  But certainly, we see it as a benefit for patients to not have to continue to take a drug in the absence of having the target or the disease in their brain that's still ongoing. It's pretty specific idea to donanemab, Remternetug and antibodies that are specific to plaques because once the plaques are gone, they're something for the antibodies to do. Our own data that we've shared show that there is no reversion really of adverse biomarkers in patients who've come off therapy. So so far, the data that we have in hand, though it's still early, supports cessation of dosing as appropriate. We'll look to TRAILBLAZER-2 to confirm that hypothesis.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks two thoughtful questions there, Kerry. So starting with the SURMOUNT-MMO, you sort of asked why did we -- why are we doing more typical CV outcome studies in -- of course, you'll know that for drugs and diabetes, there was sort of an FDA requirement around this in the past that sort of focus people's attention on discharging risk. And then ultimately, we discovered that certain classes of drugs can actually provide a benefit.  Here, we're trying to go even beyond that observation and demonstrate what we believe to be true, which is that correcting obesity and correcting metabolism in these patients can have a wide range of benefits. And so that's why we've done 2 things there. We've gone beyond the traditional cardiovascular endpoints. This is primarily a cardiovascular drug. It's a drug that corrects metabolism. And we think that will have broader benefits, including, hopefully, and importantly, all cause mortality.  And then second, we've got to a broader population so that we can show the benefit in that group. So that's our thinking here. And I think it's a natural evolution of this class of drugs as we go forward. With respect to ANGPTL3, you ask about our Phase II and what do we do if we get a positive result. Of course, the reason we do these Phase II trials is to look for promising drugs for patients.  I think in cardiovascular, you rightly point out that it's a high-risk area with big Phase III studies that sometimes carry risk into them. In this case, there's a reasonable understanding of this mechanism and how to translate from 2 to 3 -- Phase II to Phase III. But still, what we're focused on is finding a large effect size drug here. And if we can see a big effect in Phase II that would predict a positive strong signal in a Phase III cardiovascular outcome study then that's exactly what we'll do. In terms of whether that's a thing Lilly does alone or partners, it's probably premature to talk about anything like that.
Anne White: Thanks so much for the question on Remternetug. Obviously, we're excited that we've initiated the Phase III program. And as you noted, we've started the first study, which is to assess amyloid lowering. We have a broader Phase III program that we're initiating as well, looking at the clinical endpoints as we've done for donanemab, but we're excited about what we're seeing so far with Remternetug, which was the next generation.  And so you're going to see us continue to invest in the AD platform going forward based on donanemab's compelling data and then where we're seeing early, it was on Remternetug. And as you said, it offers the convenience of an additional dosing form that we think will offer a lot of convenience to patients. On your question around the NCD, obviously, we hope now that CMS, we now have the Phase II data from donanemab, which clearly showed clinical benefit as well as clearance of plaque. Now we have the lucanumab data, a large Phase III study also showing clinical benefit. Certainly, it's our position that this is time for CMS to reconsider this decision.  So certainly, we would hope that this is resolved before Remternetug reads out. Obviously, the time line though, is not clear. So what you'll see us do, and I'm sure is doing the same as soon as we have that Phase III data requesting reconsideration and moving forward with the evidence that's demonstrated today, we cannot see a reason that CMS will continue to prevent Alzheimer's patients from getting these medicines.  And as we've said in the past, we believe CD really is very restrictive method to provide to the patients who have this disease and also leads to disparity we've seen in care for Alzheimer's disease. So certainly, I hope that this will be resolved by the time we have Remternetug available to patients.
Anne White: Well, thanks for the question on the Clarity AD and maybe getting to your question, we absolutely see the data that we saw there is clinically meaningful. And clearly, patients, families, care partners highly value a delay in loss of independent stabilities. And so a 20% to 30% slowing of the disease initiated in the earliest stage of the disease should mean additional time in the more functional less impaired stages. So we're excited about those results, and we do think that they're clinically meaningful in this space.  And so we look forward, as we've said, to what we'll see with donanemab. There are many reasons that we're extremely confident about donanemab and those haven't changed. So obviously, it's a positive Phase II study that we were able to produce the choice of the endpoint that we have in our study, as you commented, patient selection strategy and then importantly, the speed and the depth of plaque clearance. So we remain very confident in what we'll see out of our upcoming readout on TD 2.  And then your question on, I think that just as we've said in the past, we believe that is the most robust endpoint in this space. And we've always believed that can be a bit of a noisy endpoint, and so indexing on exact numbers is probably not the best move there. But on TRAILBLAZER-ALZ, we powered it for Idris. We showed a 32% slowing, which we definitely see as clinically meaningful. And we believe that Idris will always perform closest to the truth. But in a large enough study, we expect all the endpoints will move similarly. So we continue to be confident about the choice of the Idris. We continue to be confident about the TP2 readout that we'll see in mid-2023.
Anne White: And then the timing, so as I think Dan mentioned during his words that we expect the data readout for TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 in mid-'23. So our intention is to submit the data rapidly and we expect a timely review from the FDA for a supplemental submission. So that could lead to a traditional approval in the first half of 2024. And we certainly, as I mentioned, we expect that we would drive for reconsideration. We certainly hope that CMS would take that Phase III data and not wait for the additional approval to assess the situation. but then maybe also to your comment, we expect really limited uptake in the time of accelerated approval, use said, is an early '23 based on how the CED is currently written. So that's the time line that we're on.
Anne White: Great. Thanks for the comment on having the mind share. We appreciate that. And I think -- as I reflect on that question, which is a good one, I think it's built over the decades that we've been investing in the Alzheimer's space. So we've been at this for more than 30 years, invested quite a bit of time and resources in this. And I think it led to, first of all, diagnostics being significantly evolved in this space with the launch of and that we have Tauvid, and then we also intend to launch a PTAL blood diagnostic next year, which could really improve access and diagnosis of these patients.  And so I think it starts out there with showing our commitment to making sure that the right patients on these therapies. And I do believe that, that was one of the pivot points for how we now have successful trials in this space by the ability to really confirm that people have this diagnosis. All of that learning over the years, all of the insights from the trials that we've had, some of the setbacks that we experienced led to the first positive trial that has happened in this space with the TRAILBLAZER-ALZ and showing both significant and rapid clearance of amyloid plaque, but then most importantly, to everyone showing that, that truly slows the progression of the disease.  And so it's really, I think, some of that mind share is built on the commitment that we've shown to the space, the commitment we've had to making sure that patients truly get diagnosed in that. And that's what we're spending a lot of time in the first few months certainly of next year, as we work towards access for these patients is to make sure that we can drive early and accurate diagnosis.  We're so pleased with how donanemab has continued to perform. As I said, we believe, and I think lecanemab results reinforce what we saw in TRAILBLAZER-ALZ is that clearance of plaque is the key to this disease. And we know that donanemab does that. We look forward to sharing the TV4 data at CTAD. I think you'll see how that reinforces what we saw in TRAILBLAZER-ALZ and then the design and what we believe will be the performance in TV2.  So I think that we deserve that mind share, but I think it's been earned over many years of supporting and investing in this space that has led to positive trials for us and for others. So it's rewarding, I think, for many of the scientists here to see the culmination of this. So -- but again, exciting times, cusp of real meaningful movement for people with Alzheimer's disease. And we really look forward to that readout next year and our accelerated approval early next year as well.
