Kevin Hern: Thank you. Good morning, thanks for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q3 2019 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO; Josh Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr.Dan Skovronsky, President of Lilly Research Laboratories; Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; and Enrique Conterno, President of Lilly Diabetes and Lilly U.S.A; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Bio Medicines; and Mike Mason, incoming President of Lilly Diabetes. We're also joined by Kim Macko and Mike Czapar of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide 3, and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K, 10-Q and any 8-K's, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products in pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the financial contribution from Elanco during 2018 and 2019 and present earnings per share as though the full disposition via the exchange offer was complete on January 1, 2018. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave for a summary of our Q3 results.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we ask that you limit your questions to two or to a single question with 2 parts; please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we're ready for the first caller.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Tim. So we'll go to Josh for outlook for 2020 and then to Dan for the question on Alzheimer's.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Navin. We'll go to Patrik for the question on Taltz and then Enrique for the question about Jardiance.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Seamus. We'll go to Enrique first for the question on Trulicity mix of payers and then Dave for your question on business development .
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Steve, we'll go to Dave for the first handful of questions and then Josh on the share repurchase.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Kevin, Q3 was another strong quarter for Lilly as we continue to deliver robust results and execute on our strategy, which is launching new medicines, advancing our pipeline and driving productivity. Revenue grew 3% this quarter or 4% in constant currency, driven entirely by robust volume growth from our new products and international operations. Volume contributed 8%, -- 8 percentage points of growth despite sizable headwinds from the loss of exclusivity for Cialis in the U.S. and the withdrawal of Lartruvo. Excluding Cialis and Lartruvo volume growth was an impressive 16%. Our newest medicines continue to be the engine of revenue growth and account for 44% of revenue this quarter. We made good progress in productivity in Q3 as our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.6%, keeping us on track to meet our 2019 and 2020 operating margin goals; compared to last year's quarter, operating margin was essentially flat, reflecting lower gross margin offset by prudent management of our operating expenses. We achieved milestones on several pipeline assets since our last earnings call, including the FDA approval of [indiscernible] for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults. The European Commission approval to expand Trulicity's label to include results from the rewind cardiovascular outcome study. The presentation of registration Phase 2 data for selpercatinib in non-small cell lung cancer and thyroid cancers and the presentation of overall survival data of Verzenio in metastatic breast cancer -- also made impressive progress with its development program this quarter with the FDA approval of radiographic axial spondyloarthritis or AxSpA along with its submission in Europe. Submission of our non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis in the U.S. and Europe, which represents our first-in-class opportunity in this indication and positive results from a head-to-head study in psoriasis versus guselkumab in IL-23 antibody. We remain focused on creating long-term value for shareholders as we allocate capital seeking external innovation that will enhance future growth prospects while at the same time we returned nearly $1.2 billion to shareholders this quarter via share repurchase and the dividend. Moving on to slide 5, you'll see more detail on key events since our last earnings call in July. I would like to highlight today's announcements regarding leadership changes and I want to congratulate and thank my long-time colleague Enrique Conterno for significant contributions to Lilly. Enrique has done an outstanding job leading Lilly Diabetes over the past decade really re-establishing our company as a leader in diabetes care with the broadest and fastest growing portfolio of medicines in the industry. Enrique, Lilly will not be in the strong position it is today without your leadership, your energy, optimism and thirst for excellence will be missed. I would also like to welcome Mike Mason as he assumes leadership for our diabetes business unit. Mike is a 30-year veteran with deep expertise and significant experience in our diabetes business. Mike is a patient focus leader with a track record of delivering results for Lilly and for patients in the U.S. and Canada. Under Mike's leadership, Lilly successfully launched both Jardiance and Trulicity in the U.S., becoming the diabetes market volume leader during his tenure. Since July 2018, Mike has led our Connected Care and insulin commercial and development organizations working to leverage technology to enhance insulin delivery and improve the user experience. Importantly, he has also led Lilly's efforts in building the most comprehensive suite of insulin affordability solutions in the U.S., including the Lilly Diabetes Solution Center to support people in need of less expensive alternatives for their medicine. Mike, it's great to have you join our senior leadership team. And now I'll turn the call over to Josh to review our Q3 results and provide an update on financial guidance for 2019.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A. Let me briefly sum up the progress we've made in the third quarter. We delivered robust volume growth of 8% driven by our key growth products and an impressive performance outside the U.S. We continue to demonstrate our launch capabilities and have a diverse portfolio of commercial products to drive future growth. We advanced our productivity agenda controlling operating expenses while investing behind key commercial growth drivers and our late-stage pipeline. In addition, we made important progress toward our margin goals as the operating margin improved 60 basis points versus Q2, 2019 to 28.6%. We made important pipeline progress including the initiation of a new Phase 3 program with mirikizumab in Crohn's disease sharing new registrational data for Olumiant, Taltz, Verzenio, and selpercatinib submitting new indications for Taltz and Cyramza and receiving positive regulatory actions for Trulicity. Finally, we returned nearly $600 million to shareholders via the dividend and completed $600 million of share repurchase as well. We are proud of our strong business performance and excited about the opportunities ahead for the company. There has never been a more inspiring time to be working on discovering new medicines and patients and healthcare providers are waiting the next wave of innovation. We have grown through the headwinds of Cialis and Lartruvo and we expect our strong business performance to continue driven by our newest products and a relative lack of patent exposure ahead and of course by the work of our scientists who continue to redefine with as possible for patients suffering from serious diseases. Looking ahead we are focused on a strong finish to 2019 as we prepare for next year. This concludes our prepared remarks and now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A session.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Chris. We'll go to Josh for the overall 2020 pricing and then to Enrique for your second question more specifically on Trulicity.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Umer. We'll go to Dan for the solo question and then Enrique to talk about what we're seeing today with the duration for Trulicity.
Dave Ricks: Yes, I wish I could provide a clear answer on the probable outcome of the policy debate in Washington, I think it's really unclear other than we probably know that the House bill will probably pass the House completely on partisan lines and then we'll see from there. There are of course a number of initiatives in the various Senate committees that the industry is [indiscernible] and Lilly certainly -- if a version of those came together and passed both chambers; in general that would be I think a modest positive for us. We see important discussion that should happen providing out of pocket cap to seniors is important benefit and any changes that can possibly adapt the donut hole math and other pieces of the benefit, which we're talking about even on this call are helpful for products that are more commonly used for conditions like diabetes, so we track that closely. We're very engaged in this whole discussion, of course probably given the environment in Washington, the most probable thing is there isn't really legislation happening for some time, but -- point to note to investors, where we're promoting changes in particular the Part D benefit and affordability measures that can impact the pocket book at the pharmacy counter without throwing out the baby with the bathwater in wholesale change to the U.S. system, which obviously be hugely damaging to the business model.
Dave Ricks: Louise, thanks for the question. Of course, we set the 2020 guidance in the middle of 2016. So many of the products were facing competition from etcetera today were a twinkle in the eye of the inventors back then and including some of our own launches at that time. We set the guidance because we thought there was a distance between what the people who do your work and the company thought about the long-term prospects, not line by line, but looking at a portfolio of opportunities that existed in front of us, of course, our ability to predict any one competitive situation or product uptake for Lilly is not perfect, but at that time we did project that we would launch 10 medicines by the end of ' 19 in the first five years of that period and that because of the profound nature of those opportunities, we were confident we would find a way to grow the company; at that point, the pharma business 6%, Elanco a bit slower. We've actually raised that to 7% and I think we're closing in on achieving that goal despite the fact that probably how we predicted we get there is at the same way we have. But I think that was the nature of the exercise back then and I think we successfully closed the gap and understanding in terms of what the opportunity for the company to grow was during that time, so we're proud of that achievement. If we look at the competitive threats we face across our big products, of course that are there. I would just point out as well though that Trulicity volume growth in the U.S. was over 40% in Q3. That's in the face of a year and a half of Ozempic and that Taltz volume growth was substantial as well in the face of the uptake and in both those cases, it's important to understand that there is far more growth opportunity left in the classes we're participating in than share erosion threat to our [indiscernible]. Final comment on all this because I know there's lot of interest in the Q3 pricing dynamics on Taltz and Trulicity most of those effects were determined early in 2018 and are now manifesting themselves in Q3 of '19 whether it'd be the donut hole law change, which affect both of them. The rates we contracted on in the commercial mergers that occurred in the payer space or the contracting in the case of Trulicity and what we knew were lower price segments, but a good volume and of course at the margin are highly productive for us to make sure patients in VA DoD, those segments can reach our products. So just to put a perspective on all that long-winded answer but thanks for the question and maybe we address.
Dave Ricks: Yes, thanks for the question on capital allocation in VD. You have a right that we see a significant investment in our own labs, in our own efforts is very important. And we've had good success comment on Phase 1 starts this year as an example, we aggressively want to complement that with outside opportunities really it all phases of development and across all therapeutic areas. Now, of course, our opportunities to add value and find value are not uniform across stages of development or therapeutic areas and so that does skew our work in our effort there. But we are open-minded about all -- we operated in and all phases of development, where we can add value and find value, those are the most exciting and attractive opportunities. Of course, this year we did our largest acquisition ever with Loxo Oncology on the one end, on the other end you saw a nice tuck into our pain portfolio with another, we don't come at this with any particular financial framework, other than finding value and of course valuations and biotech have dropped a little bit lately. So, that always helps the equation. They've been pretty high over the last 18 months prior to that, so we continue to look at all mechanisms -- in all phases and probably because of the number of opportunities, I've said this before, you will see is active in oncology, that's where a lot of early stage biotech is and earlier because that's where more of the opportunities lie.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Great. Steve, thanks for the question. We of course have an answer to all of those things. And honestly, I don't think there has been a more interesting and exciting time to be in this company or more optimistic time and we went through many of those reasons today. We are broad portfolio products that are new in a life cycle with Cialis behind us remembering that Cialis is a 6.0 growth headwind over the last 4 quarters, that's ending now coupled with the one-time price effects, which we went through today, which we really believe are substantially one time either a step-down on the big mergers with our payers or the one-year effect of the donut hole which falls disproportionately on companies like Lilly, who have retail oriented products and then we look ahead in diabetes. I have to be honest, I think the diabetes pipeline, the growth opportunities ahead whether it be with Jardiance or Trulicity [ph] has never been stronger for the company. So I'll let Enrique answer the question on his timing, but I think he is leaving on top and there is another level to get to in Lilly Diabetes that's certainly how I feel I think of course every category we're in, we've talked about, we compete with companies, some of the bigger than ours. Some of them more focused, because we have more opportunities than the average company out there and that doesn't mean that every quarter, every line item we're going to nail our goals. So I think we're honest with ourselves about that, but we have more than half a dozen products that get scale in a significant way and given our base of pharma revenue, I think that continues to offer a unique situation and then you couple that with margin expansion, which were convicted on as per the prior question and given our placement in the league table there, certainly we have upside on that one as the topline scales. I can't think of a better place to work in this industry, to be honest, we've got a great opportunity ahead. Now on share buyback, I'll let Josh address that, but certainly that has been our thinking. We've done aggressive share buyback this year as we think about sources of cash etcetera that's clearly on our list. And when we have that discussion with the board, I'm sure that will be key topic as we planned capital allocation over the coming years. Enrique you want to touch on your retirement. I think it's probably worth a mention here.
Dave Ricks: I would just add, you mentioned another IL-17, but we don't see these two IL-17 as similar and it's interesting to note that all our competitors who are doing IL-17 comparisons are choosing Cosentyx and not Taltz. I'm certain today, no one has actually compared any other psoriasis medicine to Taltz and I think that tells you a lot about the powerful efficacy that we deliver with this leading medicine.
Dave Ricks: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone's participation today and your interest in the company. As I said earlier, we've made meaningful progress thus far in 2019 and we're committed to our revenue and operating margin goals in '19 as well as in '20. While we continue to invest in our innovation-based strategy with a diversified and volume driven revenue growth from one of the freshest portfolios in the industry and complemented by a pipeline full of exciting opportunities, some of which Dan commented on today , we believe Lilly continues to be a compelling investment. Thanks again for dialing in. And please follow up with the IR team if you have questions, we didn't address in today's call. Have a good day.
Josh Smiley: Thanks, Chris. I think as we look into 2020, just going back to the guidance that we gave in December of last year. So we were planning for sort of low single digit net price erosion across the portfolio for the period of '19 and '20. I think that's what we see right now. We are going to see variability in the quarters as you mentioned, we've got donut hole and other things that are particularly I think acute in Q3 of this year, but I think the net as we look and project into 2020 I think sort of low single digit price decline is probably a fair place to be and that's very consistent with how we thought about 2020 goals and our productivity agenda and otherwise.
Josh Smiley: Okay, thanks. Jeff, welcome back. On SG&A, yes, I think if you look at what we see in Q3 and what we've been talking about relative to our productivity goals for 2020. We're pretty comfortable with the absolute level of investment we have behind our new launches. If you look at the last few Baqsimi, which I mentioned on the prepared comments and for example, we're putting those into existing infrastructure and we'll get good leverage there. So we'll continue to invest behind our key launches. But I think the absolute level of SG&A with our ongoing productivity efforts to get more out of each of the promotional dollars we spend, we feel pretty comfortable with that, so you should expect modest to flat growth going forward on that line.
Josh Smiley: Thanks, Tim. As we said in the opening, I think if you look at Trulicity and strip out the things that we see in Q3 that we say are concentrated in that quarter. We feel good as Enrique mentioned, feel very good about the access that we have now and the access we project into 2020 and as we said, you should think about Trulicity at a modest year-over-year price decline, which is really just a function of modest price increases and we like the price and the value that have in the U.S. today. So we'll do everything we can to preserve that and we feel confident as we head into 2020 that that's a very manageable dynamic.
Josh Smiley: Thanks, Dave. On the targets themselves and margins, I think if you look at how we've progressed since we've established those margins, what you've been seeing multiple hundred basis point improvements per year and this year we were clear in saying that wasn't going to be the case, because of the Cialis overhang that we faced this year. So I think when we look at in 2020 and of course, everybody has got different, different models, I think it's a combination probably of where we see revenue and how we think we can manage cost again as I mentioned earlier on a prior question. We feel good about the overall SG&A investments that we have. So as we lose the overhang from Cialis and Lartruvo, the volume gains that we're seeing in the new product portfolio and the price that we're projecting gets us I think in a much better growth position on the top line with modest growth on operating expense line. So again we're confident, we've reiterated, as you know we raised this this number a little bit, we reiterated every opportunity we have that we will get there. I think it's probably just a function of both top line and more modest increases in operating expense. But again, that is very much in the context of the competitive dynamics we face and with the large growth opportunities we have long-term, we are going to invest behind those. In terms of the revenue piece, I think the answer again is the same as you look at how the portfolios performing on an underlying basis this year where we're confident in the minimum number that we need to achieve in order to get to the 7% compound annual growth rate target that we've outlined.
Josh Smiley: Thank you. Yes, just a couple of points; it's Josh. On share repurchase. As Steve, just to remind everybody, we did $3.5 billion share repurchase in the first half of this year, we did 600 million in the third quarter and as you say, when we see opportunities on the margins to create value, we're going to be opportunistic in share repurchase. Of course, we want to be balanced here as we mentioned in the comment, we want to ensure we've got the capital capacity to invest in the pipeline and business development opportunities when we see them. But, yes, you should expect that when we see outsized movements will to do what we can.
Josh Smiley: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. On Taltz -- the Taltz pricing dynamics are a little bit different than Trulicity as Patrik mentioned I think earlier as we've talked about in other calls, about a third of our prescriptions now, just given the access challenges we have are not reimbursed or Lilly ends up being the primary payer. So as we get incremental access, you see interesting price moves here. So we're happy to gain access in pay rebates for that volume because we're transitioning patients in some cases from free product to reimbursed product. That being said, there are other cases where the product may not be on formulary, but as we work through PA process and other things, we end up ultimately getting 100% reimbursement. So I think as you look at that piece, you're going to see it will be a little bit more difficult in Taltz to translate prescriptions to net price. All that being said, I think if you look in the third quarter, the biggest dynamic we saw for Taltz on price was similar to Trulicity and that we saw a prior period adjustment and again this is just estimating the rebate liability and as we looked over the preceding 12 months as we get invoices in we had to make an adjustment there that in total when we look at the sort of in quarter adjustment, it was about 20 points of prices as well, so we don't see that going forward. I think as you look into 2020 as Patrik mentioned we've got some opportunities to gain some incremental access and that will show up at some price concession, but it's more than compensated for and volume. So we see a relatively sort of steady price but lots of things moving around under the water. I think on Trulicity your estimates are good, about 30% of Trulicity right now is in Medicare Part D. We see that probably as pretty stable going forward and as we mentioned we see that the pricing environment on a contracted basis as being pretty stable as we head into 2020 as well.
Enrique Conterno: So Chris when it comes to Trulicity coverage, we have unprecedented access. We are right now in the mid '90s from a coverage perspective, which is outstanding and we are projecting that into next year. It is too early for us to be able to say exactly how the discussions of oral sema are going with payers, of course, we'll learn more they basically get further into some of those discussions.
Enrique Conterno: So, when we look at Trulicity adherence and I think we've said this before, we tend to see better adherence with Trulicity than with other product. One of the things that we measure is refill rates. So, we measure the second refill rate, the fourth refill rate, Trulicity tends to have better adherence than the GLP-1 class, tends to have better adherence than insulin, but also better adherence than orals, which is sometimes difficult to believe but the value proposition is that simplicity; it's is a complicated -- question. When we look at medium duration of therapy, because we do lose so many patients in the first fill and in the second fill across all of the diabetes therapy. Just to give you a sense by the fourth fill, Trulicity is basically in the '60s, what we basically see though is for patients that have stayed after the first year, we tend to lose about a third of those patients every year going forward after that. So that gives you certain sense of what is the adherence of Trulicity as you're thinking about modeling this.
Enrique Conterno: So we do see heart failure for Jardiance as a significant opportunity for us. I think you described it as a blocks status type of potential, and I think that's right; clearly, we do have a lot of opportunity for Jardiance in type 2 diabetes. So heart failure is on top of the opportunity in type 2 diabetes. We do have when it comes to the six minute walk test, we have a read out later this year. You asked whether we believe that data would be fileable with the FDA and we believe that we can get that data on our label. Clearly the outcome studies are also critical for us and they will be coming at the end of next year and then in early 2021, so very significant opportunity for Jardiance and for patients.
Enrique Conterno: Seamus continues to grow across all payers. So whether it's commercial or Part D, of course as we've highlighted, we had this proportionate growth in the VA and DoD and other types of payers that tend to be lower price. But as we look at the future, we do continue to expect growth for the product across all of the different payers. When it comes to primary care, we do see the class continue to grow across all segments and in particular Trulicity has been growing quite a bit when it comes to reaching more primary-care physicians. So a big part of the growth is just having more primary-care physicians try -- new try a GLP-1 and start using and adopting this important class and because of the simplicity of Trulicity, it is an ideal product for that.
Enrique Conterno: Look I'm sad to be leaving and retiring from Lilly. We're very proud I think of the business that we've build in diabetes as good as I feel about building the business together with all of my colleagues, I feel even stronger about the bright future that diabetes has and Lilly has ahead. Just I think about Trulicity, Jardiance great momentum, leadership brands, but with important catalysts when it comes to Trulicity on rewind and the higher doses and when it comes to Jardiance of course heart failure and CKD on top of the opportunity in type 2 diabetes, and I continue to feel very bullish about what tirzepatide could do on both the efficacy and the tolerability profile. So very exciting time for us in diabetes overall and I couldn't be more excited about the future of Lilly Diabetes.
Dan Skovronsky: Thanks Umer for your question on solanezumab and A4 trial, of course this is a trial of solanezumab as you pointed out for higher dose and it was tested in the original Phase 3 studies . But what's really interesting about this trial is that we're testing it in asymptomatic elderly individuals who don't have a diagnosis of Alzheimer's, but do have amyloid plaque in their brain. It's a 4-year treatment that's planned and so we will get data on this trial in mid-2022. So we just have to wait patiently for those results to see if silicon have efficacy in this very early population.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Tim For the question. Of course, with respect to the amyloid hypothesis and the Biogen data. I think there was a lot of thinking about this when they announced their utility, that the main question was whether or not there was evidence that if you removed significant amount of -- brain. This could result in a slowing of cognitive decline, so everyone was sort of waiting to see with the very highest doses where there was high level of amyloid removal what would happen. So I think the data we saw yesterday, from that respect is an important indicator on the amyloid hypothesis. We've thought for some time that complete removal of amyloid from the brain could be the goal here, doing it in early in the right patients could be important and that underlined the design of our trial with -- which we said should be able to remove plaque more quickly and more deeply than anything else we've seen. So I think yesterday's news is reason to be a little more optimistic about that theory. And as I said before, we're excited to see the results of that Phase 2 trial; with respect to your question on combination therapy, indeed we do think that combination therapy is an important avenue in Alzheimer's disease. I think we're the first and probably the only company to have tried a combination of two disease modifying therapies, unfortunately we had to stop that, one of the therapies was a base inhibitor, which proven not to be a productive avenue of investigation. But given that we have both tau and amyloid approaches, I think combination in the future is a very rational approach for Alzheimer's.
Dan Skovronsky: And this is Dan. I could just also add in that we are studying Jardiance in chronic kidney disease and Phase III trial that will read out in 2022. Just another exciting opportunity there.
Patrik Jonsson: Well, thank you very much. We are very pleased with the overall performance of Emgality and we actually became the leader in NRx in Q3 and we have been that for more than 10 consecutive weeks right now and we are also closing the gap in terms of total Rx. When we look upon the access to Emgality, it is a best-in-class access with more of the 90% today in the U.S. and we are making steady progress in terms of the claims paid and we are today -- the claims being paid. And we are making steady progress in that regard as well. We still believe it's very early days for Emgality. We know that we have population in the U.S. of 6 million eligible for preventive treatment and all the 3 million of those are being treated today and year-to-date, we have approximately 100,000 patients treated with Emgality. So we see a tremendous opportunity also moving forward, and also the prescriber base in U.S. is still limited, so only 15% of our customers are regularly prescribers of Emgality. So I think that signals very clearly the opportunity we foresee. We are also excited about the opportunity outside of U.S.; migraine is not a U.S. phenomenon. We had thought million patients suffering from migraine in EU and 9 million in Japan and only 2 million of those are treated in EU and 300,000 in Japan, it's still very early days and we have just received the regulatory approval from European Medical Agency and we are in pricing reimbursement discussion on accounted counter basis, but we believe that the opportunity for Emgality is big also outside of the U.S.
Patrik Jonsson: Well, thank you very much. We are also very excited with the approval of [indiscernible] and we are waiting for the DA to give overall assessment by January of next year and launching very early in 2020. Overall, we believe there is a significant need also in the acute treatment of migraine. We know that currently 5 million of Americans are being treated for acute migraine, but 35% to 40% of those don't respond or can't tolerate the triptans and approximately 15% of those are contraindicated for triptans, so that's why we believe it's really a tremendous opportunity of the 2 decades to launch a new oral treatment for acute migraine. We see some significant synergies with Emgality both in terms of access and the overall infrastructure and particularly being able to capitalize on the learnings that we have had with the launch of Emgality since the beginning of 2018, where we have rapidly been able to take a leadership position, not just in terms of access, but also in terms of the NRx and closing the gap in TRx.
Patrik Jonsson: Well, thank you very much. Access continues to be our challenge in the field of immunology in the US, but we will continue to ensure that through a combination of Taltz clear access program and contract with payers that we continue to ensure that patients get the access to whenever they need. If we look specifically into 2020, we expect 2020 to be similar to 2019 and incrementally better in some areas, and we know that not all plans -- drug benefits gains of 2020, as we believe we are entering into 2020 we have positive momentum and with Taltz now replacing Cosentyx as a preferred IL-17 we've had core formularies, which is covering more than 14 million lives in the U.S. So in an essence we believe 2020 to be very similar to 2019. But we have some incrementally better areas.
Patrik Jonsson: Well, thank you very much. We are extremely excited obvious first superiority to try out of an IL-17 over an IL-23 and we just got the data published a couple of weeks ago. So we are now in the phase of disseminating this data among healthcare providers in the U.S. and the rest of the world. The 12 weeks as you said and we shared or showed the superiority both in terms of onset of action and clearance; of the next data cut will be at the week 24 and that is driven by the fact that we have seen also the IL-23 they peak in terms of efficacy pretty much at that time. If we look into the key attributes, particularly among patients treated psoriasis, its onset of action, its clearance and its durability. And I think this was a third Phase 3 trial that we have to confirm that Taltz is superior both STELARA and now Tremfya in terms of both onset of action and the end clearance, and we have 5 years data confirming the durability of efficacy as well, we really believe that there is a lot of good momentum with Taltz right now.
