Joe Fletcher: Thank you, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q1 2024 Earnings Call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer and President of Lilly Immunology; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, President of Loxo at Lilly; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Diabetes and Obesity and Lilly U.S.A. We're also joined by Michaela Irons, Mike Springnether and Lauren Zierki of the IR team.   During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 2. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC.   The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note, our commentary will focus on our non-GAAP financial measures.   Now I'll turn the call over to Dave. 
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and to conclude our call in a timely manner. [Operator Instructions]  Paul, please provide instructions for the Q&A session, and we're ready for our first caller. 
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Mohit. You didn't say it, but I assume you're talking about Mounjaro and Zepbound so I'll hand over to Patrik to make some commentary on net price. 
Joe Fletcher: Paul, I think we've got time for maybe one more question. We're right at 11. So maybe a final question in the queue. 
Joe Fletcher: Okay. James, maybe I'll give to Anat to talk about the guidance and how the guidance raise relates to the 1.5x dose comments. 
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Anat. Great. Well, thanks for your time today, everyone, and we appreciate you participating in today's earnings call and your interest in our company. Please follow up with the IR team if you have any additional questions that we didn't address today, and have a great day. Thanks. 
David Ricks: Okay. Thanks, Joe. We're pleased with our Q1 results and the continued momentum in our business, which positions us well for accelerated growth as this year progresses. Our focus is to bring innovative medicines to people in need. And in 2024, we're investing in our people, our launches, expanding our pipeline of new medicines, including through business development, and of course, accelerating the needed capacity in our manufacturing network. Results this quarter represent a continuation of the strong growth we delivered in 2023.   On Slide 4, you can see details of the financial performance and progress related to our strategic deliverables. Revenue grew 26% in Q1 with our new products growing nearly $1.8 billion compared with the same period last year. We achieved several key pipeline milestones, including the positive Phase III results for tirzepatide in moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea, the approval of our multi-dose KwikPen delivery device for Mounjaro in Europe, submission of mirikizumab in the U.S. and in the EU for moderately to severely active Crohn's disease, the resubmission of lebrikizumab in the U.S. for moderate to severe atopic dermatitis and the initiation of our Phase III study for lepodisiran, evaluating efficacy and reducing cardiovascular risk.   Lilly's top priority is to ensure we execute on our ambitious manufacturing expansion agenda. We recently signed an agreement to acquire an injectable medicine facility from Nexus Pharmaceuticals in Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin. This state-of-the-art facility has been FDA approved, and we are targeting to initiate production at the end of 2025. We broke ground earlier this month on our previously announced parenteral manufacturing site in Germany. And in existing facilities, we are working to maximize output and productivity to meet demand.   The recent EMA approval and upcoming launch of our multi-dose KwikPen delivery life for Mounjaro will unlock new supply capacity for Europe and other international markets. While we are also seeing meaningful progress in the ramp of new lines in existing Lilly and CDMO sites for the United States.   We continue to make progress against our plans to increase manufacturing capacity, the most ambitious expansion plan in our company's history. Lastly, we distributed over $1 billion in dividends during the first quarter.   On Slide 5, you'll see a list of the key events since our Q4 earnings call, including the milestones I mentioned earlier and several other important updates.   So now let me turn the call over to Anat to review our Q1 financial results. 
David Ricks: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up the progress in our first quarter. Strong revenue growth in Q1 was driven by our recent product launches, primarily Mounjaro and Zepbound. We expect acceleration in revenue growth through the second half of the year as supply of incretin medicines continues to ramp. Significant advances in our pipeline include top line data from tirzepatide and SURMOUNT-OSA, approval of the KwikPen delivery device from Mounjaro in the EU, submission of mirikizumab and lebrikizumab as well as initiation of lepodisiran  Phase III study, as Dan just mentioned. We are continuing to invest in recent and upcoming launches, internal and external pipeline development and our manufacturing expansion agenda. This is to sustain our long-term growth outlook. So now let me turn the call over to Joe to moderate the Q&A session. 
David Ricks: Yes. Sure. And Ilya can add to this. As we think we've said on several calls now, our goal is to pursue all of the above, basically as it relates to supply options, recognizing the tremendous demand and unmet need and the constraints that exist in scaling the supply chain. So KwikPen uses existing assets, so there was less time lag. We see this first in the U.K. and now in Europe as a way to meet the needs of those patients. But we haven't ruled it out in other jurisdictions. And so we'll continue to look at every option we can to meet the needs of patients with obesity and overweight as well as with diabetes. 
David Ricks: Okay. Great. Dave, great to hear from you. I mean, first of all, it is true that orforglipron is a complicated large small molecule, a large small molecule, if you were, and there are many steps in the process. You can read about them in our patent filings, I think.  But Lilly, maybe unlike other companies, we've made small molecules for a long time. We're capable of doing it. We understand how to put them together, and we've got a defined process to do it for orforglipron.  So the API production, while a long process and maybe complicated relative to other small molecules, is something we're super confident in and have our arms around. The finish process is really the big advance over using injectables because here, we're just tablet stamping or tablet -- capsule making, which are dry processes we understand extremely well.  I think the big gain here will be the fact that both for synthetic chemistry and capsule making and tablet making, there is already capacity on planet Earth that is significant. And so unlike the parenteral side where we've been talking about injectables, a new capacity needs to be built in which we're doing aggressively, as Anat commented on earlier. Here, there's a lot of partners we can access as well as our own substantial network for dry product finish and API production. So pretty confident here.  Now will we stick the landing on exact doses and quantities in every instance? We're not guaranteeing that, but I think the picture will be quite a bit different should orforglipron prove to be safe and effective in the Phase III studies. Again, that's in '25, so we can expect launch maybe a year after that, and that's an important event in the time course of the incretin class. 
Anat Ashkenazi: Thanks for the question, Chris. And as we've mentioned earlier in the year when we issued guidance, we said that we expect capacity and supply to ramp towards the second half of the year, and that's what we're seeing.  Now as a reminder, we do have quite a large number of nodes across our supply chain that have to come online or ramp capacity. We are -- if you look at everything we have under construction, or ramping up, we have six sites right now between the two sites in North Carolina, a site in Ireland, two sites in Indiana, a site in Germany and then a seventh one that we just purchased, they are all either ramping up or under construction.  And there are multiple nodes across that supply chain that have to become operational, which requires approval, et cetera, for three products, depending on which product runs on which line, that are planned throughout the year.  Now that we're 4 months into the year, we have greater visibility into that -- into these nodes of capacity and feel more confident. Just as one example, the approval of the KwikPen in Europe that just came in slightly ahead of our expectation gives us additional confidence in our ability to launch KwikPen for patients in Europe.  So it is across our sites globally as well as ramping up capacity with partners or CDMOs as well as in existing sites where we're making investments to expand where we can or ramp up capacity. So it's across our supply chain. 
Anat Ashkenazi: Yes. Let me start on this. So I would say that, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect that the supply and demand situation will remain quite tight in the near term as well as the midterm. And just to clarify, it's not that we have a production issue. Our manufacturing facilities are progressing incredibly well, and I'm incredibly proud of the work done by our M&Q colleagues around the world. Clearly, we have sites working 24/7. We're doing construction overnight. We're making the right investments and so we're progressing rapidly as you've seen evidenced by the results as well as the raise we did for the year.  But the demand is strong, which shouldn't be a surprise given the health benefits that these products provide to patients, highly efficacious and safe medicines. And I expect that this will continue through the year, even with the significant ramp that we have, and we'll add more supply across different presentations, both with the auto-injector as well as the KwikPen. But even with that, I expect that the demand will be -- will outpace supply through this year. Potentially next year, obviously, we'll see. We'll continue to invest and ramp as we go into next year, but it could be quite some time.  We talked earlier about orforglipron, should we have positive Phase III readout that provides another relief valve in terms of just offering a different presentation, as Dave mentioned, which utilizes a different set of infrastructure within our manufacturing organization available capacity globally. So it will be in a stepwise fashion. We'll continue to update investors as we progress through the year and coming years. 
Anat Ashkenazi: So let's start with the 1.5 dose -- sellable dose comment that I made on the guidance call in February. So that reference is not a number of devices, but number of sellable doses. And as we ramp up capacity for KwikPen, recall that unlike the single-use vial or the auto-injector, that KwikPen is a multidose device that has multiple doses available for patients.  That comment referred to the second half of this year versus the second half of last year. So we're expecting that total saleable doses this year in the second half will be at least 1.5x where we were second half of last year. That remains unchanged. But the level of confidence we have in our ability to progress on each node of our capacity that's coming online or will get approved, et cetera, has just increased. There are multiple of these throughout the year. Multiple of these have occurred. Some will occur as -- I gave the KwikPen as one example.  Think about a construction of a site, for example, Concord in North Carolina, which we said will become operational by end of the year, and we'll start seeing products next year. That construction has concluded. Lines are installed, and we need to run qualifications, get approval, et cetera. There are multiple nodes of these across our own manufacturing sites as well as external and that they all need to come online to get to where we need in terms of the full year guidance. But our confidence as the year progresses -- as the year has progressed, our confidence in that has increased, but it remains the -- at least 1.5. 
Patrik Jonsson: Thank you very much, Mohit. When you look at the pricing of Mounjaro, I think it's important to take into account that in the Q4 earnings, we announced a onetime adjustment for Mounjaro in Q4 that was quite significant. So it was a onetime adjustment in the base of Q4.  When we look forward for the first half of 2024, it's important to have in mind that we also terminated the $25 saving card 6/30/2023, but patients that were on are grandfathered until 6/30/2024. So there would probably be some benefits during the first half of 2024 for Mounjaro. But from the second half of this year, we should expect to see typical pricing headwinds for Mounjaro as well. 
Patrik Jonsson: Thank you very much, Umer. I think with the announcement made by the CMS early April to reimburse comorbidities for obesity based upon the SELECT trial, we're also confident that with the new data that we presented just weeks ago in terms of obstructive sleep apnea, that's going to be reimbursed in Medicare Part D. And we expect similarly for other comorbidities and the readout of HFpEF, assuming that's positive and approved, and later on with the mobility-mortality outcome study.  Still, our true north is really to get the true Treat and Reduce Obesity Act cost, and we strongly believe it's not a matter of if but when. We don't see it likely to pass in 2024, but there is still a small likelihood that that's going to happen. 
Patrik Jonsson: Thanks very much, Terence. When it comes to LillyDirect, I think we are very pleased with the start. And when we look at the utilization by consumers, it's gaining traction by weeks here.  If we look at the TRx data of Q1, particularly for Zepbound, it's relatively low volume that goes through LillyDirect, slightly higher in terms of NBRx. It's our understanding that what goes through LillyDirect is not by default captured by IQVIA. But IQVIA has a methodology in place to estimate what goes through LillyDirect as well. 
Patrik Jonsson: Thanks, Trung. Now based upon what CMS stated early April, we actually expect to get obstructive sleep apnea for Zepbound covered by CMS and Medicare at the time of launch. And the next one then would be HFpEF assuming a positive readout and approval. And the third one would be the MMO indication. That's the sequence of our plans, assuming everything goes according to plan and we get the approval for both. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Thanks, Seamus. So I'll start with the last part there. Yes, the abstract was accepted and will be presented at EASL early June. So that will be the opportunity to see the full NASH package from that Phase II trial.  Like we said in the last call, really exciting data. We shared some of the top line. I think tirzepatide can have a profound effect on this disease. It's a Phase II trial. Next steps here are to discuss with the FDA what the best path forward could be for tirzepatide.  You're pointing out, though, that we have another choice in retatrutide which, based on biomarker data from earlier studies, could also have a profound effect of this disease. That molecule has the addition of glucagon, which is likely to have additional benefits in the liver. So important opportunities ahead and good-to-have options as we go into these discussions with regulators.  I think for MASH, like other obesity-related or metabolic related diseases, Lilly has a pretty broad portfolio, and we'll just continue to push the science to make the best possible medicines for patients. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, sure, Tim. It's probably more of your job than ours to speculate on competitor readouts but I'll take a stab at it since you asked. I think on AMG 133, we've just seen really a small amount of data. So probably anything is possible and like you will be interested to see their results. Of course, there's arguments that can be heard about GIP agonism versus antagonism. We've placed our bets, and we like the data we got with GIP agonism.  On CagriSema, of course, adding more agonism on different pathways on top of GLP-1 is a good idea. That's what we have with tirzepatide, is a dual agonist. So CagriSema makes sense. And you'll note that we've advanced our amylin agonist to Phase II.  Tirzepatide already is a dual agonist. Retatrutide is already a triple agonist. There's probably more we could do here at Lilly. I think across our portfolio, in Phase I and Phase II, we have nine assets that are marked for diabetes or obesity. Many of them could lead to additive weight loss on top of established mechanisms plus two more in Phase III, of course. So we have a strong portfolio here. I think tirzepatide still has unsurpassed efficacy at weight loss, but we're preparing for our next generation assets as well. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, there are a lot of good questions in there. Thanks for following so closely. So on the GIP, the long-acting molecule, I think primarily in that experiment, we were excited to show the benefits of isolated GIP agonism, just to answer some mechanism of action questions around tirzepatide. But as you point out, there's potential for that molecule for other indications or as a monotherapy or combination with other mechanisms.  But of course, since tirzepatide already includes GIP agonism, we're also excited to explore other mechanisms. So that's where [ elora ], which is 1 of 9 different mechanisms, as I said a moment ago that we're exploring the long-acting amylin moved forward to Phase II. That has potential perhaps as a combination therapy, perhaps as a maintenance therapy, perhaps as a monotherapy, there's a lot to explore. It's still very early as it is for all of our mechanisms. So we'll keep investing and as we have data to share, we'll do that. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Kerry, for the good questions here. You're right, we haven't yet published a Phase II data. But I think we just recently were able to publish the Phase I data. That was really exciting and well received. I think one of the things that people noted in our Phase I data was a very long durability of action and a very deep reduction in Lp(a) levels following a single dose of lepodisiran. We now have, of course, a Phase II data in hand and use that to design and begin the Phase III trial.  I think we haven't quite disclosed dose or frequency yet, but I'm sure that will happen in time. You asked about differentiation. I think there's probably a couple of different potentials for differentiation here versus a shorter-acting ASO and a siRNA that are both in Phase III studies. Maybe first is the depth of clearance of Lp(a), we don't know how much you have to reduce Lp(a) to lead to benefits in cardiovascular outcomes and whether there's a threshold effect or a floor to this. So the depth of clearance is one.  The second, as you asked about, could be frequency of administration or durability of action, those two being closely linked. And the third, of course, is the population that's being studied into -- I noted we're studying secondary as well as primary prevention here. So I think we have a good package with multiple opportunities for differentiation and eager to test the Lp(a) hypothesis here this Phase III study. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Sure. Thanks, Steve. As you know, we do our best not to comment on interim analyses, although many of our different trials can incorporate interim analyses. But when we do talk about the risks, unintentional unblinding of results, for that reason, we prefer not to do that.  You're right that the primary analysis of the study and the design is around noninferiority versus what we are ready to know to be a very good drug that reduces cardiovascular risk, and that's Trulicity. So it's designed as a noninferiority trial. Of course, when the final data come, we would be delighted to see even superiority.  You asked about our confidence. Confidence continues to increase for this readout. In fact, as disclosed in the prepared remarks today, we got additional data here even from the OSA study that should make us feel more confident, not just the benefit in sleep apnea, which itself could lead to cardiovascular benefits, but actually the weight loss. And I think there are some concerns about weight loss of different populations and different trials and males, females, et cetera. So some of that was discharged here. So we remain excited and look forward to getting that data when the study's complete. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Louise. We're excited about that portfolio of earlier-stage obesity molecules. I think there's a number of opportunities for improvement over even an excellent drug like tirzepatide. We think about the quality of weight loss as one aspect. So for example, even on tirzepatide, we see the ratio of lean to fat mass approved as patients lose weight on these drugs. Could we make it improve even faster with the muscle stimulating agents like bimagrumab? But maybe that's under investigation.  Tirzepatide is very well tolerated, but some people stop taking it because of GI side effects. Could we have drugs that have fewer side effects? Maybe that could be possible. Tirzepatide is given as a once a weekly injection. Most patients find that to be acceptable. But probably with less frequent injections, that could lower the burden on manufacturing and make it easier to use for patients. So that's another avenue of exploration.  There are some patients who don't achieve their desired levels of weight loss even on a powerful drug like tirzepatide. And so that's another avenue.  Finally, across different indications, and I spoke earlier of NASH, that are related to metabolic disease, there could be different activities that proved more or less beneficial for these other related diseases. So that's another avenue of differentiation.  I think we're just at the beginning of probably what will be seen as a multi-decade investments in treating abnormal metabolism and all diseases that come with that. And I'm really proud and pleased that Lilly has what must be the strongest pipeline in this area in the industry. 
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Carter. It's a good question. Bimagrumab is a very different mechanism of weight loss versus incretins but one that we think could be important in combination with incretins. So bimagrumab, we think will likely have important effects on adipose tissue as well as muscle mass. And so our hope is to see increased muscle mass and increased ratio, I should say, of lean to fat mass by combining bimagrumab with incretins.  In this present study, it's being evaluated both as monotherapy and in combination with semaglutide at different doses. So we'll see if weight loss effects on fat tissue stack and we'll see if effects on lean body mass that we're seeing in previous bimagrumab monotherapy studies work in combination with incretin. Looking forward to seeing that data. 
