Philip Johnson: Tony, this is Phil. Since we do have Enrique Conterno with us, we'll actually have him address your first question on the insulin manufacturing agenda and then come back to Derica for the Elanco profit expansion.
Philip Johnson: Yes, if I can go ahead and add, and this is Phil. We have had some comments in the past where we cited some of the industry benchmarking data that indicate that in past years you would have seen something like 70% to 80% probably as a more likely success rate for Phase III compounds. That maybe I think what [indiscernible] was referring to.
Philip Johnson: Tim, on the Alimta exclusivity, currently we have a compound patent that with the pediatric exclusivity and other provisions would expire in January of 2017. We believe we have valid IP that we intend to pursue and uphold for the method-of-use patent that would expire in 2022. So really any outcome that would be negative on that method of use patent really wouldn't come into play until that 2017 time frame. And then in terms of the strategy for solanezumab data, obviously, if we do, as you're mentioning, fall short of hitting the primary endpoints, clearly we'll look to see if there are any strong signals and subpopulations. There's been some talk about this in prior investment meetings we've had. Obviously, we'd want to discuss that with the agency if we would see such results. At this point it would be premature to speculate on whether or not that would require or whether or not we would pursue additional clinical studies with solanezumab. As you mentioned, we do have a BACE compound that just started Phase II, very encouraged by the data we've seen today with that compound and excited to take that forward into development.
Philip Johnson: One of the things, Seamus, that I'd have you consider on the overall financial benefit of this manufacturing technical agenda -- as Enrique mentioned, we expect to expand margins by several percentage points. To put that into the context we had a $3.5 billion insulins business last year, and we see that business expanding pretty considerably over time. And the other thing that contributes very favorably to the overall financial impact is significant capital avoidance. When we were talking about this having the essential value of a blockbuster, it was the combination of the 2 things -- the reduced costs over time and then significant capital avoidance. Just to put that into perspective, to put in a new insulin plant you're talking multiple hundreds of millions of dollars for that similar kinds of investment, somewhat smaller on the fill-finish side.
Philip Johnson: And Marc, in terms of the emerging market launches, for sure we'll have continued rollouts of Trajenta. And then I'll follow up off-line with our Emerging Markets business to see if we're missing any major line extensions that can be rolled out during this time frame as well.
Philip Johnson: Since we are a couple of minutes past the top of the hour, we'll go ahead and close the call here. We do hope you found some of the additional commentary that was provided on the post-2014 time frame helpful. We do recognize there are a few of you still left in queue. The IR team will get back to you very shortly, and our team will remain available during the rest of the day for any other questions you may have post today's call. Thank you very much for your interest in Lilly and for spending time with us today. Have a great day.
Enrique A. Conterno: Tony, yes, it does include the full range of insulin. So as we think about our manufacturing plant, they will have the capability of being able to make the full range of insulin that we have available today and the ones that we plan to make available in the future. As you can appreciate, this provides significant flexibility for us. And as Derica said, we will be able to support twice the current demand that we have with the same manufacturing footprint that we have today.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes. So when we look at the performance in U.S. for diabetes, which is what I think you are referring to, because when we look outside of the U.S., it is pretty clear that when we look at our mealtime [ph] share performance, we have shared trends that are positive, whether it's in Europe, Japan or emerging markets. In the U.S. we specifically lost very -- we -- Humalog got removed from a very large formulary. And the impact that we see is basically very specific to that. Of course, there's always some spillover effect that we see. But 80% of the share loss can be directly attributed to basically lines [ph] That are covered by the large formulary. If we were to look outside of that specific segment, for example, we've talked in the past about our hospital share. Our hospital share continues to go up and continues to increase with the introduction of the [indiscernible]. The dynamics of our performance outside of this one event continue to be very consistent. I think it's important to emphasize that we are very much looking at protecting the gross margin that we have when it comes to our insulin business. Clearly, we are concerned about single-source type deals and this dynamic that is happening in the marketplace. But we're monitoring this very, very closely. At the end of the day, we need to make sure that patients are going to be in Lilly insulin products. Clearly, when we look at the future portfolio, additional critical mass and starting patients on basal insulin, will make us more competitive. We know that patients start insulin on a basal product. So to the extent that that is Lilly insulin, that will make us even more competitive when we're able to have that. As far as the impact, the financial impact from manufacturing, we have characterized this. We should be thinking about a gross margin expansion of several percentage points whenever we look at our overall insulin business. So this is very significant, but it's going to take time for this to materialize.
Enrique A. Conterno: Without commenting about any specific formulary. We do see significant disruption at the patient level. Clearly, diabetes is a complex disease. And while some may think that there is some sort of savings when it comes to the medicine that can be passed to employers, there are significant hidden costs -- and we're planning to study this very, very carefully -- that go beyond the medicine when it comes to the treatment of diabetes. So it is difficult to say where the trends will go. But long term, the more that these get studied, in particular when it comes to patients in late-stage diabetes utilizing insulin, we will see that the other costs completely overburden any type of savings that people believe they may have in the medicine.
Derica W. Rice: Tony, this is Derica. In regards to Elanco, yes, we still expect to double the size of our Elanco business over this YZ time period, this 4- to 5-year period. And at the same time, we're also expanding margins. So if you were to look, we have gone from about 18% to about 25% profit margins in our Elanco business over this time frame as well. So they're performing quite well.
Derica W. Rice: Okay, Mark, this is Derica. Let me try to answer at least 2 of your first 3 questions. First of all, in regards to our expense management and our margin expansion, we are absolutely committed to prudently managing our business. And definitely, obviously, today we're factoring in revenue growth coming out of the 2014 time period, as well as continued prudent expense management. One could argue that if we are in a scenario where our pipeline is not successful, then that will call for even more prudent management of our expenses. So we're still committed to the longer-term outlook that we shared with you all here today, and we believe it is absolutely achievable. In regards to your question around are we able to reduce SG&A or R&D spend in absolute dollars, I think that will be one thing that we'll have to see how it plays out. Obviously, as we go through and see how the pipeline matures, especially given some of the therapy areas we're in, based upon where we have success and where we have failure will be a key determinant in terms of what our commercial footprint looks like. So if we find that, for example, neuroscience, if we're not successful there, then one could argue, do we still need the neuroscience footprint that we have today? So we'll have to see how this plays out. But obviously, we're prepared to be nimble and agile and respond to the outcomes of our pipeline. I'm not sure I understand your last question, to be honest, in regards to the probability of success of the pipeline versus industry averages. I think when we were talking about returning the industry averages in our call text, we were talking about returning for SG&A to more be in line with industry averages. And for our R&D spend as a percent of revenue, we said we'll return back closer to our levels of historical averages of the 18% to 20% range.
Derica W. Rice: Tim, this is Derica. Let me take your first question regarding post 2014 in revenue. We're not prepared to share our revenue forecast at this time frame. Obviously, as we continue to work through YZ, we'll have an opportunity to reengage in that particular specific aspect of our business going forward. But I did want to get out there today in terms of what the profile of Lilly should look like in terms of our business longer term. That should begin to hopefully give you guys greater insight as to how we look to manage our business.
Derica W. Rice: Mark, in regards to Europe, just to remind everyone we said that we would take out the $1 billion by the end of '11. And we more than exceeded that goal. So the actions we're currently talking about in Europe are more in response to the evolving environment and portfolio as we've described it. So as we see the austerity measures in Europe and how that market is evolving, as well as when we look at our own portfolio and if it we'd be progressing more towards a specialty-focused portfolio rather than a broad primary care portfolio, we see the changes that Dave and his team have outlined as being essential and mitigating those kinds of risk and addressing those kinds of challenges. In regards to quantification, we haven't put any specific numbers out there at this time.
Derica W. Rice: Greg, quite honestly our capital allocation strategy actually hasn't changed. We've always been very clear that in regards to utilization of our capital, our first protocol was making sure we were properly investing and resourcing the internal opportunities that we had, specifically the pipeline. Our second protocol was then to pursue opportunistic business development, opportunities that were out there that we felt could compliment our existing footprint. In this case, bring in revenue and cash generating opportunities or augment our pipeline. And then at the end of that if we had excess capital, we would look to return that to shareholders. We believe that we've -- we're accomplishing the first 2. We feel very good about where we are with R&D and our resourcing. As it relates to business development you've seen the type of deals we've been active in. We continue to look for in-licensing opportunities. We believe we can still continue to do that while, at the same time, beginning to return some of our excess capital back to shareholders being the resumption of the share repurchase program throughout the end of this year. And obviously, to going beyond this year, it will be a continual discussion we'll have with our board around the timing and the amount of any potential future share repurchase activity.
