Derica Rice: In regards to the emerging markets, we feel very good about our current performance, but also even better about the future prospects of our Emerging Markets business. If you look at Lilly today, our emerging markets represents about 10% of our total revenue, and if you look at our Q2 results, we had about 14% growth in the emerging markets. Now obviously that's a mix of countries and it also has patent expirations in there in some of the smaller ones. But if you look at markets like we talked about earlier in China, in our opening comments, where he had 25% growth, you can say Japan's not an emerging market, but clearly it's a key strategic market for us where we had 32% growth. So we see huge opportunity, and we see also the additional benefit of launching some of our current products in those markets. So here recently we launched Cymbalta in Japan, and we're looking forward to launching FORTEO. In regards to the 2010 and 2014 longer-term guidance, we still feel very good about our comments that we made in December at our analyst meeting about our ability to be at least a $20 billion revenue company, even as we go through the series of patent expirations, and the fact that we think that we can also have good prospects of generating at least $3 billion in net income. And that allows us to have the cash flow to, as you've seen here in the first part of this year, to fund our pipeline of over almost 70 molecules, and also to pursue the business development opportunities that we think will enhance our longer-term prospects.
Derica Rice: Your question about when the investment community could hear a bit more about our Emerging Markets business, if you remember Jacques Tapiero, who heads up that business for us had talked in December about some of the recent performance in those markets, doubling our revenue there over the prior five years, with a goal to do the same in the following five years. We actually will have Jacques out at a conference. I apologize, it's a competitors conference, it's a BMO conference on August 5, but that would be the next point at which we'll have a bit more disclosure and discussion about the Emerging Markets business.
Derica Rice: Steve, this Derica. In regards to your first question regarding our gross margin, as we have stated in our call text, even in our guidance that we've provided, we now not expect flat to increasing gross margins for the year. So yes, that does imply improvement for the second half versus prior periods. In regards to your second question with regards to our guidance around our seven to 11 growth in achieving double-digit bottom line, if you recall, that was prior to healthcare reform in the U.S. I still expect us to achieve double-digit bottom line growth between seven to 11, but that excludes the impact of healthcare reform.
Derica Rice: In regards to your question around R&D expense, yes. If you look at the 14%, about three percentage points of that was driven by one-time milestone, one of which was we paid a milestone for the JAK2 inhibitor to Incyte because we achieved a key point or a key outcome, and so we view that as being very positive. If you look at going forward, as we stated, we still expect our R&D expense to grow in the low double-digit range and that's really driven by the progression of our pipeline.
Derica Rice: In regard to your question regarding U.S. healthcare reform and our outlook, if you recall, in the first quarter, the impact of healthcare reform and this is excluding the tax subsidy, was about $52 million. In the second quarter, we stated that the impact was about $70 million. So we still expect to be in that $350 million to $400 million range, although it may be less than that. Obviously, as Phil just stated, we're having to wait the four to six months once we get receipts in to be able to see what the true trends look like. As it relates to 2011, we haven't changed our view at this time because we don't believe we really have any new data or anything sufficient to change our outlook. Obviously there are some key elements that come into play that take effect January 1, such as the excise tax, and once we, only until we get that kind of information we'll be able to have better insight in terms of what 2011 will look like versus what we are prior statement.
Derica Rice: In regards to the EU pricing in our prior guidance, yes, we did assume some erosion, but not to the extent that you're seeing being announced here recently. So as we stated, we typically have seen that 1% to 2% annual erosion. Obviously at levels beyond that, we're having to absorb now into our ongoing operations, and we've been able to offset a good portion of that either through better volume performance that we're seeing in some areas, but also through our cost-containment measures as well.
John Lechleiter: Jay, this is John. Before I talk about the Phase II I just want to call attention to the fact that we did recently launch a new molecular entity, Livalo, a statin, along with Kowa, here in the U.S. Two deals we've done in the last six months, the one would with Acrux for Axiron, which is the novel preparation of testosterone under review by the FDA, the Alnara deal that we just announced will give us another access to another molecule liprotamase or another product liprotamase, which is under review right now also by the FDA. And then we've got on August 19, advisory committee meeting, as I think Ronika mentioned, for Cymbalta for chronic pain, and we've got the action data on October 22 for Bydureon. So there's a lot happening at that end of the pipeline. I think as you look at the eight that we currently have in Phase III right now, I think the ones I would call attention to would be good the two Alzheimer's assets, semagacestat, the oral solanezumab, the antibody, both are progressing well in Phase III. And then we've got the two other molecules from ImClone, 1121 B and 11F8, both of those are in Phase III right now looking at different kinds of tumors. And I think for all the reasons we talked about when we made the ImClone acquisition, we think those hold great promise.
John Lechleiter: Dave, we see the partnership with Wal-Mart on the Humulin ReliOn product as important and strategic. I think they understand the strength and power of the Lilly brand, and we understand their connection with the consumers, a significant proportion of Americans enter a Wal-Mart store in the course of the week. This will not be the only channel through which we sell Humulin, our biosynthetic human insulin, but it will offer, we think, an important treatment option for patients who wish to secure their insulin through the Wal-Mart channel. We're not giving any information out about the profitability here versus selling that similar product in another venue.
John Lechleiter: Real quick just on ReliOn, my understanding is I don't know for how long that there's actually a ReliOn brand of Novolin that's currently being sold through Wal-Mart. That will go through I think August of this year when the Humulin ReliOn will begun to be sold through the Wal-Mart pharmacies
John Lechleiter: Okay. John, I think on M&A, our position really hasn't changed. We're not interested in large-scale combinations. We think the key to growth for Lilly and for this industry is innovation, and we're focused on reinventing our innovation engine here. We think we're making good progress and moving the most exciting pipeline along that we've ever had in our history. I think as you can see from the deals we've done, we will move aggressively to augment and supplement that pipeline. The deals we did for Livalo, for liprotamase, for Axiron, really fit nicely into our existing, I guess, what you'd call sales presence, and they're molecules with a high probability of getting to the market. I'm not going to put a sort of a price range on what we would, what we might consider the largest type of deal that we would do. I think the way I would frame that is to say that obviously as we go forward into these years where we're going to have patent expirations, we're going to be first and foremost paying attention to at least maintaining our dividend, making sure that we've got the cash as we're confidence that we do, to run our business, to make capital investments and then to also pursue licensing opportunities, including in our Elanco business. We saw great growth from Elanco this quarter, 18%. We continue to see an opportunity to grow that business organically and inorganically and provide a little bit more diversification for the company in the process.
John Lechleiter: John, I'll answer the first part of your question and then I think Phil will talk about your Erbitux question. Well, I think when you do due diligence and I think we've got a good team here that does a very thorough job in doing the diligence, I think when you're looking at a data package that's been filed with the FDA, that doesn't give you 100% assurance. But I think it provides a lot better assurance that you've got a body of evidence that will support the intended claim, and that was the conclusion we drew in both those cases.
John Lechleiter: Tony, I think that I can't comment on our marketing strategies. I can say that both Amylin and Lilly are very, very much prepared to be able to launch the product at the point at which we get the approval, and I think our partnership has evolved since we launched Byetta in 2005 and I think we've got a terrific connectiveness across our medical marketing and sales organization. So we're excited about the opportunity to launch this product, and I think it's fair to say that we will position Bydureon as a product that can be helpful to a range of patients who meet the criteria for Bydureon. And we don't see this as simply a trade from the current twice-a-day Byetta up to the once weekly.
John Lechleiter: For the VEGFR-2 product, breast cancer trials, as you're aware, do take quite a bit of time to go ahead and accrue sufficient numbers of cases to show statistical powering. Theoretically, I guess there would be a possibility depending on interim results. That could even read out earlier, but expectations would be that would be that would probably play out over the full timeframe of the trial. There are, we have not yet commented specifically, but there are some other tumor types that have not yet entered Phase III that could potentially move quicker than the ones that we have currently started. So I'd say stay tuned on that front.
John Lechleiter: Chris, I think as we contemplate the launch of Bydureon, certainly Amalyn and Lilly have looked and studied this quite closely to ensure that we are competitive here in the U.S. And I think more broadly, as we have moved into our different business areas that are now focused among the five on diabetes, I think we've really been able to take a better look at our competitive posture around the world. And I think you can expect in all markets, where we see opportunities to do better with our insulin product line, as well as well as with Byetta, we're going to take the actions that we believe are appropriate to enable us to compete effectively.
John Lechleiter: Thanks, everybody on the phone for taking your time this morning for this update on our company. We appreciate your continued interest in Eli Lilly. Let me close with a few key points. First, underscoring our financial performance and then highlighting progress made on our innovation-based strategy. We're very pleased with our performance so far in 2010. In the second quarter, we again generated strong financial results with robust, volume-driven revenue growth, continued leverage between growth and revenue and operating expenses, largely driven by our ongoing cost-containment efforts and strong operating cash flow. This strong financial performance has allowed us to raise our full-year 2010 EPS guidance, and we're doing this despite the negative effect of the recent pricing actions in Europe. During the remainder of the year, we expect continued strength in worldwide uptake of Alimta, growth in product demand, most notably outside the U.S., further indicators of stronger uptake of Effient, given Lilly and Daiichi Sankyo's continued commitment to Effient and its potential, and along with our partner, Kowa, we look forward to growth contributions from our newest cardiovascular product, Livalo. As we increased our guidance, we're also keenly aware of the challenges ahead. However, we remain confident that we are positioning ourselves to meet those challenges as we remain focused on implementing our innovation-based strategy. Again, just over the past quarter, we brought six more NMEs into Phase I human testing, we've moved two more assets into Phase II testing and we completed two additional business development deals for truly promising and novel assets with the acquisition of Alnara Pharmaceuticals and the exclusive licensing agreement with Marcadia Biotech.  As highlighted earlier we remain excited about the strength of the Bydureon data and the product's potential as a truly best-in-class therapy for people with type two diabetes. We're looking forward to the October 22 PDUFA date, and hope to make this product available to patients before the end of the year. In closing, we remain focused on speeding innovation to patients. We currently have eight molecules in Phase III, we're on track to have at least 10 molecules in Phase III by the time the Zyprexa patent expires in late 2011, if not sooner, with more coming behind. We continue to bolster our near-to-medium term top line and earnings with targeted end licensing and acquisitions, and we are prudently reducing our headcount and managing our expenses to enable us to invest in the pipeline and provide a robust return of cash to shareholders with our dividend. We continue to expect that executing on our innovation-based strategy will position us to launch two novel molecules per year beginning in 2013, providing the impetus for future growth as we emerge from the YZ period. As always, we will keep you informed of our progress. Have a great day.
Nick Lemen: With regards to patent, first on Gemzar, we, of course, had the partial summary judgment from Judge Steeh in the Eastern District of Michigan. In the Sun case on the method-of-use patent that extends into 2013, we appealed that decision, that PSJ and the case was heard in early May. We're still awaiting to hear that decision from the C.A.F.C. on that case, but are still confident that we will have exclusivity for Gemzar into 2013. For Straterra, we had the court case in the District Court of New Jersey that was held in mid May and May 18. The final presentation of evidence took place in late May, closing arguments in early July and we could hear the decision on that case at anytime. And then finally for Alimta, we have the challenge in the District Court in Delaware from Teva. We have a trial date later this year on November 8 for Alimta.
Nick Lemen: One comment on Axiron as well, on the Phase III trial demonstrated that after four months of treatment, 84% of subjects across the dose levels achieved average blood levels, testosterone within the normal range exceeding the 75% hurdle. In addition, after two weeks of treatment, 76% of subjects reach those average blood levels for testosterone in the normal range. No serious adverse events were reported. Headache and application cite reactions are the most common adverse events.
Nick Lemen: And then on Effient, I guess what we've been saying from the launch of the product is that it would take a time for a hospital product like this to get the appropriate access and get on the formularies and located in the cath labs. And once that was in place, then we were in a position to be able to compete for share. We saw TRx in the second quarter that was actually greater than what we had seen from the launch to the first quarter for the product. So good acceleration there of TRx up to a 91,000 range in Q2 versus 51,000 in Q1. So again, building that access and then getting trial in those target patient populations we've talked about being our beachheads, the diabetes populations, the STEMI population and so forth. In Europe, In addition, we continue to launch the product in a number of countries. We're seeing better uptake in Germany and the U.K. where we launched a little bit earlier, but also we've gotten some nice learnings from our early launches in some of our later launching countries, such as France and especially Switzerland. So we continue to see some good momentum for the product. Again, it's going to be a battle for share, but we feel good about the data we have and are confident in the prospects.
Nick Lemen: In rough numbers you've probably seen this from some of the analysis that you guys have as well. Roughly it's a $5 billion business in Europe, so the $150 million that we approximated the impact for next year's roughly 3%. So just with those actions alone, it would be a bit higher than we've been seeing in the past with this 1% to 2% range. So just in terms of order of magnitude that's where we're at. In terms of the impact to late-stage products that we currently are marketing, they're already off patent. There will be some impact there. Honestly, the sales numbers are pretty low, so that's not as significant an impact. The piece, I think, for all pharmaceutical companies will be a reality is, as you lose future products to patent expiration, you will likely see in some of these markets a quicker erosion in terms of price for sure. Again, in Spain what they had basically done is said that going forward the initial price cut rather than being 30%, will be 40% and rather than referencing to the average of the three lowest generics, they'll actually reference to the lowest price of the generics that are there.
Nick Lemen: For the Accumetrics deal, following the recent events with the addition of box warning on clopidogrel, it seems as though there were some reports about confusion in the physician population about when to use clopidogrel and when not. We feel that the deal with Accumetrics could help physicians understand the NA plateload affect [ph] [1:46] to the various therapies that are available, and, therefore, that additional on knowledge will help physicians when they're making a decision. And so we feel it is important to understand when Effient should be used and can be used and the Accumetrics deal will help us along that path.
