Kevin Hern: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company’s Q1 2020 earnings call. I’m Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today’s call are Dave Ricks, Lilly’s Chairman and CEO; Josh Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; and Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes. We’re also joined by Sarah Smith [ph] and Mike Czapar of the Investor Relations team. In addition, I would like to welcome Anat Hakim who recently joined Lilly as Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Anat joined Lilly with a wealth of experience in the healthcare industry and more broadly across the legal profession. Her prior experiences include General Counsel of WellCare Health Plans and Associate General Counsel at Abbott as well as working for a number of years at Foley & Lardner, Latham & Watkins. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including the extent and duration of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors listed on slide three, and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K, 10-Q and any 8-Ks, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the financial contribution from Elanco during 2019 and present earnings per share as though the full disposition via the exchange offer was complete on January 1, 2019. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Dave for some opening comments.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Dave. We’d like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. Alan, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session. And then,, we’re ready for the first caller.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Terence. We’ll go to Josh for the first one and then Anne for the question on selpercatinib.
Kevin Hern: Thank you, Chris. We’ll go to Mike Mason for the question on Trulicity, and then Josh, the question on payer mix.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Seamus. We’ll go to Josh for the first question and then Dan for your question on donanemab readout.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Carter. We’ll go to Dave for the question for Europe, and then Anne for the question about the Tyvyt ORION-11 data.
Kevin Hern: Great. Thanks, Anne. Carter, thanks for your questions. We’ve exhausted the queue. So we’ll go to Dave to close.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Josh. The COVID-19 global pandemic has impacted us all in unforeseen ways. Although near-term challenges exist, we do remain confident in our long-term outlook for the Company and the strength of our fundamentals. The times of great crisis can bring out the best in people and in companies. And Lilly will continue to rise to that challenge. While a great deal of uncertainty remains, there are few certainties to which I would draw your attention. First, the collective spirit, expertise and commitment of my Lilly colleagues around the world is inspiring. Despite challenging circumstances and disrupted work routines, they’ve rallied to fulfill our mission of discovering and supplying medicines that make life better for people around the world. They are exceptional. Second, speed and agility continue to be critical to the success of our business. We’ve moved swiftly, pivoting our focus to join the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic by leveraging our deep scientific capabilities and expertise on both the testing and therapeutic fronts. And lastly, I’ve never been more certain of the importance of a healthy and vibrant biopharmaceutical industry. While it will take time to exit the current situation, we will recover. And the pharmaceutical industry will be the primary catalyst, developing new treatments and a vaccine to combat COVID-19, allowing people across the world to return to living their lives more normally and enabling economic activity to grow. It’s clear, we are a vital part of any long-term solution for fighting this or any future pandemic. This concludes our prepared remarks. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A session.
Dave Ricks: Yes. On the policy side, I mean I think you have it right there, maybe just a little subtext that -- there’s sort of two pressures that prior to COVID I think we were feeling. One was a broad acceptance across both sides of the aisle that there were certain behaviors and actions which are undesirable by the industry and should be curbed. Many of these actually Lilly agrees with. So, this is about patent evergreening and strategies that involve using systems designed to create incentives in a way that perhaps is best case in foretaste and maybe worst case abusive. There’s a bunch of Senate-related actions to curb these. And I think we’re generally for them because we don’t do those things. And I think they do create a suppression of the respect for and trust in the industry. I actually think those items will continue amidst the COVID crisis, maybe even be amplified, because as solutions come from the industry, which they will, it’s clear that the producers of those solutions will be under a lot of scrutiny to make sure there’s broad access and affordability and that we’re acting reasonably. But I have to say, I’m speaking to my peers across the industry, many collaborative projects, and within our own Company, nobody is really focused on the pure commercial side of this. It’s really about solving the problem. And the spirit of collaboration and response has been tremendous. But, I think that pressure will be there, and some there could be actions coming quickly that could strike in those areas. Again, from a Lilly perspective, we’re less constructive on those. In fact, we’ve been for in many of those proposals. On the other hand, there’s, I think from the more the far left in the U.S. and in certain OUS circles this idea that perhaps the industry itself is flawed and profit motive in pharmaceuticals is a bad thing. Of course, we vehemently disagree with that point of view. And I do think, those voices are significantly quieted today as everyone realizes that the built-up capacities of this industry are the very thing that will allow the world to escape COVID-19. And while in the absence of a pandemic, those may seem like a premium; in the presence of a pandemic, those seem really scarce and important. And so, I’m more bullish on that more extreme view being significantly dissipated for some time to come. We need to behave ourselves appropriately and with good taste, if I can use that word and with kind of balance to our actions as we solve the problem. But I’m encouraged by that so far. So, I think, we’ve got a unique, as I said in my comments, it’s just kind of a once in a generation opportunity to reset the reputation in the industry, and to put in place policies that make sense and balance profit motive, which we think clearly has a place to create new medicines, not just for COVID but others with curbing abusive behaviors and making sure we’re earning a respect from patients and policymakers alike. So, anyway, we’ll work on that certainly over the next couple of years. But first, we need to work on solving the pandemic problem. And that’s got all my energy right now.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Tim, as it relates to Tyvyt, I don’t think your read of the prior commentary is wrong. I think, we originally collaborated with Innovent as a China-only play for biologics and cancer, and a few other biosimilar opportunities. But, there are -- two things have changed, which I think -- and today, we’re breaking out China for the first time. So, maybe that’s the third thing that’s changed. But what one is that Tyvyt was the only PD-1 put on the PD-L nationally in China. So, that does change the economic profile of it for us and certainly for the Chinese business. And the second is the positive data that was released in the combination with pemetrexed in first line non-small cell lung cancer, which is very-encouraging and I think does change the trajectory of that certainly in China. Of course, right now, we’re very focused on the Chinese opportunity, and that remains our focus in the short term. And as Josh mentioned, I think, in his remarks, there was a great volume growth in China for our oncology portfolio, and Tyvyt is a key part of that. So, anyway, great partnership with Innovent. They do a great job. And it’s been a successful way to think about building our business, which is a little bit underrepresented in China a decade ago through local partnerships with local innovators. And we’re really pleased with how that’s progressed.
Dave Ricks: Yes. As it relates to Europe - and I would say this extrapolates to other government-run health systems like Australia, Canada, Japan as well, we saw a policy response in nearly every jurisdiction following the ‘08, ‘09 fiscal crisis. Well, this isn’t a fiscal crisis. It’s -- there will be a fiscal crisis brought on by the pandemic in many of these economies. It will lower tax receipts. And then, the governments will need to look for methods to reduce their spending. I think, we can predict that with almost absolute certainty. One of the items on their list is often drugs because it’s an input that can be negotiated or in many cases, they don’t need to negotiate. They just change their rules. And we saw that certainly happen and create a three or four-year series of policy moves, depending on the relative strength of the economy that suppressed drug pricing in places like Europe and Australia, Canada. So, we’re projecting that in the future. As Josh mentioned, we don’t see a lot of that happening in ‘20, probably tax receipts falling in ‘21 lead to legislative actions in ‘21 and ‘22, which leads to suppressed pricing beyond that. That’s to me a certainty across the industry. And then, the real question is how relatively innovative is your portfolio? Because a lot of these policies tend to be using leverage governments can have when there’s relative substitutability. So, the more innovative the portfolio, the more immune you become to these things. Obviously, we’re working hard on that side of the equation. And hopefully, we’ll be on the positive end of the industry. But, I suspect as an industry as a whole, there will be -- these international pressures will present themselves across everyone’s portfolios to some degree or another.
Dave Ricks: All right. Thank you all. We appreciate your participation in the call and your interest in the Company. Obviously, different times today. And just on a personal note, I know many of the sell side community are based on the East Coast, and we hope you’re all well and your families are functioning and certainly healthy through this crisis. As usual, any follow-up calls or questions can be directed to our really incredible Investor Relations team. And again, hope you all stay well. And we’ll be in touch soon. Take care.
Josh Smiley: Hi, Terrence. Thanks. On capital allocation, we really are sticking to our strategy. And as we’ve outlined, we do see external innovation or business development as a key component of our long-term growth strategy. But, what we’re really focused on -- continue to focus on are key opportunities in our therapeutic areas where we can bring in first or best-in-class type of assets into the pipeline. We’re continuing -- I think that work continues. I haven’t seen anything slow down as a function of not being able to travel or work from home types of activities. Certainly, there are a smaller biotech companies that may have different views in terms of their cash runway or ease. And to the extent that that helps to engender more discussions, we’ll take advantage of that. I don’t think it changes anything in terms of how we think about size, our business is strong, as I mentioned, and we don’t see benefits in large scale types of acquisition. So, we’ll continue to focus on the things that we are focused on. And I think for as long as we’re in these kinds of social distancing restrictions, I don’t see that as impacting our ability to transact.
Josh Smiley: Thanks, Chris. On your question on what could happen to net price going forward given what we’re seeing in the in the U.S. with the economy, first, I think it’s too early to make too many predictions. There’s a lot to still see. And as you highlighted in your question, we’ve already assumed that we’re going to see negative net prices in the U.S. for -- between now and 2025. That’s already in our current guidance. So, I would see whatever happens here is probably a moderate impact on that. I think, what we have to keep in mind first for Lily’s portfolio, we’re spread across multiple payer segments. Certainly, in general, a move from a well-insured commercial patient to Medicaid is a net negative. But, many of the commercial patients, it’s my assumption, who are losing -- in the first wave, losing employment, they may not be in great commercial plans to begin with their exchanges and other things. So, there’s a lot to still see what happens here. Our view is, we’ll ensure that the patients who are losing insurance have access to our medications and programs. We, as Dave mentioned, announced the $35 change to our diabetes program. So, we’re looking at everything we can do to ensure that people can stay on our medications and have access to them, and believe that some of these impacts will be temporary and then we’ll have a much better sense by the end of the year on what 2021 looks like. But, I’d say, overall, our expectation is this continues the trend, the net price declines, but not a fundamental change to our thinking about the business.
Josh Smiley: Thank you, Andrew. I think, as it relates to 2020, our sales guidance range on the -- I described sort of the factors we’re looking at. I’d say, if we’re on the lower end of that sales range, we do include in our thinking there some incremental impact from pricing. Again, I think it’d probably be pretty muted this year. And then, I think we’ll just have to look and see what next year looks like. And I think it’s not just absolute levels of unemployment, it’s what programs are in place to bridge the gap and otherwise. So, this year, again, I think our range, given the strong position we’re starting from Q1, our range accommodates potential incremental pricing impacts for potentially short-term moves to insurance or Medicaid. But I think at this point, it’s a little early to have -- rollout specifics around this one.
Josh Smiley: Sure. Thanks, Seamus. In terms of -- across our entire portfolio, in the U.S., about 10% of our volume is Medicaid right now, about 40% is commercial insurance, 20% Part D, and then the rest is Part B or hospital-based or uninsured or other types of volumes. As we talked about before, I think the biggest sort of challenge would be a really well insured commercial patient moving to Medicaid. There are a lot of steps in between those things happening. As I mentioned, in the prior question, we are anticipating in our sale guidance for 2020 that we could see some net impact as a function of that. But again, I would say, it’s -- and we’ve looked at all those estimates and in terms of what the long-term look could be. And we’ll provide more updates on that for 2021 when we have a better sense. But again, I’d say that our sales guidance right now does accommodate the fact that we may see some near-term moves to increase Medicaid or increase uninsured.
Josh Smiley: Thanks, Navin. First, our outlook at the beginning of the year for U.S. price was net declines in the low single digits. And, as I mentioned, in the range that we’re looking at now, I think we’re still in the low single digits that that could add in the more pessimistic case, maybe that adds a point or something but it’s still in the same range. To your question specifically about products, what we said is insulins are not profitable in Medicaid. We pay in effect 100% rebates for patients who are on our mealtime insulins in Medicaid. So, that’s a place where you see a real challenge I think if -- to the extent that the patients are moving from commercial insurance to Medicaid. On Trulicity, it’s less of an issue. It’s still net positive but Medicaid just in general is a lower price segment than commercial plan. But it wouldn’t be as big of a move as it would be for our commercially insured mealtime insulin patients. On Trulicity, I think, we’ve highlighted through the last few years that Trulicity access is not as strong as it is for the rest of our portfolio. And what we do in many cases is Trulicity patients have to step through various PAs or restrictions in their plan. We make estimates on our utilization on how things are going to transpire there. What we found in Q1 is we were actually getting more net price for a segment of our patients than we had estimated. So, we’ve got a little bit of a benefit there. I think, for the year, we’re still sort of assuming the same that we maintain a kind of access that we have now at relatively constant prices. And you’ll see these ups and downs and it’s a little bit challenging in Taltz for the reason that I mentioned. You’ll see sort of the quarterly ups and downs. But, the underlying trend that we see is pretty stable pricing, pretty stable access.
Josh Smiley: Hi, Umer. Thanks for the question. And I think you are building on one of the comments I made, which was, I don’t think you can just look at sort of a move from commercial to Medicaid. It’s very much driven by plan dynamics and otherwise. And I think without getting into too much detail, yes, it is fair to say that patients in high deductible plans, when they’re in that deductible phase, you know that we and other pharmaceutical companies have copay cards and other things to try to alleviate sort of the cash burden at the retail pharmacy. So, we do -- the net price for those specific prescriptions to us is very low and probably in many cases could be lower than a Medicaid prescription. But again, I think that gets back to what I was saying earlier, I think it’s way too premature to make assumptions around what a move from commercial to Medicaid may look like. There are lots of complexities here and I think lots of things still to be learned about the economy and what 2021 will look like. But, it’s not -- we’re not as I think on a mass basis as concerned as probably it looks like when you just look at just general commercial to a Medicaid for one of the reasons that you are sort of implying in your question.
Josh Smiley: So, just on the $250 million, we estimated in Q1, as we mentioned, about $200 million are added in the U.S., and we talked about the three big product categories. I think, the rest -- the product I didn’t mention is sort of spread nominally among those others. As we look at that $200 million in the U.S., only -- less than a third of that is at the wholesale -- wholesaler level. So, we saw some modest build at the wholesaler. Most of that estimate we’re making is either in the retail channel or all the way down to patients -- in patients’ homes. So, I think it’s going to be pretty difficult. I mean, we’re assuming that that will turn around. But, I think being able to sort of make a prediction at this point is top, I would assume the wholesaler piece will start to normalize more quickly and I think we’re seeing that. The retail and patient piece I think will be -- some of it will be a function of what happens in social distancing otherwise, and some of it, who knows, it may be a little bit more -- have a long tail associated with that. What we saw in Europe, there was about $50 million. And I think most of the estimate is around our diabetes portfolio. And I think that one we probably assume is a little more likely to normalize in the second half of this year. So, I think Geoff, we’ll try to be transparent about this as we move through the quarter. But, I think there is going to be some variability in that U.S. piece that’s in the retail channel or all the way to patient homes.
Josh Smiley: Hi, Louise. Thanks. I think, if you just -- at a very high level, if you just take out the revenue for Q1 that we’re attributing to -- the $250 million we’re attributing to buying patterns, and sort of hold everything else the same, we get down to earnings, EPS growth on a more normalized basis of about 18% or so. So, I think that’s probably a reasonable look at the business. As with every quarter, there are other things that we could normalize out there. But I think that’s probably a good sort of starting point. And as we’ve mentioned we’re expecting that $250 million to normalize some sometime through the year, at least in our guidance for now. But that’s where we are. I think then, on the question around economic benefits, no, there is no benefit assumed in our guidance from any of these treatments more much more interested in getting these treatments to patients at this point. And frankly, I’d say, at this point, we’re probably just assuming some costs for sure associated with the investment in the trials that Dan mentioned in the scale up and manufacturing and otherwise. So, some of that thinking is already embedded in our line items now.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Thank Andrew for the question on baricitinib and mechanism of action and potential on COVID-19. You’re right in your comments about a potential for a dual mechanism of action for baricitinib. I think first publication on the potential role of baricitinib in COVID-19 came from a group called BenevolentAI where they modeled out that the effects both, on viral entry and on inflammatory response could be beneficial in this disease. The trial that we discussed that is the Adaptive COVID-19 trial with NIAID is in hospitalized patients. So, it’s rather later in the disease progression. And the design of the trial is primarily to look at the effects of baricitinib on that inflammatory cascade. It’s notable that that trial currently is conceived of as a factorial design with remdesivir. Of course, in addition to look at the clinical outcomes of these patients with viral load, and other factors will also be evaluated. I think, if we see success there, that could give us confidence to go earlier in the disease course. But, given sort of the mixed mechanism action here, right now, we’re looking at those hospitalized patients.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So, starting out with the expectations for what if any of our molecules are successful in COVID-19. Baricitinib is probably the most straightforward to answer. It’s a small molecule that can be produced at large capacity and it’s already approved in geographies around the world for rheumatoid arthritis. So, depending on the quality of the data and the benefit risks that we see in COVID-19 patients, you could expect that could potentially move very, very quickly, if it’s successful. Ang2 is sort of the opposite end of the spectrum. This is investigational monoclonal antibody, production is more constrained and lead times are longer, and this is a Phase 2 type trial. I think though, the one that we’re most focused on, which you didn’t directly ask about in your question, is the neutralizing antibodies against COVID-19. I think, that’s where we see a relatively high probability of technical success, given success with neutralizing antibodies against other viruses, and also given what we’ve seen pre-clinically with our project. And that’s also one where you can imagine a broad treatment paradigm. Antibodies like this are likely not only to work in sick patients, but could potentially have a prophylactic use, which then sort of demands large quantities. I think, in all of these programs, you just also note that these aren’t chronic therapies. They’re one time use or short period of time in a case of baricitinib. But still, I think for the antibody, we’re working very diligently to expand our manufacturing capacity that would be ready to deploy, both internally and with partnerships, if the neutralizing antibodies are successful. We’re making those investments in advance. I mentioned, we started GMP manufacturing already at our facilities to support the clinical trials and we’re prepared to scale quite rapidly, if we see a positive signal with a neutralizing antibody. Your second question was on clinical trial restart timelines. I think, it’s important to think about the context for why we stopped enrolling new patients and starting new clinical trials. It wasn’t so much a problem with our ability to maintain the clinical trials. In fact, I’m quite confident -- even more confident today than I would have been a month ago, in our ability to meet all of our sponsor obligations, our ability to deliver drug to sites, or even directly to patients, where it’s needed to measure outcomes either at the sites or by other means directly with patients. So, I’m really confident in our ability to carry out the trials. It’s a desire to relieve the sites and hospitals of the burden of running clinical trials. So, we’re watching our clinical trial sites carefully, many of them are already starting to ask the same question you are when they can restart. We’ll make decisions along with them based on the burden of COVID-19 that they’re having and how much time and attention they can devote to clinical trials.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Thanks Seamus for the question on our Alzheimer’s Phase 2 portfolio. You asked specifically about the donanemab, our anti N3pG-a beta antibody. This is a really robust plaque clearing antibody. We know it can clear plaques to quite a great extent and quite quickly as well. It’s an 18-month Phase 2 study designed to demonstrate efficacy in a relatively large and homogenous population of Alzheimer’s patients. This study is fully enrolled. It’s proceeding along the previously communicated timelines, which means that last patient visit will be in the end of this year, as you said. And most likely then, we’ll have a data to talk about shortly after that, although probably in January rather than December. But, no changes to our timelines on that trial. Similarly, the tau antibody as well as our symptomatic D1 PAM, those are all Phase 2 studies designed for efficacy, similarly fully enrolled and moving along the previously communicated timeline. So, no change in the Alzheimer’s portfolio there.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Okay. Thanks, Steve, for those questions. So, the first question was just about, like how long does the delay and your enrollment have to be before it starts to impact our long-term financials? Look, I think, you know very well that clinical trial timelines and enrollment timelines are often estimates. We give those rounded usually to the half a year or sometimes just calendar year. So, for now, you can think of these as a worst case scenario being a day-to-day delay. So, for every day that were paused enrollment, it’s a stay delay to when we get the data. Now, our ambition is to beat that. And there’s a couple of reasons why we think we can do that. There’s sort of a latent demand to be in these clinical trials that’s accumulating. So, when we put the switch again to allow enrollment, we think we’ll see both, the patients and be able to make up some lost time on enrollment. That’s one of the reasons. Another reason why we can even make up some time and be better than day-by-day is the fact that we can stagger our enrollment in different geographies, not everywhere in the world is similarly affected by COVID-19. So, while our comments on pausing enrollment might apply to the majority of our geographies, there could also be certain countries where we continue to enroll or even shift enrollment more to those countries. As for the clinicaltrials.gov updating, you’re right that there’s a time lag in that update. There’s also a time lag really in stopping enrollment because you can imagine that although we say no new enrollment, there are patients who could be part of the way through screening and on a case-by-case, trial-by-trial, geography-by-geography basis. We often allow those patients who are already undergoing study procedures to continue those procedures and enrolling in a trial. So, it takes a little bit of time for all this to trickle through the system. But, I’m as I said earlier, looking forward to the day when we can turn these back on when hospitals and clinical trial sites have gotten beyond the burden of treating COVID-19 patients.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks Umer for the question. Surely, you’re referring to sort of a small epidemiological study that looked at a risk of GIP polymorphisms. I don’t think that’s directly applicable to what we’re seeing with tirzepatide. Here, we’re studying this in a population that has diabetes. And we know from our Phase 2 trials that the physiological effects of tirzepatide, which obviously is combined GIP and GLP, are quite beneficial, and they look like they would have a strong effect on improving cardiovascular outcomes. So, we’re super confident about that. In terms of the blinded event rates in ongoing studies, that’s not something that we disclose or talk about. But, certainly though the rate of those events is the rate limiting factor in our submission. So, that’s a long tail in our submission is waiting to get enough events to discharge any cardiovascular safety risks, so we can we can submit tirzepatide.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: As for Alzheimer’s, DIAN-TU, I mean, of course, this is a really heroic and difficult effort to study effective drugs in the dominantly inherent Alzheimer’s population. I think, unfortunately, there is just a small number of patients who completed the trial, especially with the higher dose for solanezumab. So, tough to make conclusions about any clinical effects of sola there. But, as you point out, sola is not a plaque-lowering antibody. It works on soluble A-beta. So, I can’t draw conclusions about plaque-lowering from solanezumab data. I think, though, the most important things to look at in DIAN are the biomarker outcomes. And perhaps, if you think about the biomarker outcomes, you could add a little bit of confidence around plaque lowering. But once again, it’s a small study and hard to draw those conclusions. I look forward to the results from our Phase 2 trial, which I think should be a clean trial, a clean test of the hypothesis in a relatively homogenous population. That data is not very far off right now.
