Derica W. Rice: Thanks, Travis. First, I'll provide a progress update on key events we've highlighted for 2012. Now as illustrated here, the checkmarks show what we've achieved so far this year. We're pleased with the number of green check marks, indicating positive progress and outcomes. Now since the second quarter earnings call, we received U.S. approval of the Alimta continuation maintenance indication, we started Phase III development of Evacetrapib in high-risk vascular disease, we've terminated Phase III development of mGlu2/3. And we announced results of a number of Phase III clinical trials, including solanezumab in Alzheimer's disease, Effient in ACS medical management, the Alimta POINTBREAK trial, the REGARD trial of ramucirumab in second-line gastric cancer, and top line results of 3 of the Phase III trials for dulaglutide. I'd also highlight that later this year, we plan to begin Phase III trials for baricitinib, our oral JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor for rheumatoid arthritis, which we have in partnership with Incyte. In addition, we plan to disclose 24-week data from the Phase IIb trial of baricitinib at ACR next month. Along with Incyte, we will also host an on-site investor event to review the data. Now as Phil mentioned earlier, we are pleased with the progress we continue to make in advancing our pipeline, and we look forward to continuing this momentum and sharing both top line and detailed results with the scientific and investment communities. Turning to our 2012 financial guidance. Our continued solid performance puts us on track to meet our previously issued revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. You will see that we have made updates to a couple of line items primarily to reflect the income recognized in Q3 related to accelerated repayments of the exenatide revenue-sharing obligation. Please note that our GAAP guidance does not assume any additional income as recognized during 2012 related to the exenatide revenue-sharing obligation. As mentioned earlier, we do expect to recognize income of approximately $490 million in early 2013, which is contingent upon transfer of exenatide commercial rights outside of the U.S. Moving to the individual line items. We still expect revenue to be between $21.8 billion and $22.8 billion; gross margin as a percent of revenue to be approximately 78%; marketing, selling and administrative expenses to be between $7.3 billion and $7.7 billion; and R&D expenses to be between $5 billion and $5.3 billion. On a non-GAAP basis, OID is now expected to be in the range of a net deduction of $75 million to $150 million. Due to the early payment of the exenatide revenue-sharing obligation, OID on a GAAP basis is now expected to be in the range of a net gain between $640 million and $715 million. The non-GAAP tax rate is still expected to be approximately 21%, and the GAAP tax rate is expected to be approximately 23.5%, reflecting the income booked this quarter from Amylin's early payment of the exenatide revenue-sharing obligation. Both assumed R&D tax credit is passed before year-end and made retroactive to January 1. Should this not occur, our full year tax rates would be higher, and our full year EPS would be about $0.07 to $0.08 lower. We still expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $3.30 to $3.40 per share. GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $3.68 to $3.78 per share. Capital expenditures are still expected to be roughly $800 million. Also during the fourth quarter, we intend to repurchase the remaining $420 million of Lilly shares to complete our previously authorized share repurchase program. Slide 16 provides a reconciliation between reported and non-GAAP EPS for 2011 and the associated growth rates from these numbers to our 2012 guidance. In closing, I want to again recognize all my Lilly colleagues for their resolve in addressing this challenging period. They've continued to execute our strategy of advancing our pipeline of driving growth and improving productivity. As a result, we continue to deliver solid financial performance, and we are on track to meet or exceed our midterm financial minimum goals. We also believe we're on track to realize the fruits of our innovation strategy. Now we know this strategy is not without risks, but we believe it is the best way to improve human health and to create value for our shareholders. We're very encouraged by the recent data we've generated for solanezumab, ramucirumab and dulaglutide. And over the next 18 months, we'll see even more clinical data that will help you better gauge our longer-term growth potential. As always, we'll keep you updated on our progress. This concludes our prepared remarks. And now we'll take your questions.
Derica W. Rice: Absolutely. Catherine, thank you for the questions. I'll go ahead and handle your first on the filing strategy for ramucirumab gastric cancer, we'll have Enrique chime in on the trials for our insulin glargine product. And then, Travis, do you want to give us an update on [indiscernible] ACR as well on the baricitinib piece.
Derica W. Rice: Catherine, this is Derica. We're able to and we do plan to start Phase III for baricitinib in the fourth quarter. That would also be one quarter earlier that we were anticipating, so credit to our development and regulatory group. That also comes with that a $50 million milestone payment that we would accelerate payment for as well to Incyte that was planned for Q1 that now will be moved into the fourth quarter.
Derica W. Rice: Sure. Mark, the -- we are committed to improving our margins beyond 2014 regardless. Clearly, at this stage, we're planning on driving growth, driven by the output from our pipeline. And we're very encouraged as we talked about earlier the data that we're seeing. This is always our -- part of our long-term strategy. And clearly, we still have other cards to turn over. But even if the pipeline wasn't successful or as successful as we had hoped for, we would still seek to take actions to improve our margins. So that longer-term guidance that we provided is really where we see taking the business regardless of the pipeline outcomes when we look beyond that 2014 timeframe. And I must say, today, when I look at the underlying growth of our business, 9% growth in the U.S., excluding Zyprexa; Japan is still growing 15% volumes; Alimta growing 13% volume; China growing 20%, we're very much on track to meet or exceed those minimum financial goals that we set between now -- for 2014. And that was also very important that we are -- our starting point is on the right bases. And we're very encouraged by what -- the trends that we're seeing.
Derica W. Rice: Marc, in addition -- this is Derica. One of the other things we're encouraged by is we don't have to rely on a single asset. So much like we talked about for our Phase III portfolio, where we've got 12 assets sitting there, we're not a one-horse bet here. Likewise, when we look at our Phase II pipeline, we've got 22 assets that are sitting there today. And you're talking about the breadth of both biologics versus small molecule. And therapeutically, we're looking at spans from oncology to still the neuroscience space, as Jan said, with BACE to also diabetes. And so we're able to also continue to maintain the breadth in terms of our portfolio outlook that you're seeing today in terms of our current business mix.
Derica W. Rice: Sure. In terms of our capital allocation strategy, first, it has very much been tied to our business strategy, and it has not changed. Our first priority was always to make sure that are properly funding our R&D opportunities, and I think we're beginning to see the merits of that investment today, with the data that we've been able to begin to disclose. Our second element of our strategy was to make sure that we -- from a capital standpoint, that we were funding our growth opportunities. So you've seen investments we've made in Animal Health both organically, as well as some of the business development deals we've done. We've talked earlier with John about the acquisition of Amyvid, where we've been able to complement our existing molecular footprint. And those were our first protocols. Given that if we do continue to be very active in the business development space, we said historically we have not been interested in the large-scale M&A, but we have been looking for those opportunities where we can either complement our existing commercial footprint and augment it or bring additional scientific value in terms of portfolio. Having exhausted all those opportunities, our last protocol then will be to begin to return some of that capital back to shareholders. Given our -- the execution of our business strategy and where we stand today and the fact that I believe that we're actually ahead of where we thought we'd be, this is what enabled us to be able to announce our share repurchase resumption back in June. And well, obviously, as we stated at that time in terms of future share repurchases, that's a conversation we'll have, well, with the board, and it will have to be approved each year. But lacking other investment opportunities, we will seek to return that capital to shareholders.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes, thanks for the question. Regarding the new insulin glargine product, we are in the process of reviewing the data. We're not going to be announcing what the results of those studies are. But so far, I would say that the data looks encouraging.
Enrique A. Conterno: Greg, let me start with the dulaglutide. We are very encouraged by the results from AWARD-1, 3 and 5. We were able to demonstrate statistically superior in the reduction of hemoglobin A1C from baseline versus all of the comparators in some of the secondary endpoints. When we think about dulaglutide, I think what we basically see is a product that embodies the best attributes of the GLP-1s that we see in the market and the ones that we see coming. We have a very competitive efficacy on tolerability profile. It is a once-weekly dosing and a very user-friendly device. So from our perspective, we like what our chances are when it comes to dulaglutide competing in the GLP-1 markets. Now related to insulin, clearly this is a very competitive environment. In the U.S., we are -- we were and we are expecting the Q3 and Q4 will be tough compared quarters. As you may recall, we were gaining share in the first half of last year, and we lost share in the first half of this year. That makes Q3 and Q4 difficult from a comparison perspective on a quarter-to-quarter basis versus the previous year. What we see, though, is that our share in the U.S. has been stable, flat over the last 3 to 4 months, which is encouraging for us. Outside of the U.S., we've seen a little bit of a slowdown in the overall insulin market. We need to watch that a little bit further. But we continue when it comes to our share trends, we continue with our performance, which is basically some share gains in both the mealtime insulin market were the relevant market for us, as well as human insulin. It is difficult to say whether there's been destocking at the wholesaler or at the retail level. We clearly have a little more visibility in the wholesaler level than the retail level. But if you were to look at some of the script trends, I may agree with you. There might have been some destocking, but we don't have full visibility there.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes. It's -- in this particular case, it seems what we're looking at is basically establishing comparability versus Lantus. For competitive reasons, what I -- we don't have any plans to basically disclose the different trials. As we have shared in the past, we expect to be filing this product sometime next year.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. We do see pricing pressure in the U.S. in particular. What we basically see is that the negotiations that we basically have with some of the major players are more difficult than we have seen. Their leverage increase, as they have the ability to be able to move share as they restrict access to products, given the contracts that they are able to establish. So yes, there is some pressure. As we see from our perspective next year, we expect to maintain the access that we basically have, if anything, maybe a slight net gain when it comes to the life for both human insulin, Humulin, as well as Humalog.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes. We do not expect to see slips when it comes to formulary. What we expect, if anything, net gain, a slight net gain, when it comes to lives that are covered when we look at both Humilin and Humalog.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. When we look at the market for GLP-1s, outside of the U.S., I would say that we're seeing good growth, in particular, in markets where BYDUREON has been launched, whether it's Germany or the U.K. I think the growth overall I think is meeting expectations. When it comes to the U.S., we've seen somewhat of a slowdown when it comes to the GLP-1 market. I won't be able to comment on the BYDUREON performance in the U.S. That question is probably best addressed by Bristol-Myers and AstraZeneca.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. When it comes to the insulin, the overall insulin market, what we basically see is a very significant adoption of DPP-4s. And we commented also on GLP-1s. To some extent, that is delaying the initiation on insulin and some of the earlier use of insulin. We believe that some of these impacts are more short term. I think we saw similar impacts when, for example, metformin was introduced in the U.S. many years ago. So my sense is that we will continue to see long-term insulin growth rates that are much more aligned with the historical rates, but we're seeing some depressed rates now. When it comes to the U.S., clearly, we do see some ebb and flow when it comes to the access in the payer environment. We do expect insulin units to continue to grow. People that are on insulin utilize about 2% to 3% more insulin every single year. So we see a growing market long term in the U.S. What we have to do is make sure that we have a level playing field when it comes to accessing in the U.S. Our position when it comes to access is one of open access and having the ability to compete in that environment. And we like our chances when it comes to both Humalog and Humulin within each of its relevant markets. Now of course, we're very excited about the pipeline that we have and the 2 insulins, the basal analogues, which for us is very significant because for us, all of that means incremental revenue. This is a segment of the market where we do not compete today. And not only will we compete there, but it will make us stronger in the other segments where we do compete today.
Enrique A. Conterno: We do see significant opportunities in diabetes across the globe. We are pursuing a broad and comprehensive portfolio of medicines. As we think about, for example, the oral classes, we expect the DPP-4 class and the SGLT-2 class to be the largest oral classes by revenue by the end of the decade. We are pleased with the progress that we're making with Tradjenta. We are gaining share consistently across the world. In particular, in some of the emerging markets, the product where we have comparable access or out-of-pocket market, that product seems to be performing very, very well, and we have some of our high shares in the world. And I think this speaks very well to what the product can offer in a playing field where we basically have comparable access, which is something that we're very much working and improving in the U.S. market. We continue to be encouraged by the data that we see on empagliflozin. We have spoken quite a bit about the GLP-1. And then we have a broad range portfolio of insulins. The critical mass that this portfolio is going to provide to us is very significant. We'll be able to have a very significant reach, which is critical when it comes to geographies all over the world because primary care today is the gatekeeper when it comes to diabetes treatment. So we will have the right portfolio and the right commercial presence to ensure that we're meeting the needs of people with diabetes everywhere.
Travis Coy: And with regards to baricitinib, Catherine, we're obviously very encouraged by the data we saw on safety and efficacy front for baricitinib. And we do anticipate the Phase III could start imminently. We look forward to disclosing more of that data at ACR at the investor meeting and also describing in more detail the Phase III development program.
Travis Coy: Thanks, Dave. I'm assuming you're talking about the combination gastric cancer trial that we have in combination with paclitaxel. So we'll hope to see that data and complete that trial sometime mid next year.
Travis Coy: Hey, Mark, with respect to ramucirumab and breast cancer, we expect to have that progression. So yes, I can confirm the primary endpoint for that trial is progression-free survival. We expect to have that data sometime mid-next year. However, I do also need to mention that we are also looking, in conjunction with the progression-free survival, for trends in overall survival. And specifically, we'll look at the interim overall survival results, which we intend to have about the same time as the final progression-free results. So and I -- when I say have those, I mean have those internally. So again, this may be similar to the gastric combination trial that Phil mentioned, where we may not be in a position to disclose those results externally until 2014.
Jan M. Lundberg: First, we are encouraged by our data on sola showing slowing nano-cognitive decline in the mild Alzheimer population. What I can say is that we will provide you with an update once we have received the clear guidance from regulatory authorities on the next steps for sola.
Jan M. Lundberg: Right. So let me start by mentioning again baricitinib, the oral molecule then for autoimmune disease developed together with Incyte. And as you heard, that will be presented in more details very soon. The next one is the beta-secretase inhibitor, which is an oral agent in the Alzheimer's disease space. Again, in the amyloid pathway, and there has been an interesting study presented now that shows if you have mutations in the amyloid precursor protein at the [indiscernible], you are protected against Alzheimer's disease, a study from the from the Icelandic population. And we believe our base inhibitor could mimic this genetic experiment, so to say, in humans. And we have a Phase II study ongoing, where we actually have imaging positivity for Amyvid as an inclusion criteria to directly study that population. The next one is glosuzumab [ph], a Sclerostin antibody where we have -- are receiving Phase IIb data as a bone anabolic, but it looks very promising. And finally, an oral agent in diabetes, a glucagon receptor antagonist, where we also see opportunities to lower blood glucose using this very well-established mechanism that actually never have been exploited in diabetes, particularly type 2 treatment.
Jan M. Lundberg: In relation to CETP inhibitors, our evacetrapib have shown, as you know, impressive elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, HDL, and also a lowering of LDL, which you could say is relatively similar to what anacetrapib have been publishing. To directly compare them, though, it's harder to do it since we'd really need head-to-head studies. Both agents have also shown that they don't share the properties of torcetrapib, the Pfizer agent that failed in relation to blood pressure effects. The type of outcome trials that we have for evacetrapib is in 11,000-patient trials and with a MACE outcome that is somewhat different in relation to endpoints compared to Merck's trial. And we also have a higher-risk population for cardiovascular outcomes. We are considering potentially here to publish a design paper together with the study investigators to provide more details about this trial.
Philip Johnson: Great, Dave. Thanks for your questions. We'll have Travis take your question for the ramucirumab data disclosure, Enrique for insulin glargine, and I'll finalize it with the CTAD disclosures.
Philip Johnson: Great. And Dave, in terms of CTAD, as it was at ANA, the group that will be presenting the data is the ADCS group. It will be Dr. Rochelle Doody again presenting that data that they have analyzed independently. At this point, we don't know the specifics around what might be presented. You may recall that at the ANA meeting, she had mentioned that they'd likely be presenting biomarker data, as well as potential other secondary endpoints, like the CDR-Sum of Boxes. In terms of the expectations, we did on our call that Monday evening at ANA provide sort of a top line, if you will, of what we saw with biomarkers. Now with our slide 18, it was the second bullet point, where we had said that in our analysis, solanezumab did demonstrate target engagement. You should be thinking there are things like plasma and CSF Abeta 1-40 and 1-42 measurements. We did see evidence of an effect on plaque, there you'd be looking at things like differential effects on Abeta 1-42 compared to 1-40, as well as the Amyvid scans. And then we said we did not see evidence of an effect on the cellular pathology of Alzheimer's disease. I guess, a more complicated way of saying that things like phosphotal and your volumetric MRI did not demonstrate treatment effect. And again, more detailed data will be coming at CTAD, presented by the ADCS group. Finally, in terms of just data disclosures in general for ramucirumab, the gastric monotherapy trial that we had the top line release on, it's still unclear exactly what venues that will be presented in, but clearly, you can imagine that we'd be shooting for things like ASCO mid next year, as well as potentially the ASCO GI conference that's early in the year. And then that gastric -- or combination trial, excuse me, since it won't read out data internally until we get into the second half of the year, it might not have a scientific data disclosure until '14.
Philip Johnson: And Yes, CDR-Sum of Boxes, again, our guess is that there will be more details provided by ADCS. As you know from prior discussions and the presentation we have, we saw great consistency on a number of measurements across both studies, cognitive and functional, ADAS-Cog11, ADAS-Cog14 and MMSE for functional, as well as things like the ADCS-ADL and in particular, the IADL for the functional scale. The CDR-Sum of Boxes did not show a statistically significant result and did not behave as we had anticipated or hoped. Again, we're looking into why that may have occurred and some of the explanations. And again, it may be that the ADCS presents some of their specific data findings and conclusions on that at CTAD. I would say that in coming months, maybe even yet this year, but definitely early next year, you should expect to see additional presentations and publications likely both by ADCS and Lilly on the solanezumab EXPEDITION trials.
Philip Johnson: Before we go over to Derica, in terms of the filability, Mark, our expectations would be that the ability to file based on the final PFS data and interim OS data will depend on the strength of that data. But yes, if it's extremely strong PFS data, and there's a very strong trend on the interim OS, that is certainly a possibility, obviously, subject to discussions with regulators. The trial is, in fact, powered for OS even though that is a secondary endpoint. So Derica, if you can comment on the long-term margin guidance.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Jami. You did ask a little more detailed than had been asked on the prior question for Humalog and Humulin about -- from the pricing environment thing, so in the interest of time, if it's okay, we'll have Enrique answer that. We actually did answer the filing question for ramucirumab. So I'll be happy to follow up with you as soon as the call has concluded.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks for the questions, Marc. Obviously, Derica for the first on the cost cutting. Jan will come over to you then for the Phase II pipeline. And then back to you, Enrique, on the GLP-1 market.
Philip Johnson: Great. This is Phil. Since we've gone past the top of the hour, we'll close the Q&A session here. As we break, I would like to recognize individual who for the investors has toiled behind the scenes, that has been an invaluable support in Investor Relations group. That's Arnie Hanish, our Chief Accounting Officer, who's retiring soon after 29 years with the company. So Arnie, thank you for your contributions. And we thank all of you that have joined us this morning and appreciate your interest in Eli Lilly & Company. Travis, Ilissa and myself will be available for the rest of the day for further questions that you may have. We look forward to seeing you soon at ACR and other venues. Have a great day.
