David A. Ricks: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly & Company's Q3 2018 Earnings Call. I'm Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO. Joining me on today's call are Josh Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, the President of Lilly Research Labs and our Chief Scientific Officer; Enrique Conterno, the President of Lilly Diabetes and Lilly U.S.A.; Christi Shaw, the President of Lilly Bio Medicines; and Anne White, who is joining us for the first time as our new President of Lilly Oncology. We're also joined by Kristina Wright, Mike Suppar (1:09), Kevin Hern, and Phil Johnson of the IR team. Please note that Jeff Simmons is not on the call today, as Elanco is now having their own quarterly earnings calls, including their first call earlier this morning. Substantive questions regarding their business performance and outlook should be directed to Elanco's Investor Relations team. During this call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide 3 and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed at the SEC. Information we provide about our products and our pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional. And it is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. We continued our strong performance in 2018 with a third quarter revenue growth of 7% and non-GAAP operating income of 29% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 32%. New pharmaceutical products, which now represent 35% of human Pharma revenue in the quarter, continue to be the driver of our worldwide growth, led by Trulicity, Taltz, and Verzenio. New products continue to drive strong volume-based growth, highlighted by the 14% Pharma volume growth and the 30% U.S. diabetes volume growth. We continue to expand our margins this quarter. Excluding the effect of FX on international inventory sold, non-GAAP gross margin as a percent of revenue increased by nearly 110 basis points over Q3 2017. And non-GAAP operating income as a percent of revenue increased by over 380 basis points to 28.1%. We made significant progress with the pipeline this quarter, including the approval and launch of Emgality in the U.S., a positive CHMP opinion for Emgality in Europe, the submission of lasmiditan in the U.S., as well as positive Phase 3 readouts for Ultra Rapid Lispro in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes patients, and a positive Phase 2 readout for GIP/GLP, which is now called tirzepatide, in Type 2 diabetes. And we announced yesterday that Trulicity demonstrated superiority in the reduction of major adverse cardiovascular events across a broad range of people with Type 2 diabetes in the precedent setting REWIND trial. These results are important for the millions of people with Type 2 diabetes who face a higher risk for CV disease. We will submit these data to regulatory authorities and plan to present the detailed data at ADA in 2019. These extensive data, along with Trulicity's proven powerful efficacy, simply delivered, further validate Trulicity as a well-established option for people with diabetes. In terms of capital deployment, Elanco Animal Health became a publicly-traded company via a well-received initial public offering. Through the IPO and the associated debt offering, Elanco raised over $4 billion in capital, the vast majority of which was provided to Lilly as partial consideration for the Animal Health business that Lilly transferred to Elanco in connection with the IPO. We announced several business development transactions, including a licensing agreement which Chugai Pharmaceuticals for an oral GLP-1 agonist; a licensing and research collaboration with Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, utilizing their RNAi technology platform; a collaboration with NextCure Inc., focused on discovery and development of novel immuno-oncology cancer therapies; and we purchased a priority review voucher. We returned nearly $600 million via the dividend. And we repurchased $1 billion of stock. Moving on to slides 5 and 6, you'll see more detail on key events since our July earnings call. Now I'll turn the call over to Josh to review our Q3 results and to provide an update on our financial guidance for 2018.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Josh. So Slide 18 shows select pipeline opportunities as of October 30. In my summary of the quarter at the beginning of the call, I mentioned the positive movements for Emgality and lasmiditan. Additional movements since our last earnings call includes, the start of a Phase 3 study for Olumiant in lupus; and the start of a Phase 2/3 adaptive study for Olumiant in alopecia areata; the attrition of Cyramza's second line bladder cancer indication from Phase 3; and the attrition of the N3pG plus BACE combo arm from the ongoing Phase 2. Please note, we are still studying N3pG as a monotherapy in Phase 2. On slide 19, we provide an update on expected key events for 2018. In addition to the pipeline movement and regulatory actions I have already noted, you will see that we've added a new line to reflect our expectation to submit Taltz for axial spondyloarthritis to regulatory authorities by the end of the year. In addition, the FDA has granted breakthrough designation to Emgality for the cluster headache indication. And you'll see that we've added a new line to reflect our plans to submit this indication by year end. Under regulatory action, you will see the approval of Verzenios in Europe and Verzenio in Japan and the approval of fruquintinib in China under the trade name Elunate. Under regulatory submissions, you'll see the submission of a new indication for Cyramza in Europe and Japan for second line liver cancer. In the Phase 3 data presentations and publications section, we reflect the presentations at EASD of the EASE 2 and 3 studies in type I diabetes for empagliflozin, as well as the CARMELINA CV outcome study for Tradjenta in collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim. In addition to the presentations at ACR of the COAST-V and COAST-W axial spondyloarthritis studies for ixekizumab. And in Phase 3 top line data disclosure section, in addition to the Phase 3 readouts for Trulicity and Ultra Rapid Lispro, which I mentioned earlier, we also had a positive Phase 3 readout for flortaucipir, our tau imaging agent. This was another productive quarter, contributing to continued pipeline advancement in 2018. Before we go to the Q&A section, let me briefly sum up the progress we made this quarter. In Q3, we continued our strong operating performance in 2018, delivering 7% revenue growth and 12% volume growth, driven by our newest products. As Josh stated earlier, our Pharma volume growth was the strongest this decade. We continue to realize significant efficiencies in our cost structure, leading to operating margin expansion of over 380 basis points, excluding the impact of foreign exchange on international inventory sold. We have made excellent progress in our pipeline this quarter as well: The approval and launch of Emgality for migraine patients in the U.S., this is our 10th new product launch since 2014; the FDA submission of lasmiditan for acute migraine; positive Phase 3 data for Ultra Rapid Lispro; the presentation of exciting Phase 2 data for tirzepatide in type II diabetes; and just yesterday's news that Trulicity demonstrated superiority in the reduction of major adverse cardiovascular events across a broad range of people with type II diabetes in the precedent setting REWIND trial. We also returned $1.6 billion to shareholders via dividend and share repurchases. We completed the Elanco IPO and bolstered our early phase pipeline with the addition of an oral GLP-1, while completing several other business development deals. This concludes our prepared remarks. And now I'll turn the call over to Phil to moderate the Q&A session.
David A. Ricks: Just maybe a follow on comment on that. I've seen notes from analysts as well as other industry commentators that, roughly in specialty segments, these are single-digit impacts in terms of patients actually exposed to the out-of-pocket costs of co-pay accumulators, net of industry actions and payer actions. And that's not really different for us with Taltz, which is the major product affected. So it's an issue, but it's not a huge driver of the overall picture.
David A. Ricks: Great. Thanks, Phil. Well, we appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in Eli Lilly & Company. Our strong execution through the first nine months of 2018 highlights the continued progress towards and the increasing confidence in the delivery of our revenue and profitability goals for 2020. We have seen continued pipeline progression, including our 10th new product launch since 2014; compellingly stage opportunities for tirzepatide, mirikizumab and pegilodecakin; and superiority of Trulicity in the ambitious REWIND CV outcome study. This progress underscores the opportunities for growth beyond 2020. We look forward to providing a more detailed update on our pipeline during our December 19 Investor Meeting. Thanks again for dialing in. Please follow up with our IR team if you have questions we have not addressed on the call. Hope everyone has a great day.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you, Dave. As in prior calls, we would like to take as many questions as possible during the Q&A session, so we do ask that you limit your questions to two or a single question with two parts. Also, given some scheduling issues on our side and the fact that in recent calls we have not exhausted the full 90 minutes we had scheduled, we do intend to conclude today's call at 10:15. So with that, Lola, if you could provide the instructions for the Q&A session. And then we're ready for the first caller.
Philip Johnson: Yes, if you could. And then maybe put Jason into the next slot if he's able to reconnect? Thank you.
Philip Johnson: Okay. Andrew, thank you for the questions. If I got them, first, Enrique, would be barriers that you see to Jardiance usage and ways to maybe change that, Tier 2 formulary status and Medicare, and the opportunity for a second brand to potentially address some of the issues that patients face in that book of business.
Philip Johnson: Great, Jason. Thank you for the questions. So, Christi, if you'll take question on the Taltz outlook going forward. And then over to you, Dan, for our goals for the oral GLP-1 program.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you for the questions. So, Enrique, maybe we'll have you attack those. So the first one on GIP/GLP or tirzepatide, things that are being done for Phase 3 with titration, things we would have learned in our Phase 2 program, and then any comments on enrollment timing. And then how you see REWIND playing out going forward with the GLP-1 market.
Philip Johnson: Great, Steve. Thank you for the questions. So, Josh, if you'll take the comment on U.S. price, if there was also offsets there in the volumes that we're gaining. And then, Enrique, on what we mean by precedent setting for REWIND.
Philip Johnson: Great, Umer. Thank you for the questions. So, Dan, we'll go to you for those on the development strategy for the IL-10. And then also what we think about the efficacy results and any safety findings from the initial trial that's readout for our NGF.
Philip Johnson: Great, Vamil. Thank you for the questions. So, Christi, if you'd like to talk about what we're seeing in terms of uptake access and physician experience here in the U.S. And then, Anne, over to you for what we're seeing with Lartruvo and the market opportunity there.
Philip Johnson: Great. Louise, thank you for the questions. So, Enrique, another question on REWIND for you. And then, Christi, on the CGRP question, please.
Philip Johnson: Great. Seamus, thank you for the questions, and welcome back to you as well. Good to hear your voice on the line. Christi, if you'll take the question on the opportunity for cluster for Emgality. And then, Enrique, for the international growth opportunity for the GLP-1 class.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. REWIND is indeed a precedent setting trial. It included the majority of patients without – with Type 2 diabetes, but without cardiovascular disease. It also had the longest median follow-up, over five years, and a low A1C baseline of 7.3. I think what we can share at this stage is really what's on the press release. We will not be sharing more information on REWIND until our intended detailed presentation at ADA next year. We do intend to submit in 2019 for a new indication. Related to Humalog and Basaglar on the overall diabetes portfolio, first, I think we're very pleased with the overall volume growth when it comes to the diabetes portfolio. Clearly when it comes to Humalog, we did see a 14% price decline vis-a-vis Q3 of 2017. Just to provide maybe a little more color on this, we are seeing in a favorable segment mix about 8 points of that 14. Patient affordability is impacted in the insulin portfolio. That's another 4 points. And then we had a unfavorable property (22:24) adjustment as a comparator to last year's quarter. Maybe to provide and try to be a little more instructed, yes, we do see a lot of volatility with Humalog. It is better to look at this product on a year-to-date basis. And when we look at it on a year-to-date basis, I think the trend that we basically see is mid-single digit erosion on price. The dynamics on Basaglar are slightly different, in that Basaglar did not have any access in Part D, and that's access that we first gained this year. So when we look at the compare, we are comparing on a segment that is highly rebated. And that basically has an impact on price. Now when we look at Q2 of 2018 versus Q3 of 2018 for Basaglar, there is some price erosion but not the same magnitude that you see year on year.
Enrique A. Conterno: When it comes to insulin interchangeability at the pharmacy level, we do not believe this is imminent. At best, it's likely a few years away. And it will require the appropriate studies for the FDA to provide such a designation.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yeah. I'm going to try to answer that question, Andrew, just by maybe a bit of color on how we see Jardiance, because I do see there are some barriers. But I see a number of dynamics that are very positive when I look at the overall class and Jardiance in particular. First, clearly one of the things that we look at is, how is the overall class evolving and developing? And the class right now is growing in single digits, high single digits. But more importantly, we are seeing new patient starts – the growth in new patient starts accelerate. We now see that in the 14%, 15% range. It reminds me a bit of the reacceleration of the GLP-1 class back when Trulicity was launched. Importantly, there are new guidelines that have been published by both ADA and EASD. We think those guidelines are a significant improvement. And that's going to be very helpful. That's an important tailwind. And finally, we have improved access for Jardiance. As you know, we were excluded from one of the major accounts. We are back as of January 1. And that's going to be a very important access for Jardiance. When it comes to coverage, now starting in January of 2019 is in the 90s. So that's an excellent foundation for us to capitalize on. And an additional point, which I emphasized in the GLP-1 class, but it's relevant for now, SGLT2s, is that we have basically additional data from competitors that are confirming the benefits when it comes to CV of the class. And importantly, investments from those competitors. Jardiance is in the best opportunity to capitalize on that. So I see an evolution. And there are a lot of signs and dynamics to be hopeful about the acceleration of the overall growth and the ability for Jardiance to capitalize on that. You asked about Medicare, and whether we would be launching a second brand with Jardiance. Honestly, that's not where I see the issue for Jardiance when it comes to the use of it. Clearly, we always assess all opportunities for our brands. But we are much more focused about – and I think as you implied on your question – continuing to educate health care professionals to ensure that they understand the full benefit that Jardiance can offer patients. And these new guidelines are going to be extremely helpful to do that.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yeah. So as we've shared as part of tirzepatide's Phase 3 program, we are planning to study three maintenance doses at 5, 10 and 15 mg. I think what we've learned is that we should titrate in smaller increments and over time. As we've shared, we have a titration study that we intend to share the details next year. But clearly we've learned a lot from the study in terms of what are the optimal titration schedules. We are planning aggressively when it comes to starting this trial and starting enrollment. So you'll be hearing more when it comes to our trial for Type 2 diabetes soon. As far as REWIND, I don't want to speculate on the particular indication that we will get. But clearly, this is important for the class in that it confirms what other GLP-1s have shown when it comes to seeing benefit. And, I'm sorry, I cannot resist, but I heard Novo Nordisk's call. And they also mentioned that GLP-1s were not all the same, and I think we agree with them.
Enrique A. Conterno: As I mentioned when I first discussed REWIND as part of the first question, it is precedent setting because it includes some areas of patients without cardiovascular disease. It has the longest median follow-up and a low A1C baseline. We'll be sharing the detailed results at the ADA next year.
Enrique A. Conterno: Well, clearly, we are planning to pursue an indication under a submission in 2019 and a standard review. We will be looking at a label update in 2020. Of course, we are working as fast as we can to try to expedite that as much as possible. And we'll be working with the regulatory authorities. Unfortunately, we won't be able to share the REWIND data prior to ADA.
Enrique A. Conterno: On the expectations, of course. This is a positive trial. Trulicity is showing superiority in a broad range of patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Enrique A. Conterno: So there is a significant opportunity, just like in the U.S., outside of the U.S. for the GLP-1 class. The GLP-1 class is growing in the mid-20s outside of the U.S. in most markets, so very healthy growth. Something unique when we look at the international markets is the size of the basal insulin market, which, as we know, represents a significant opportunity, as we see GLP-1s being the injectables of choice, first injectables prior to basal insulin. So a very significant opportunity, but we see that playing out over time.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes. On Jardiance and type 1, clearly, as part of the EASE studies, we showed that Jardiance as an adjunct to insulin in patient with type 1 can have additional level of glycemic control. And we saw this across all doses that we basically studied. At this point in time, we are working with BI [Boehringer Ingelheim] on the regulatory next steps. And we hope to be able to share more shortly.
Joshua L. Smiley: Yes. Thanks, Tim. And you started to answer the question. I think the main tailwinds – or the headwind that we'll see is the Cialis overhang in 2019, as we will experience the main erosion here in the fourth quarter in the U.S. So that certainly will be a headwind as we head in 2019. That being said, we're seeing great growth in the 10 new medicines we've launch since 2014. So we'd expect that the volume from those products to more than compensate for many of the tailwinds we've said we will see. So we will see a difficult compare. The other thing that we've talked about in terms of a headwind on the top line will be the change in the donut hole provision in Medicare Part D, the move from 50% to 70%. As Enrique mentioned, we've got Basaglar in our diabetes products, are in that segment strongly. So we'll see a little bit of a headwind there. But I think we're really pleased with the volume growth that we saw this quarter and expect that the main components of that will continue into 2019. On the R&D side, we do have a very robust set of Phase 3 opportunities ahead of us. You mentioned tirzepatide, which will be starting in mid-2019. In a broad sense we've got mirikizumab that we moved into Phase 3. As you know, those trials are expensive, so we'll have a cost there. And then we'll see data on our ARMO asset, the IL-10, in 2019. And we'd expect that, given positive data there, to continue to push that program. So we'll make targeted investments in R&D and should expect to see some growth there. I think we've been pretty clear on the SG&A line that a big component of our operating margin expansion will be to redirect the investments and resources that we have in products like Cialis and Forteo and others to our new launch opportunities we'll have. Certainly, we'll spend competitively to launch products like Emgality next year. But we'd look to manage that total base at a pretty flat level. All in all, we are excited about the prospects for midterm, 2019 and 2020. We're well on track we think to meet our 2020 midterm objectives, which are 5% compound annual, minimum 5% compound annual sales growth between 2015 and 2020 and operating margin minimum of 30%. So we feel good about where we are there.
Joshua L. Smiley: Thanks, Steve. Yes, if you look at volume for the third quarter in the U.S., it grew at 17%, which Dave and I both mentioned was the most significant volume growth we've seen this decade. And that Basaglar absolutely contributed to that growth. So the access that we got in Medicare Part D is contributing to the 17% growth, as are the other elements that we mentioned around patient access and all of the new launches. So it is a positive offset there. And you can see in total, even with that negative-6% growth, the U.S. business grew at 11% overall.
Joshua L. Smiley: So, Dave, we'll do our guidance for 2019 in December, and we'll provide our pricing assumptions then. I can tell you for 2018 for the guidance that we gave, we're not assuming any additional price increases this year. In terms of exposure to the change in the donut hole provision, we've said before that when we look across our portfolio, it's about $200 million of incremental impact in 2019. And then on the co-pay accumulators piece, of course these impact the specialty drugs, particularly Taltz and Forteo for now. And we're – at least for where we are right now, we're comfortable that there is not a significant exposure here.
Christi Shaw: Sure. So we're very excited with Taltz. I mean you probably saw that our year-over-year volume growth was significant. And specifically, our TRx grew 80% year over year. And over the quarter, continuing to grow the same. And we're just starting with Taltz. I mean we have a great position in the dermatology office. We just launched this year in the rheumatology office with psoriatic arthritis, which that launch is going well. And just coming off of the American College of Rheumatology, we also demonstrated our data in ankylosing spondylitis, which we will submit before the end of the year, as Dave said. So as we're looking and winning in dermatology, we're beefing up in rheumatology as well. And to your point about access. Right now, our access is about the same as COSENTYX, a little bit less due to the Optum [OptumRx] change in the beginning of the year. But with that, as you can see, the growth of Taltz – it hasn't prevented us from getting patients who need Taltz on Taltz. And we see that continuing in the future. Because in this marketplace, unfortunately, patients cycle through many different therapies. And what we're seeing from customers is that they would like a variety of therapies and different mechanisms to choose from. So you look at the entire portfolio that we have of newer agents coming out and IL-17 and IL-23, our JAK inhibitor, we're looking to be able to provide a broad portfolio to those customers, those patients, and broaden our access to payers with the advent of the newer agents.
Christi Shaw: Sure. So thank you for the question, Vamil. In terms of Olumiant, I will start with the EU as you suggested, or outside the U.S. The growth of Olumiant in volume in Europe in the last two quarters has actually been the fastest growing in volume for Lilly as a whole. And in Japan, we just were lifted in September on the two-week prescription. So we're seeing significant uptake now that that restriction is off. And in the U.S., we're getting a lot of usage. In terms of the uptake, we are giving samples in the office to physicians, so you won't see that on the uptake. But more importantly, what we're hearing from physicians is that their patients are having really positive feedback on our speed of onset. Just like we saw in Europe and the other 50 countries where we've launched, the efficacy continues to deliver. And really helping patients with the early onset of symptom relief, so they get back to the productive days of their life. which is significant. And as the physicians see those patients come back, it truly is changing. And then helps them obviously feel more comfortable in prescribing as well. And Olumiant is really key for us. It's not just in the U.S. RA, but we continue to evolve the indications for Olumiant. We have three Phase 3 studies, obviously, that we're recruiting for in atopic dermatitis, in lupus, and a Phase 2/3 adaptive study in alopecia areata. So as those readouts come out as well, we'll be looking for significant uptake of Olumiant in helping a lot of patients with high unmet need.
Christi Shaw: Yes. So we are extremely excited about the migraine marketplace. I mean you're seeing, as we've been discussing over the last year, the high unmet need with now tens of thousands of patients already being prescribed a preventive now. And I don't think I've talked to you since we actually received our label. So we're really happy with the label we received in terms of our differentiation. We have the 50%, 75%, and 100% migraine-free data that we're able to promote. Also our positive outcome for functional measures, which is unique for Emgality, is in the label. And we just presented data at the American Headache Society that Emgality works fast. Our induction dose, so patients can actually get the medication quickly, and they get it in the doctor's office where they teach them how to do the autoinjector. They do it themselves. And then they go and take it once a month then on. Lastly, the other differentiation is we got the breakthrough therapy designation in cluster. And we're very excited about that for patients who have had no treatment – no approved treatment – in that suicide headache population. So as we look at the marketplace, we see it continuing to grow. We like our chances in terms of being able to compete. And with the competitive agents and oral agents coming out next year, those right now are in a different class that will compete with lasmiditan and not the preventive therapies initially. So with the entire franchise we have in migraine of both preventative and acute, we think we're a leader. And we know we're a leader in pain and migraine and will continue to prove it out over time.
Christi Shaw: Thank you, Seamus, for the question. As I said earlier, we are so excited to help these patients with cluster. And although the number of patients who have cluster is obviously significantly less than the general moderate to severe migraine population, it is such a high unmet need that we're privileged to provide that for patients. And the second part of your question, I think it's good for that. But it's also obviously confirming again the efficacy of Emgality. As I stated before, Emgality is the only one who actually demonstrated efficacy in 100% of – being able to relieve 100% of migraines in any given month. And that efficacy, now coupled with cluster, which is significant and no one has ever showed efficacy, that halo effect across Emgality in migraine we expect will be a benefit.
Daniel M. Skovronsky: Yeah, thank you for the question on our partnership with Chugai on this oral GLP-1 receptor agonist. This is still a pre-Phase 1 molecule, but moving quickly towards human trials. An important comment there is that this is a non-peptidic agonist. So this is – you should think of this very differently from an oral peptide. This is a small molecule approach. As such, we expect it to have in humans – and this is what we'll be testing – a much higher bioavailability than you would see for any kind of oral peptide approach. What does that mean for patients? We hope that will translate into a better experience, certainly in terms of how and when this molecule will be dosed for the people on the trials, and ultimately, in practice. But also that should translate into improved outcomes. So it's still very early, but we're excited about the potential here. And look forward to getting some human data.
Daniel M. Skovronsky: Yeah, thanks, Umer, for those good questions. So starting with the pegilodecakin at IL-10. As you point out, the randomized trial that's ongoing at Phase 3 is in pancreas. We're excited about that and look forward to seeing data there in combination with FOLFOX. The two Phase 2 studies that you mentioned are randomized trials in non-small cell lung cancer. The first one is in the first line setting in PD-L1 high patients. And the second one is in the second line setting in the PD-L1 low setting, both in combination with I/O. We're absolutely excited to see data from those trials starting next year, which will inform our progress in that opportunity. As for RCC, you're right that we had the monotherapy activity there in that early Phase 1 study, which was exciting, and part of the basis of the back years, that this molecule is active in the monotherapy setting. I think in terms of that indication and other indications, we're still working through what our plan is. Some of that will depend on data that we get in these next couple of trials, as well as the data that we already have. We hope to be able to share more with you about our plans for full development of that molecule at our December R&D day. With respect to tanezumab, I think you had a question there on both the efficacy and the safety with respect to total joint replacements. On the efficacy, it's hard to make cross-trial comparisons. Of course, this is a different population, that's a more treatment resistant, more severe population than in those prior studies. Still, on balance, the efficacy looks quite comparable to what we would expect. Maybe some small differences in the placebo group from trial to trial. But this is a small trial. And we look forward to the full results coming. But all in all, I would say the efficacy data are where we expect them to be. And we're really, I think, excited as we said before about the potential of this molecule from an efficacy perspective. The question of course is, can we adequately discharge the safety risk? So the total joint replacement, there was an imbalance in this small study. We don't fully understand what drove that imbalance. I think there were a number of factors that we noticed about the imbalance in total joint replacements. One was that most of these events occurred in the follow-up period, rather than the on-treatment period. Another observation is that these events were generally in the patients who were most severe at enrollment. It was in their index joints, and it was not – in general, in most cases, it was not associated with any adverse event or any finding in the joint adjudication. So we'll keep our eye on that. And of course, the big readout for us with our partners, Pfizer, will be next year, when we get that large 56-week study.
Daniel M. Skovronsky: Yeah, thanks, Steve. Sorry for the confusion there. So on the N3pG BACE, we've dropped the BACE arm of this trial, so N3pG does continue. The decision to drop BACE was based on a couple factors. One was what we've seen across the field with various BACE inhibitors, where these drugs don't have a benefit. And they actually cause some increased rate of cognitive worsening. With our particular BACE inhibitor, we did see some increases in psychiatric adverse events that gave us some pause, as well as changes on imaging, increased rate of brain shrinkage. So that was the basis for the decision to discontinue BACE, despite as you said great preclinical data, showing a combination of BACE inhibition and N3pG to be beneficial in mice. N3pG, however, which is our plaque-clearing antibody, which really shows, I think, deep and rapid clearance of amyloid plaque from the brain, continues on in this Phase 2 study. This is designed to demonstrate evidence of efficacy. And we're really excited about that.
