John Lechleiter: Thank you, good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us to discuss Eli Lilly and Company's fourth quarter 2014 earnings. I'm John Lechleiter, Lilly's Chairman, President and CEO. Joining me on today's call are Derica Rice, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Jan Lundberg, our President of Lilly Research Laboratories; Dr. Sue Mahony, President of Lilly Oncology; Enrique Conterno, President of Lilly Diabetes; Dave Ricks, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; Chito Zulueta, President of Emerging Markets; Jeff Simmons, President of Elanco Animal Health; and Ilissa Rassner, Brad Robling and Phil Johnson of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 3 and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As usual, I'll begin by highlighting key events that have occurred since last quarter's call. Following FDA approval in September, we launched Trulicity in the U.S. during the fourth quarter. We also received regulatory approval for Trulicity in Europe. We’re in the process of launching in the U.K. and Germany and anticipate launches in additional EU countries over the course of this year and next. In diabetes, we also resubmitted Humalog U-200 KwikPen in the U.S. and along with Boehringer Ingelheim we received approval in Japan for both Jardiance and our insulin glargine product. In oncology, Cyramza was approved by the European commission for the treatment of advanced gastric cancer and by the FDA for two new indications second line non-small cell lung cancer and advanced gastric cancer in combination with paclitaxel. Enabled by a fast track designation, we also completed the rolling FDA submission for necitumumab in first-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer. And we submitted necitumumab to European regulators for the same indication. On the clinical front along with Incyte, we announced that baricitinib met the primary end point of improved ACR20 response compared to placebo in the Phase 3 RA-BEACON study in patients with moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis who previously failed one or more TNF inhibitors. The study included a high percentage of patients who would also receive prior treatment with one or several non anti TNF biologic agents. Along with AstraZeneca, we announced the initiation of the Phase 2/3 AMARANTH study of AZD3293, an oral BACE inhibitor being studied for Alzheimer's disease. Earlier this month, we presented Phase 3 data ASCO-GI from the RAISE trial evaluating Cyramza in combination with chemotherapy in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. In this trial, Ramucirumab prolonged both progression free and overall survival. And we began the second Phase 3 trial abemaciclib in breast cancer as well as a Phase 3 trial in lung cancer. On the business development front, we announced a pair of immuno-oncology collaborations. One with Bristol-Myers Squibb to study their PD-1 inhibitor, Opdivo with  galunisertib, our TGF-beta kinase inhibitor, in a Phase 1/2 study in patients with glioblastoma, hepatocellular and non-small cell lung cancers. The other was Merck to study their PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda at a Phase 2 study with Alimta in non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer and in Phase 1/2 studies with Cyramza in gastric, bladder and non-small cell lung cancer, as well as with necitumumab in non-small cell long cancer. We also announced a worldwide licensing collaboration with Adocia focused on developing an ultra-rapid insulin known as BioChaperone Lispro, for the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim announced changes to our diabetes collaboration; the companies will continue co-promotion work in 17 countries, representing over 90% of the collaboration's anticipated market opportunity. While in the other countries, the companies will exclusively commercialize the molecules they brought to the collaboration. And finally on January 1st, we completed the acquisition of Novartis Animal Health. In another news of note, we increased our quarterly dividend by 2% to $0.50 per share and we repurchased $300 million of stock in the fourth quarter of 2014 under our outstanding $5 billion share repurchase programs leaving $3.7 billion remaining. I would also highlight that the total cash distribution to shareholders in 2014 was nearly $3 billion. Now, I'll turn the call over to Phil for a discussion of our financial performance in the quarter.
John Lechleiter: Greg, hi, this is John. Thanks for your question. I think I would say three things in terms of what we’ve thought the senior management team has talked about around the table. Number one is to launch well - we’ve launched three products last year Cyramza, Jardiance and Trulicity. We have within 12 month window an opportunity to launch others potential our insulin glargine product, necitumumab. We have other filings in the work. So this is – we're exercising that launch muscle now and I think that's something we’re acutely focused on. Secondly to renew our pipeline, we've paid particular attention to putting the company in the position where we do not have to go through the boom and bust cycle, that's characterize the last 10 years. We're very focused on our Phase 1 molecule enteries on progression from Phase 2 to Phase 3 and ensuring that those molecules are high quality and substantially derisk by the time we get to Phase 3. And finally I would say improving productivity. We work and operate a very competitive world. We're in growing but very competitive classes and I think learning to operate across our business and ways that respond to the increased demands of our customer and the competitive pressures is something that's on our desk everyday and we're driving with the new conviction.
John Lechleiter: Great. Thank you, Dave. As it relates to the base program in alliance with AstraZeneca we've announced to begun Phase 2/3 program. So one feature of this is, it say Phase 2 program to confirm dose and safety which will then convert into a Phase 3 perhaps toward the end of this year, early next year depending on enrollment. I think the two key things. We don't have any comparative data with Merck's base inhibitor. Two key things I mentioned in terms of the study itself and then one operationally. We will be positively screening for amyloid as with the sola EXPEDITION 3 study in this program as well. So the 100% of the patients in the study have confirmed Alzheimer's, and we know that’s an issue from other experiences in this field. And then, our study is a mild Alzheimer's disease study. And I believe Merck has a mild, moderate plus a prodromal, so different population mixes. We also have different endpoints we're looking at. We favor the activities daily living and cognitive ADAS-Cog measurement points; I mean Merck's looking at different points as well. So there are differences. We'll have to see how it plays out. I would say operationally, for the previous comment on sola, we feel good about our team's ability to enroll patients in these types of studies. And, of course, there is a race to get a drug to patient suffering from the illness. So we're very focused on timelines and feel confident in our ability to execute.
John Lechleiter: Thank you, Phil. A brief wrap-up here. To all those on the call, we thank you for your continued interest in our company and for your support. As we emerge from this journey that we have taken through years YZ, I'm extremely proud that we have executed on the strategy that we laid out for you and deliver on the commitments we shared five years ago. On January 7th, we outlined our objectives for the balance of this decade. We intend to drive year-on-year revenue growth through the balance of this decade, spurred by new product launches from our pipeline. Next, we aim to turn that revenue growth into even greater earnings growth by controlling costs and leveraging existing infrastructure. At the same time we aim to maintain a sustainable flow of innovative medicines from our pipeline. And finally we will deploy capital to create value which includes returning excess cash to shareholders via both the dividend and share repurchases. We remain convinced that our strategy is the right one for Lilly in order to create value for patients, physicians, payers and our shareholders. And our ability to execute so far gives us increasing confidence at our future prospects. As always, we will keep you apprized of our progress. Thank you once again.
Phil Johnson: Thanks Derica. Given the 90 minutes we allot for the overall call, and the relatively brief prepared remarks, we do have quite a bit of time for Q&A but it would be great and appreciated if you limit your questions to two or three. If you have additional ones feel free to rejoin the queue later. Tom if you could provide the instructions for the Q&A caller please.
Phil Johnson: Thank you, Tony. So Sue Mahony, President of Lilly Oncoloy for the first question on Cyramza and then Dave again on solanezumab.
Phil Johnson: Great, Jay. Thank you for the questions. Those were all for Jeff. Feel free, and then if you want a comment at all, Derica, on the accretion dilution as well.
Phil Johnson: Thanks Ari Jahja. And was your second question on animal health pricing or just pharma pricing? I'm sorry.
Phil Johnson: Great. Thanks Seamus. So Jeff, for the animal health pricing question, and then back to Dave on solanezumab.
Dave Ricks: Hi, Dave. Thanks for the question. On the solanezumab extension just a remainder we have a 24-month period where we are measuring patient's who all rolled off expedition one and two into drug treatment at their choice of course. In that data we do expect to come out in the near future because it's not published or announced I can't really elaborate on what's inside that but again we are looking for evidence of a disease modifying effect in that patients who were started on sola coming off placebo. Don't catch up to those that had sola all along. And so with that sort of guidance of what we are looking for, we wait for the data to be published in the future. On tanezumab we are hoping to have the class and tanezumab remove from clinical trial hold this year and initiate Phase 3 studies as Derica mentioned. We have not posted those studies or their design yet, so it would be premature to comment on when they'd be completing read out but I would guide you to say it's probably beyond 16 Dave.
Dave Ricks: On sola, we remain very encouraged by the enrollment in Expedition-3. I really think Lilly has a best in the industry capability on conducting late phase Alzheimer's studies. And as you pointed out we're through in significant complexity which is the requirement to prove positive amyloid to enter the study in a 100% of patients. But I’m pleased to say I think our last update was we were two-thirds enrolled, we continue to progress to complete enrollment soon. I can't say we will mostly likely beat the enrollment window we saw on Expedition 1 and 2 which was a similar number of patients as reminded that was 22 months. So we would expect the enrollment soon and then of course look for read out in 2016 as we've discussed previously.
Dave Ricks: On Evacetrapib we do expect an event driven interim look soon this is for futility. As I said before the bar from an efficacy perspective is low really ruling out absolute futility and we will look at major cardiovascular events in that look. But I think we've said before, don't expect a major press release on both sides of that of course if we stop to study for futility we would announce that.
Dave Ricks: As it relates to the IL-17s we're quite excited about this class. We think both psoriasis has a lot of room for growth and IL-17s present really a compelling difference as a Group versus available therapies, I think you have a strongly exhibited in the topline results we put out in September which demonstrated a very significant effect size improvement over etanercept, in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis, with ixekizumab. We don't have class comparisons as you mentioned and Steve you will see our data come up pretty soon with a more full look at what we’re looking at. But I'll just say qualitatively, we think we have the potential to have the best drug in the class because at maximum doses, we see extraordinary rates of PASI 100 clearance and I think our numbers are high. So all the data is not out. We need to see Amgen's full data set but I think we feel good that we could have the most effective medicine in the class. And as we reported safety of ixekizumab in the moderate to severe patients with psoriasis was similar to that we saw with etanercept.
Derica Rice: And David, as regards to the FX effect on international inventory sold, recall that our inventory turns in Lilly is about 12 months. And so if you take back as we build the inventory during the period where the dollar was at a weaker level, or the euro and the yen was at a higher level, those inventories went on our balance sheet as we sell those inventories into the marketplace. Those inventories get revalued at current exchange rate and that benefit or that differential flows through P&L at that point in time. So in the case scenario we're looking at today, where the dollars has been strengthening, it comes to us as a benefit. You've seen in prior periods when the rate was going the other way when foreign currencies were strengthening against the US dollars and you were seeing a negative effect or an unfavorable effect flowing through our P&L through cost of goods sold.
Derica Rice: And then Tim, on the Alimta U.S. question, we had a very similar very low single digit less price benefit in the quarter like we had in the prior quarters. On various quarters there will be adjustments made for the accruals for rebase and discounts. There is variability and noise in those kinds of adjustments this particular quarter this happens to be negative adjustments relative to Q4 2013 but there's nothing unusual on the underlying trends that we're seeing what we would have in past quarters.
Derica Rice: As you know we stated that we expect to get our OpEx as combination of SG&A and R&D as a percent of sales back to that 50% of sales or less by 2018 on a full year basis. While I'm not in a position here on the call to break out the operating margin by business unit, let me just share with you some color as to how we see ourselves improving our margin overtime and provide some examples. So, one of things we’ve talked about is we’re launching in the area of oncology, obviously highly specialized, we believe we have the commercial footprint in place so even if Sue is launching new product and new indications, we believe we can accommodate that within our existing footprint. Likewise the same is true in diabetes as well where while we may be tweaking around the edges there are not any wholesale changes in our commercial footprint and from a sales force standpoint clearly there is the variable marketing spend behind these brands. And then if you look on the manufacturing side, we see ourselves opportunity as we continue to execute and complete the tactical agenda in our insulin business. And from a manufacturing standpoint which enables us to be able to produce the basal insulins that we’re launching in the same facilities today, where we produced our existing insulins in terms of Humulin and Humalog. So therefore we’re getting a more throughput through the same existing manufacturing footprints which should bring down our per unit cost flowing through those facilities. So these are some examples of how we believe we will be able to get increased leverage out of our existing infrastructure which will enable us to grow our OpEx at a slower rate and our cost base at our topline and giving us that positive leverage to return to the historical levels of profitability.
Derica Rice: Sure. I'll take the first one. For 2014 it was around 24% was the EBIT margin. And then, in regards to, just to clarify, when we announced the deal we did say it would be dilutive in 2015. And we said that we expect by 2017 to return the combined entity to the historical levels of profitability, which was in the mid-20s in terms of margins.
Derica Rice: Sure. In regards to the gross margin change in our guidance, it only relates to FX. So this is not driven by the step up of inventory for the Novartis Animal Health acquisition. In fact, that was included in our regional guidance that we shared on our January 7th call. So, the 78% gross margin projection today is solely due to the change in outlook in terms of the effect on inventories expected to be sold through the period.
Enrique Conterno: On Trulicity, we have to keep in mind that in mid-November we launched this product in the U.S. to specialist, specialist roughly represent about 30% of the market opportunity. We are in the process of launching as we speak in primary care right now, and as I have shared in the past, for us it is critical that we basically expand the GLP 1 market. We believe that Trulicity can be an important catalyst for the overall growth of the GLP 1 class. So we basically have to wait for that. In terms of metric that we actually look at specific to our near, medium and long term objectives are looking at the breadth of prescribing when we look at Trulicity. So we want to make sure that there is a strong breadth of prescribing in particular among primarily care customers.
Enrique Conterno: Tim, I really believe that I can make a strong case for each one of these products that you have mentioned. We just discussed Trulicity when Greg asked the question about, let's look at Jardiance for a second. We have the EMPA/LINA fixed dose combination coming up. We have a cardiovascular study that we've going to reel out in the middle of the year. Those two are very significant events when we look at the brand. I'll comment on insulin glargine in just a second and then of course we do believe that with our innovative basal insulin peglispro we've been able to show reductions in hemoglobin A1c versus the standard of care in basal insulin therapy which is something that has not been shown before. So I can make very good case for each of these products. We have to basically launch this product and see how they are accepted by our customers. When it comes to insulin glargine, I would say that it priced the only way to compete, I would say no. And I won’t share how we intend to compete when it comes to our commercial rollout but clearly we do have a portfolio of diabetes solutions. We know that diabetes price does play a role, we have the liver devices and we think that we will be able to offer our customers an important alternative when it comes to glargine, with our own insulin glargine product.
Enrique Conterno: I assume your questions on the least price increases and net prices refers to our insulin franchise. We have taken least price increases but we also have increased our rebates that we basically - in how we control with the pairs. As we look at the results for Humalog in the U.S., where we basically saw a minus 2 comparing Q4 of 2014 versus Q4 of 2013. A couple of things that I would have you keep in mind yes of course we did have pressure from managed care contracts. But we had two special events in fact in those results. We had wholesale buying patterns, nine points when it comes to Humalog or 9%. And then adjustments due to prior periods, primarily driven by greater utilization in Medicaid and Medicare about seven points. So you can think of those anomalies for the quarter but clearly we do see a highly competitive market when it comes to diabetes. On your question on GLP-1s, whether we are thinking about oral dulaglutide, I cannot comment on our specific class when it comes to GLP-1 but we have expressed that this is an area of interest to us.
Enrique Conterno: On BioChaperone, this product is already in the clinic. We do have some Phase 1 data and the reason we did a partnership is as we looked both our internal problems as well as what was out there, we felt this was the most compelling assets when we looked at the profile. We are looking for something that is factor-on and factor-off with the benefit that could basically bring including lower rates of hypoglycemia and lower variability when it comes to overall blood glucose.
Enrique Conterno: I won't be able to - Seamus, unfortunately discuss the program that we have for BioChaperone. What you should expect is that we need to make sure that this product is going to be effective in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes and we intend to conduct the right clinical studies to ensure that we can have a thoughtful Phase 3 commercial decision. As I mentioned, clearly we already have mealtime insulins in the market, so we need to show some benefits when it comes to differentiation vis-à-vis what’s already marketed but won’t be able to comment on that because we believe its important competitive information. On the premix market, clearly the premix market has been in many areas of the world declining with exception of emerging markets where we see continued growth of this category. When we look at the share performance Lilly has done fairly well. So we are gaining share in this market whether it’s in U.S., whether it’s Europe, Japan or emerging markets. And I'm not sure how to comment on whether once daily premix would be a strong benefit. We will have to see what the clinical data for that is. If I'm speculating about what you're talking about, right, a premix needs to provide I believe noninferior control to whatever the standard treatment is when it comes to diabetes. And this particular premix that I think you are talking about, may -- did not meet the primarily endpoints when it comes to hemoglobin A1c control, vis-à-vis basal-bolus therapy. So clearly, all is going to depend on the actual clinical data.
Enrique Conterno: I'm not sure. What I can say other than we are ready. Clearly, we expect to launch in Europe this year post the expiration of the license patent.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So, on the efficacy side, I think what we basically have is five positive Phase 3 trials against Lantus. Now let's keep in mind that we have not disclosed what the level of improvement is, but statistically significant improvement in hemoglobin A1c in five trials is unprecedented and hemoglobin A1c reduction it is a -- has a tangible benefit when it comes to outcomes, in particular in terms of the development of macrovascular complications. So we see this as extremely important. You spoke of some of the signals that we basically saw in our Phase 3 programs. At this stage though I think we have to wait for us to be able to disclose the beta at ADA for you to be able to see exactly what is the benefit risk profile of this product.
Jeff Simmons: Great question I think in Elanco we see a few very key spaces going forward in the medium and long term future. Continued animal disease continues to be a problem both at the respiratory and enteric levels, so that covers a couple key classes that we're worried about. So, Bovine respiratory disease continues to be a big challenge. So that’s one space. Second is mastitis continues to be one of the most unmet needs in dairy at this stage and we’re expecting to make a nice innovation launch in that space in the U.S. this year. And then I think the whole area of immune modulation turning the animals immune system and activating it against the disease, versus today when you look at current medications antibiotics et cetera, it's trying to introduce immune modulation. And I think the last one in the pet space is renal failure. It's continuing to be major issue especially the fee line area. So those are some of the big spaces. Pain would be another one as well.
Jeff Simmons: Yeah. And just to build on that, I think when you look at the Novartis, we feel good. It's better than expected in a couple of areas. Again, we're just a few days in, but close timing was better than expected and also the required divestitures really only meaning to sell one brand in the U.S. and all the other areas where we're clear on. So, at this stage, we've only got limited detail on moving forward, being we're just a month in and we'll definitely give a better view more clear detail in Q2, Q3.
Jeff Simmons: Yeah. We're going to continue from business development perspective. I mean, we feel very good about scale and share our voice being able to -- and Novartis we see as vehicles for the next year of growth. And they've increased our portfolio, our pipeline, and our share of voice. We're seeing that already in the early planning of both of these integrations which are working very well. I think we're going to look now very much as we have in the past with other acquisitions is where the strategic areas of need are. So, vaccinations in that space, emerging markets in comp animals will continue to be targets and we'll probably be more regional than global in nature.
David Ricks: Okay. Yeah, sure. Sorry. The gap there. I thought there was another question between it. Seamus thanks for the question on CTP. I think a couple points of clarification. All along we've been quoting LBO reduction numbers for our program using these so called direct measurement methods. I'm not actually familiar with the statement you made about Merck's method, but we use this direct method, which is the more accurate way and our numbers are made consistent throughout. Perhaps with our program the confusion has been, we reformulated as we went to Phase 3. We had tested 100 and 500 in Phase 2. And the formulation of 130 that you mentioned is more bio-available than the 130 equivalents in the Phase 2 study, if that make sense. So, we would expect the LDL reductions between the one and the 500 that were previously published. And that puts you somewhere in the 30s in terms of percentage reduction using the direct LDL measurement.
David Ricks: Yeah. Let me maybe just jump in on the -- you're commenting on the 2014 effect of price rate and volumes are we show here in the U.S. being down one on the year perhaps that’s a surprise. Remembering Japan had 2014 was the biannual price year, so we expected and planned for price pressure there. ACE, I think we are macroeconomic pressure in our business along with the plan for generic event of Cymbalta which lead into this year. The U.S. is down primarily driven to the AG offers generic business transactions we conducted on both Evista and Cymbalta which had an effect on our price per unit in a significant way during the year. So, I think that's more or less a one-time event for the U.S. market.
David Ricks: Yeah. As it relates to the amyloid positivity I should be clear, we test the primary number of subjects select for PET scan, some do receive, see themselves as well, but confirming positive amyloid we think is key to development in Alzheimer's. And we believe that because we do have data in house that shows that patients who don't have amyloid do not respond to an anti-amyloid treatment. And we also know from larger scale population studies, they also don’t progress at the same rate. So if they're in the placebo arm they're going to over-perform. So for all these reasons and just logic, we believe that's a critical element in Alzheimer's drug development.
Jan Lundberg: Okay. So the N3pG antibody is a plaque-specific antibody. And it's in Phase 1 studies, although it's actually done in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild or moderate Alzheimer's. The purpose of that study is actually to look at safety and have some pharmacodynamic markets, so effects primarily looking at imaging before and after treatment. And the planned completion of the trials are then second half this year.
Jan Lundberg: Yes, if we look at beta-secretase or base inhibitors, the current base inhibitors in the clinic affects both the base one and the base two enzyme and clearly for the Alzheimer indication and the thinking is it's the base one enzyme that is then cleaning the APP precursor. If we look at potential side effects, we experience then probably other companies as well off target effects with some initial base inhibitors, which we believe then underline some of the liver toxicity, which is not unheard of with small molecules. The more specific toxicology observations that we see is actually a deep pigmentation in some animals and the potential explanation for that is probably a base two effect. So this is something that also needs to be monitored in the clinic.
Jan Lundberg: Calcitonin gene related peptide or CGRP has been around for quite some time and has been and the mechanism has been studied both with small molecule oral agents as well and has more recently monoclonal antibodies. And the studies with oral agents I think showed quite positive data in acute migraine treatment relief of symptoms, but due to probably off target liver talks these agents could not be used for more chronic treatment. On the other hand, they were also tested in a variety of patients with other diseases and there were no real other side effects seen and this has been confirmed even more with the monoclonal antibodies, which have -- are very specific and we have not seen any side effects with these type of agents so far in our studies. And currently we are then in migraine in Phase 2 preparing for Phase 3 with more safety and dose ranging studies and we're also studying these agents for osteoarthritis, but we are very bullish on this mechanism and realising it is a competitive area with several other players, but we're doing our utmost to execute the trials in a very rapid fashion.
