Derica Rice: Sure. Jami, I'll take the Bydureon pricing question and the question also in terms of the gross margin. Jan, you may want to deal with the pharmacovigilance question. As it relates to Bydureon pricing, clearly at this stage, we're not in a position to disclose what our pricing strategy would be behind this brand before we've even launched it. But what I can say is we still feel very confident in the commercial prospects for Bydureon given the label that we would anticipate. As it relates to your gross margin question, regarding FX, it is all attributable to FX rate and in terms of our revised guidance of minus 2 percentage points to minus 3 percentage points decline.
Derica Rice: Tim, this is Derica. Our 2011 guidance does fully take into account the acquisition of the Janssen Animal Health asset, both top line, as well as bottom line. In regards to this development, we continue to be active in this space. But I think we've been also very clear about our intent. We're not in the market for large-scale M&A, but we are looking for opportunities to continue to enhance our business both from the standpoint of either finding molecules that complement our development pipeline portfolio or finding those product opportunities that we can bring in that bring sales and cash with it. And then, that's clearly what we also saw as we looked at the Janssen acquisition in terms of Animal Health, a way of bolstering our Animal Health business with Jeff can respond to further.
Derica Rice: Greg, we actually had -- we saw two types of activities that relates to wholesalers stocking and destocking in the first quarter. In the U.S., we did see a level of destocking on the part of wholesalers. And as best as we can tell, even at the retail level as well in the first quarter. So that destocking served to dampen our revenue growth in the U.S. in Q1. At the same time, given the disaster that we all witnessed in Japan, we saw a buy-in on the part of wholesalers or distributors there in the case of emergency. And that buy-in Japan was probably in the range of around $30 million to $35 million in the quarter. So it was -- of the 41% of Japan growth that we saw in the quarter, about 25% of that was related to this buy-in. As it relates to your third question around the Avid acquisition -- just a reminder to everyone, when we did the Avid acquisition, it was solely based upon the prospect of that compound itself. And our thesis behind that is that we saw an interesting therapeutic that could complement our portfolio. Clearly as that plays out, it gives us an opportunity to ponder other alternatives. But for right now, we're planning and progressing as though it's around Avid itself.
Derica Rice: Okay. David, I'll take your first and third questions. This is Derica. As I stated earlier, our guidance for 2011 does fully contemplate the Animal Health transaction. In regards to the long-term guidance or construct that we put out there in December of '09, David, I would see ourselves coming back to that at our June analyst meeting. I don't anticipate us giving any more color on that prior to our June meeting.
Derica Rice: Okay. John, in regards to China, as I stated -- well, actually there was a ton of interview this morning. Our China business grew 23% in the first quarter. And if you look at the diabetes opportunity, while today, we are clearly have a smaller share of market position versus our competition, we have taken decisive actions to improve our competitive position going forward. We've recently commissioned a new diabetes research facility and operation there. In addition to that, we are actually -- we commissioned also building a second manufacturing facility in China, which will be diabetes-related as well. And then thirdly, we've more than doubled the size of our commercial footprint. So we believe that we are -- positioned ourselves to take advantage of this significant opportunity in that marketplace. And we see ourselves with the opportunity to gain share. And part of the learning for that is also with what we've seen here in the U.S. So even in a market where you could say it's fairly saturated, in the U.S., we've seen a significant uptick in our diabetes share of market both on a NRx and a TRx if you look at the last year.
Derica Rice: Bert, this is Derica. Just to expound a little bit more on your question regarding Japan. If you recognize last year Japan crossed the $1.5 billion mark, so we surpassed the $1.5 billion. That's a business that we believe we can double the size of that business over the next four to five years. And you look at, as Ronika said, you got brands like Cymbalta, Zyprexa through '15 and Alimta, but you're also seeing the impact of the recent launch of FORTEO as well as the continued growth around Alimta, Humalog and Gemzar. So that gives you some idea of what we're expecting in terms of that countercyclical growth engine we've been talking about along with Emerging Markets, as well as Elanco that's helping to mute the impact of patent expirations like Gemzar in Q1 and later Zyprexa this year. And I'll still remind everyone that we -- top line grew 6%, 5% volume and that includes the impact of the generic erosion for Gemzar in the quarter.
Derica Rice: Sure. Catherine, this is Derica. I think you're aware of what the dollar impact of health care reform as it relates to revenue growth was in the first quarter, it was about $90 million. If you look at our guidance for the year, both for the revenue piece, which was, we believe, the health care reform impact will be in the range of $400 million to $500 million, that includes the impact of -- the anticipated impact of the doughnut hole. And then as you recall, the pharmaceutical excise fee will then impact us in the administrative OpEx line. And that's being to the tune of about $150 million to $200 million for the year.
Derica Rice: Okay. Mark, this is Derica. In regards to update our restructuring, as it relates to our $1 billion cost savings goal, we are very much on track to achieve that. In fact, I anticipate that we're going to exceed that goal, okay, for the year. And in addition to that, on the headcount front, we've talked about reducing our headcount excluding strategic acquisitions and strategic investments by about 5,500. We're about 75% of our way to that goal as well. So both of those we anticipate meeting by the end of the year, if not exceeding. As it relates to other additional insights, I think that we have instruments and tools like Six Sigma that we've been utilizing since 2004, where as we approach the end of the year of 2011, that's not going to be the end of our efforts to drive further efficiency gains throughout our business. We know that our patent challenges don't go away at the end of '11. So I think there'll be further opportunities. How much? I'm not prepared to define that for you guys here today. But recognize, we believe that we will have the capacity to make the investments necessary in our pipeline, as well as sustaining the dividend. And that was all predicated on us to achieve this year.
Derica Rice: And you had a question about Zyprexa and its impact on gross margin. So yes, when we lose Zyprexa and as we go throughout the year but more profoundly in the fourth quarter, when we lose the U.S., it will also have a detrimental or negative impact on our gross margin.
Derica Rice: Thanks, Phil. I first want to say thanks to all of you for joining us today. We very much appreciate your interest in our company. And we hope that you found the information we shared today about our products and our pipeline to be very helpful. Once again, just so far this year, in 2011, it's playing out as we anticipated. We're clearly making progress in advancing our pipeline, standing at nine Phase III molecule versus our goal of 10 by the end of this year. I think our solid financial results is evident. And we continue to see the countercyclical growth areas performing as we had anticipated as well as I talked about Japan, Animal Health and our Emerging Markets. These are the things that's going to allow us to be able to weather the impact of the patent erosions of products like Gemzar and Strattera going forward. So hopefully, you found this to be insightful. We look forward to seeing many of you at our investor meeting in New York City on June 30 and to our continued interaction throughout the year. Our IR team will be available to answer any questions that you guys may have at the conclusion of this call. I hope everyone has a great day. Take care.
Jan Lundberg: In relation to risk management for Bydureon, of course, we have safety very high on the agenda, and we know that there are certain special issues that have been discussed in the past. But in general, we have our safety surveillance that we need and particularly looking for if there are increase in pancreatitis, thyroid tumors, et cetera.
Jan Lundberg: In relation to solanezuma, our A-beta antibody then to stop progression of Alzheimer's disease, we would have an interim analysis this year in relation to utility and safety. The final data from the two Phase III trials are expected mid-2012. And then we will disclose the data at an appropriate event.
Jan Lundberg: Thank you. The whole schizophrenia area is in desperate need of some new agents than in addition to the currently used typical antipsychotics. So we are very interested in our mGlu2/3 agonist as an optional treatment for these patients. The study mentioned discharged the risk in relation to seizures as we see it in relation then to standard of care. It's known that patients with schizophrenia do have an increased risk of seizures, but our agents did not seem to have any more effects than standard of care. And we should remember there are some potential clear advantages with our mGlu2/3 agent, less risk for extrapyramidal symptoms and also it has a much better metabolic profile in relation then to a typical antipsychotics, even with a potential weight loss, not the weight gain.
Jan Lundberg: In relation to the timing of the futility analysis, we have decided not to comment exactly when this happened during this year. But what I can say is that the safety profile so far in these trials look better than for semagacestat, and they're actually less patients that have stopped the trial because of safety issues.
Jan Lundberg: Well, I think I have said what I want to say about solanezumab, but we now need to wait for the data.
Jan Lundberg: Yes, well, over my years, I've learned to speculate on timing for launch dates, it's one of the most difficult things we have. And we should also remember that the two NME launches per year from 2013 should potentially come both from internal and in-licensing or acquisitions. So those are three options. There are some programs with the right data that could deliver ahead of time. Potentially solanezumab could be one of them.
Jan Lundberg: Yes, we are very excited about our opportunities in rheumatoid arthritis and the autoimmune area in general. Having these three agents, it's actually an opportunity, not a problem. First of all, the oral JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor partnered with Incyte could be I think a very competitive agent in relation to Pfizer's recent Phase III agent which have received so much attention, tofacitinib, with a positive recent data. We are currently exploring them, the JAK1/JAK2 component Phase IIb in relation to dose safety and efficacy. Oral agents will be placed earlier most likely than in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, competing with methotrexate as a key initial agent. Our two biologicals, the anti-BAFF and IL-17 represents very novel agents with new mechanist to influence then the immune system; the BAFF against that B-cells and the IL-17 more as an inflammatory cytokine that is released. And both of these agents have positive Phase II data in rheumatoid arthritis, and they will be positioned then in patients that actually are failing to TNF. And we know that there is substantial proportion of patients, up to 50%, that don't respond well enough to TNF blockers. And even if you then can switch to another TNF agent, the efficacy goes away with time. So we see both the BAFF and the IL-17 as potential new treatment options in actually quite a large patient population that have been failing TNF agents.
Jan Lundberg: Okay. In relation to our DPP-4 inhibitor in linagliptin together with Boehringer, that was filed last year and we have no further comment, I think, on dates or potential advisory boards, et cetera. We see this agent as a very promising oral anti-diabetic compound that complements our offering to patients, making Lilly very broad, if not the broadest offering in the whole therapeutic area of diabetes across major pharma. We are quite enthusiastic about our CETP inhibitor, which now are in Phase II trials, in combination with statins. We based this on our Phase I data but also actually as a class the competitor molecules both from Merck and Roche, as you know are moving ahead with Phase III trials. We feel we have a competitive agent based on what we have seen so far, what area is then to avoid the problems that Pfizer had with the torcetrapib, mainly the increasing blood pressure. We have not seen this for our compound, and we are enthusiastically moving it forward, I think, we can say currently. Necitumumab, we are still pursuing this squamous non-small cell lung cancer indication in Phase III.
Jan Lundberg: Right. I appreciate your interest in solanezumab. It certainly could be a tremendous agent for patients with Alzheimer. The primary endpoint here is clearly reducing the disease progression, and we will look at mutation status as a secondary opportunity.
Phil Johnson: A couple of quick things as well, in terms of additional details on the potential label coming out of Europe and specific details on the pharmacovigilance plan, those are things we'll need to wait comment on until the EC provides its formal approval of the CHMP recommendation, which we expect to come hopefully in late June. And then in terms of pricing, do keep in mind that the DURATION-6 trial was against the 1.8 milligram dose of Victoza. Rough numbers in many of the European markets, it would appear that the 1.2 was launched at roughly parity to Byetta, which means that the 1.8 would be the substantial premium. So as we enter those discussions with pricing authorities in Europe, we'll be looking at the full raft of DURATION trials where we have very strong data against insulin glargine, against ACTOS, against Januvia and against Byetta, all of which have a price that's out in the marketplace. And then as you're mentioning, Jami, we'll also have the DURATION-6 data against the 1.8 milligram dose of Victoza that we'll enter into those discussions as well. So again, as Derica said, a very strong overall package.
Phil Johnson: Okay, great. Maybe Derica, you can comment on the '11 guidance and how that might be impacted by the Janssen acquisition. And maybe you and Jeff can comment respectively on the general and then Animal Health acquisition landscape. And then Jan and Ronika, maybe the solanezumab update would be great.
Phil Johnson: One of the thing I'd add, Tim, you see we had, in an effort to give you guys some more exposure to -- of operational heads of our various areas of the company, Enrique, on the call last quarter, Jeff this quarter. We'll likely have Jacques Tapiero, Head of our Emerging Markets area on next quarter. That is an area in Emerging Markets countries where on your question of M&A probably for the last 24 months or so, we've seen pricing very high frankly, and more likely you'll see things that are of the collaboration and licensing in the short term until those trends reverse in the Emerging Markets properties.
Phil Johnson: We'll have Derica take your first and third questions, Greg. Then we'll go ahead and handle the GLP question you asked as well.
Phil Johnson: Thanks, Jan. And lastly, Greg, on the U.S. piece just to put some numbers around what Derica had mentioned, each year we typically would end within the guidelines we have with the wholesaler, at the higher end of the days on hand, the wholesalers, the end of the calendar year, and we typically come down in Q1. That was the case both in 2010 and in 2011. However, the decline was a bit steeper in 2011 and that would have trimmed about 1 percentage point off of the U.S. growth rate.
Phil Johnson: Okay. Firstly, John I think we're going to have Jeff comment on your first question on the Animal Health and size of the Janssen business. And then maybe Derica on the China diabetes question. And then on to Jan.
Phil Johnson: And the generic erosion for Gemzar shaved about 3 percentage points nearly off of the worldwide growth rate for the quarter as well. So it's a pretty significant impact.
Phil Johnson: A couple of additional comments maybe, Catherine, the $90 million impact of U.S. health care reform on revenue this quarter, if you're looking at the impact on the growth rate, do recall that we had said approximately $60 million was the impact to revenue in Q1 of 2010. I think if you look in the Q, you'll actually find it was $62.4 million was the number. So it turned about 1 percentage point off of the U.S. revenue growth rate and about 0.5 percentage point off of our worldwide growth rate for the quarter. And then in terms of the doughnut hole, I think there may be different practices at the various companies. You may want to check on this. But essentially for the doughnut hole, we've done our best to try to model. We think will actually be occurring. In other words, the charge that we would have recognized in Q1 would assume that a whole host of people would not yet have hit the doughnut hole during this quarter. And if you look at the approximately $90 million for the year and compare it to $400 million to $500 million for the full year, you'll see that assumes a bump-up in Q2 through 4 compared to Q1. That bump-up is due to the higher expected charge that we'll be recognizing for the doughnut hole, as more seniors and Medicare hit that part of the benefit from U.S. health care reform.
Phil Johnson: Okay, Chris, I'll go ahead and try -- let me start with the mGlu2/3 first. We don't have with us the specific timing for the trial. The one thing I would highlight is Ronika had mentioned, the presentation earlier this year of the 6-month safety data. We'll have probably late this year, at the best maybe early next year, the opportunity to present the 12-month safety data from that trial. So that will sort of be the next major data readout that I would point you to for mGlu2/3. And then in terms of the gross margin percent dynamics. With the strengthening of foreign currencies here in the first quarter particularly of the euro, we would expect for the full year, we would have a substantial additional cost booked to cost of sales from this FX impact on international inventories sold. If you recall, there were some pretty different dynamics last year, quarter-by-quarter. Probably the best thing I can do is point you to Slide 17 in the supplemental portion of our slide deck for today, where at the bottom you'll see for each discreet quarter how much FX affected gross margin in those particular quarters for the year. At a high level, we had a modest benefit to cost of sales booked Q2 last year, a significant benefit to cost of sales booked in Q3, so at current rates, you have a very unfavorable compare to the Q3 number. And then actually we've flipped then to having a modest addition booked to cost of sales in the fourth quarter. Hope that helps.
Phil Johnson: Great. Thanks. Having exhausted the callers on the line, I'll go ahead and turn it over to Derica to close our call for today.
Jeffrey Simmons: Yes, Tim, I would say we've made four acquisitions in four years, Lilly has, and it's all playing around this countercyclical growth engine that was made in the comments. We will continue to be opportunistic. But it really has to drive three things: one is growth; strategically, it has to drive growth; diversity; and bring capability. And I would say all four acquisitions in the past have done that. That's what we'll continue to look for as we go forward. Although the organic growth that we see over the next two or three years in Animal Health is going to be significant with six new launches this year and more launches to come in 2012.
Jeffrey Simmons: Yes, so we have Janssen is represented in the Vetnosis, the actual independent animal health data that's tracked by this company. It represents $200 million this past year, $170 million the year before. I would note though that outside of the U.S., which is about $25 million, their distributor sales. So it represents a little bit level that's higher than what really Janssen and we will recognize. So that number is a little bit high. And then the actual margins would be very much average for the industry in Animal Health.
Jeffrey Simmons: Sure. Yes, so industry average is, if you look at kind of at a higher level what you have is usually in Animal Health lower SG&A, so lower sales and admin cost, higher manufacturing cost. So we're slightly off from the bottom line. So the industry average is somewhere on the margin line between 20% and 25%. So Janssen's on the lower end of that range, and we would be in that range as well. When you step back and look at the business though, I think why we're quite excited about going forward: First, Janssen does give us more of a global footprint, gives us more capability inside of Europe, as well as we've got a hundred pending registrations of different products across all the countries internationally. So it was a very European business we're going to take global. And then at kind of a macro level, how we're going to continue to see margin improvement and above industry growth rates in Elanco is just looking at the three big areas: in Animal Health, where there's higher margin; companion animals, we're at about 10%, the industry is at 40%; Europe, we're at about 10%, 11% exactly, and the industry is about 30%; and vaccines we're very small with our Pfizer acquisition and the industry is at about 25%. So we see tremendous upside at higher-margin areas in these three segments. So that's what gives us some -- a lot of optimism and growth as we go forward the next three to five years in Animal Health.
