Philip Johnson: Thank you, Derica. We would like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we do ask that you limit your questions to two or one two-part question. Now, Alan, if you can go ahead and provide the instructions for the Q&A session. We're ready for the first caller.
Philip Johnson: Okay. Seamus, thank you for the question. So Dave, we'll go to you for the first couple of questions on we'll be able to provide a definitive answer by mid-2018 on the strategy for Elanco going forward and your view on synergies with that business. And then over to Christi to talk about the rates we're seeing of VTE in our program with baricitinib.
Philip Johnson: Great. Vamil, thank you for the questions. Josh, we're going to road test you here. So if you like to comment a little bit if are there any BD transactions or placeholders built into that midterm guidance and any kind of qualitative comments you can give around where the Street may be missing something and/or confidence in those numbers, and then when we might give more details on 2020 or further out years in terms of midterm guidance.
Philip Johnson: Great. Enrique, I won't try to repeat. I think you heard those clearly. So we'll go to you for the...
Philip Johnson: So the first one was the percent initiating GLP-1 that have evidence of retinopathy. And the then the second one is that the percent of patients, diabetics in the U.S., that are actually being scanned currently to look for advanced retinopathy.
Enrique A. Conterno: Well, thank you for the question. And indeed, Trulicity is having a terrific year. It's a unique time when it comes to innovation in diabetes. Let me try to maybe frame some comments and provide some color as we think about Trulicity going forward. I will not provide an outlook for the product but some things to think about. The biggest opportunity for Trulicity is when we think about this class, and when we look at injectables, GLP-1 as a class still represent less than 30% of the basal insulin prescription. We see significant benefits when it comes to the GLP-1 class, so the opportunity for growth is very significant. Trulicity has an enviable position in this market by the benefit that it basically offers when it comes to the real-world efficacy of the product, of course the once-weekly dosing. And we have a single-dose pen that is ready to use and does not require basically managing or seeing the needle, which is so important for a patient that is transitioning, in many cases, from an oral medicine. Now, clearly, we do have competition, yes. But I think what we have to keep in mind too is that the competition is also going to help fuel the overall growth of the class. The class has very healthy growth and we expect that that's going to be a continued catalyst for Trulicity as we think about the growth of the class and the type of position that we have in the market. Our trends continue to be very solid for the product. Clearly, when it comes to sema, we'd like to see all of their data when it comes to SUSTAIN 7, but we feel good about the position that we basically have when we look at both the combination of our efficacy and the safety profile that our product offers. You asked about oral GLP-1s. That is an area of interest to us. We do see the innovation in the space as important, but we need to wait for all of their data to basically come out before I can make more comments. And then I believe that Mike is going to comment on Humalog.
Enrique A. Conterno: So there are a few things to consider when we basically compare and contrast the basal insulin situation vis-à-vis mealtime insulin, and when we enter, of course, with Basaglar and all of the learnings that we've got there and then hopefully we can apply those learnings in reverse in a certain way. So first, the basal insulin class was significantly more open at the time that Basaglar entered. So we had a number of different basal medicines in formularies, and that's relative to the mealtime insulin space where most formularies are really under exclusive status, and that leads to lower prices. So the situation today and the economics for the payers today are such that it was easier to create viable economics for the payer in the basal insulin space relative to where we are in the mealtime insulin space. Two is that in the case of Humalog, we have a full range of formulations, not just Humalog but Humalog mixtures. We have a concentrated mealtime insulin, Humalog U-200, and we recently even just launched the Humalog KwikPen Junior (sic) [Humalog Junior KwikPen] (41:41), which basically is the first half-unit pre-filled pen in the market. So we're excited by that offering and we do believe that our offering gives us some strength when it comes to a follow-on lispro just coming into the market. Of course, it's additional competition and we have to see when will they launch. It is likely that they have to resubmit, of course, to get final approval. And that's probably a question from a timing perspective for Sanofi.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. When it comes to the source of Trulicity growth, I think it's important to highlight that our strategy from the very beginning was not to focus on current GLP-1 users. So most of our strategy has been on additional adoption by specialists and then, really, the breadth in primary care. I believe the strategy has been highly successful, so the source of our business by a very significant amount. I don't have the actual figures with me but it's minimal whatever we get in terms of switching from other GLP-1s. We'd like for that to continue given the opportunity when it comes to patients on oral medicines that could benefit from better control. When it comes to retinopathy, the data for Trulicity I think is very clear. We do not have a signal when it comes to retinopathy. We have to see how a potential warning or how the labeling of retinopathy for semaglutide will basically readout. But clearly, we see significant advantages of GLP-1s in general, and we are counting on significant growth of this class as we think about Trulicity. I think that is probably one of the most important drivers of overall value for this asset.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So we are very pleased with the performance of Basaglar and the continued adoption of Basaglar as a key basal insulin. When we look at the quarter, I think there's nothing on the stock inside but there was $12 million worth of benefit related to changes of the estimates of rebates and discounts for prior periods.
Enrique A. Conterno: So Jardiance has pretty quickly become the new standard when it comes to initiating patients on an SGLT2 therapy. Our share now when it comes to new to brand prescriptions is now north of 50%, and the overall trends when it comes to volume or share I think are very strong. Of course, when we look at the class, we do see some dynamics related to the overall leader of the class. But as we think about the long-term opportunity for this product, we need to focus much more on Jardiance than on the class and the trend that basically Jardiance can continue to have. Clearly, the opportunity is enormous. Let's keep in mind that there are 160 million prescriptions written for oral medicines in the United States, and SGLT2s have only 10 million of those. And we are basically looking at a product that has an indication to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death for people with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease, which we believe is about 30% or so of the people with diabetes. So (58:26-58:37) the opportunity is enormous and we are thinking of that opportunity with that lens in mind. When it comes to 2018 and as we think about pricing and access, I think clearly the different pharmaceutical benefit managers have already announced their formularies, but we do see a continuation of the trends when it comes to pricing pressures in diabetes. There was one notable exception that we saw that we were surprised, and that was the exclusion of Jardiance from the CVS health formulary. We, of course, are very disappointed with this decision and we don't believe this is in the best interest of patients given the profile of Jardiance from a safety perspective and the label when it comes to cardiovascular and the fact that a competitor has a black box related to amputation. So we'll make our case with the physicians and with the patients. Thank you.
Enrique A. Conterno: So we are, in fact, excited about the opportunity brought by the convergence of both pharmaceuticals and technology to be able to create differentiated solutions and to be able to provide comfort. And I think for an area like diabetes, we think that this could be pretty revolutionary, so that's something that we have a high interest on. I'm not prepared to share too much more than that, but just to say that we are actively working on it.
Enrique A. Conterno: So excellent questions. Unfortunately, on the last question, not enough. There's really a nominal number of patients with diabetes that actually do get screening. When we look at a patient with diabetes, I don't have the specific numbers for GLP-1. But when we look generally for patients with diabetes, they're about 30% of patients with diabetes have some degree of retinopathy. If you were to look at the more serious retinopathy, which is vision threatening, we are looking probably at a number of 3% to 5%.
Michael J. Harrington: Thanks, Tim, for your question. The deadline under the Hatch-Waxman Act for Lilly to challenge Sanofi has expired and we have not filed suit to challenge their follow-on biosimilar. As you know, Tim, the Hatch-Waxman Act notice process provides an opportunity for a company to carefully assess whether a follow-on product infringes patents listed in the Orange Book for a particular product. The only remaining Orange Book-listed patent that we have, that is relevant to this discussion, protects our KwikPen delivery device, and we have thoroughly analyzed both the Sanofi device and our own device. Lilly's KwikPen is an innovative device that offers a number of advantages for patients. But for purposes of analyzing the patents, it's a fundamentally different device than the Sanofi pen that they intend to use with their follow-on lispro. We always vigorously defend our intellectual property, and we'll continue to do so aggressively, but we don't engage in litigation to enforce patents unless there is a factual and legal base to do so. And here, we didn't have a factual and legal basis to support litigation.
Michael J. Harrington: And Umer, I can confirm there is no settlement agreement in place between Lilly and Sanofi related to their follow-on lispro.
Michael J. Harrington: Alex, you're correct. We have no legal basis to preclude Sanofi from entering the market. And as Enrique described earlier, we will compete with them in the marketplace.
David A. Ricks: Great. Thanks, Dave. We haven't touched on the short-term operational things, and we may get other calls on that. I mean, it is true. We've had some challenges in the business this year. We don't look at the question of how we should position Elanco in the short-term; we think of it as long-term. And we've been, as you point out, asked this question for a long time; it's a natural one to ask. I think where we think we are now, why now, is over the last many years we've grown this business rather substantially through acquisition but also through our own organic actions, and we now have a global business that's highly competitive. It's a top-tier animal health business, amongst the top five globally, and we participate in all of the relevant segments of animal health. Most recently, combining BI's vaccine business in North America coupled with Novartis, and it's taken some work to fully operationalize and get those companies pulled together in a way that we think where this company is poised to compete effectively and really grow aggressively ahead. And so now is a good time having completed those acquisitions and scale the business to reflect on the best posture for Elanco Animal Health. And as we said today, we're exploring options. We expect to be able to get back to investors by mid-2018 with the results of our analysis. And the full range of options are in scope: keeping the business, IPO or spin, or perhaps some other combination that we might determine as the best way to maximize the value to Lilly shareholders. So we'll follow-up with you as that process progresses but we think this is a good time to step back and look at this question.
David A. Ricks: Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Jami. You used the DowElanco name. That's harkening back to the old days, so it's just Elanco now but appreciate the question. On the cost-cutting, so we announced this in early September. This has no relation to our belief about the revenue line, just to be clear. What we're looking at is looking beyond our long held out, this 2018 target of 15% operating expense as a percent of sales, and we've said for some time, qualitatively, that that was a stepping stone on a way to a more productive, higher operating margin company. These actions put us further down that road. That's how we're thinking of them, both to become more competitive with our operating margins but also to free up cash flow and operating spend capacity to invest in R&D. We see a number of late-stage projects that have read out positively more than we expected. They're now launching but we need to invest behind those with important new indications and other uses, like Verzenio in an adjuvant setting, like Olumiant in atopic dermatitis like we spoke about today. So that's what it's for. It's about our quest to become even stronger for the future. Nothing to do with our conviction on the 5% revenue growth, which I remind investors we did 9% again this quarter. And we continue to trend above that CAGR we committed to. And although we know 2018, we'll be facing some more generic events, we're very confident on the 5% by 2020. So with that, let me turn it over to Jeff on the Elanco operating margin story. We can compare that to Lilly afterward. And Derica can comment on the balance sheet.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Hi, Seamus, thanks for the questions. Of course, we came out today and said mid-2018 because that's where we believe we're going to hit, so that's our best estimate of being able to get back to investors, and we think that's ample time to evaluate the questions before us as we look at the options to maximize the value of this asset over the long-term. So that's our focus and I wouldn't wobble from that certainly today, day one. I think this is a business that has been – it does have some synergies with core Lilly but primarily is operating outside of the core business of Lilly. There is some back-office synergies we gain and, of course, we've talked through time about the R&D synergies. Although, as we look into that I think they are currently rather modest. One reason for that is the platforms used across animal health are different. We have a large vaccine portfolio that doesn't synergize with pharma R&D today. We have a feed additives assets that has really no synergy connecting to Lilly. On the companion side, therapeutics, that has some potential. But as we've looked at this, I think there's no reason to believe we couldn't maintain some of those synergies contractually if we had a different structure. So we are looking at all of this, and mid-year or next year is our deadline.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. So Elanco is a combination still possible in the sector. Obviously, animal health has had a lot of combinations. We've been a part of that. But to answer the question, you really have to look at the facts of the combination you might be looking at. So I guess, yes, it's possible but we need to look at the product mix that would be resulting in any combination and then determine the anti-trust risk. We do think that's an avenue but we'd have to look at the facts in each geography.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, John, for your question. If I have it correctly, what you're saying is as we think about the whole sector through time across all therapeutic areas, what underlying trends do we see that would affect the innovative pharma business and how does that affect our thinking about growth. I mean, I don't think we've ever been more bullish about the underlying science in the therapeutic areas we operate in, and that's good news for the pricing dynamics too. So just to put that together, where we see very competitive pricing dynamics are in relatively older categories with less differentiation and in more primary care versus specialty care. And the second one is really because primary care doctors are much more time-pressured in working through and building (01:05:26) in your office to deal with the various formulary for a broader set of products and specialists is a challenge for primary care doctors. Specialists have to set that up and work through it. So the anecdote for this long-term, which affects our strategy – I can't speak to the broader sector but we see where the investment is flowing, and I think it's consistent – is to continue to focus on creating more and more differentiated assets at launch, bigger effect sizes, more difference versus standard of care. I think we see an example in our recent launches with Trulicity who is going to a weekly from a daily or Taltz by getting 40% complete clearance versus what TNFs can do, which is somewhere in the mid-teens. That's the kind of medicines we need to be working on going forward, those that make a profound change versus the standard of care. And then investing through the life cycle so that you don't find yourself less differentiated as competitors continue to launch. Those are two dynamics that affect our thinking about the business. Now, coupled with specialty care, which is an underlying global trend, that there's more innovative opportunities in areas like immunology and oncology relative to other areas of scientific inquiry, and that happens to correlate highly with where reimbursement can happen a little more easily because the hurdles that are produced by the payer system, basically patients and providers are more willing to work through them for a more serious disease. I'm not saying that's a great answer for humanity long-term. I think we need to find a way to pay for and fund innovations in conditions like diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which are still some of the largest killers in the world. But that's just I think where both innovation is flowing and where our R&D dollars have. That affects our strategy and our thinking to continue to just stay ahead of. We'll be a price effect due to competition. The ultimate antidote is differentiation. In terms of patient, you're asking a very important question. We've seen in the U.S. the structural problem for many years of the pharmacy benefit having about 20% co-pay by patients out-of-pocket versus about 4%, 5% for services like hospital services. That really hasn't changed. What has changed is the number of patients who are exposed to very high deductibles, so there's both a cash flow issue during the year as well as just over all out-of-pocket increases, particularly for brand name drugs. Generic prices remain relatively low and penetration relatively high. We think an immediate step that should be taken in all segments is to pass through rebates to patients. This provides an immediate point-of-sale discount. I will share with you that that is something commercial payers are now offering in the 2018 cycle. We, ourselves, as an employer are evaluating that and we think that's a great step to ease out-of-pocket burden. We've advocated aggressively with CMS that that should be a policy at Part D, particularly for the donut hole. That's one solution to help seniors pay for their medications. And then I think long-term we need to ask I think a broader question which we can get at through value pricing mechanisms potentially which is to really ask are medicines a better way to deliver healthcare than other parts of the healthcare system. And if so, why do we ask patients to pay more for it? And I think that's a national debate we need to continue to engage in. Again, I think we're making great strides scientifically, but the system isn't well-equipped to help patients have affordable access to these eventually.
David A. Ricks: Maybe if I could just add to that. Just to be clear, we're not growing organically this year. The growth is the BI addition in companion and we described the food animal pressures. I think though we're not evaluating this business through the lens of 2017 performance. We're looking at the last 10 years and we've built a globally competitive animal health company with a nice pipeline, with good opportunities to improve margins, and grow at pace – and in some segments above industry pace. And as we look forward and do this analysis, we'll be looking, again, at those long-term trends in animal health. And because we're broadly positioned across many of these segments, and we do have innovation coming, we do expect forward trends to reflect those assumptions as we do the analysis. So this year, we've washed out some challenges. We've had some performance challenges. BI has helped us in terms of the stated growth rate, but we're looking at this decision-making through a much broader lens of time.
David A. Ricks: Yes, I would. Again, I want to recognize and thank both Maria Crowe who's been with us today for many years as well as Derica Rice for the last earnings call with us, the CFO, for a great performance through your careers and many contributions to our company. So thank you, again. We appreciate all of your participation on today's earnings call and your interest in our company. Through the first nine months of 2017, we generated solid revenue growth driven by volume of our new pharmaceutical products. And we continue to improve margins, leading to even faster income growth. We believe Lilly remains a compelling investment given the strength of our product portfolio, our top and bottom line growth prospects over the balance of a decade. Please follow-up with the IR team if we've not answered any questions on the call or if you have follow-up questions. That concludes the call today. Have a great day.
Christi Shaw: Yes. On the Forteo question, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Forteo, and the data continues to support how strong it is in the fracture prevention and treatment. And so as we look at Forteo in the future, we do have the same estimate as you do, which is the expiration of the patent being in 2019, and that's across U.S., major Europe, and Japan. Obviously, it is difficult to make Forteo; it's not easy. So that will really be the question mark, but our estimates are that 2019 is when we'll lose that intellectual property protection.
Christi Shaw: Yes. Andrew, so on Taltz, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Taltz, especially as we see patients with clear skin. And as you look at the dermatology office, defining our competitors, really is not the IL-17 versus the IL-17. What you see is really the TNFs really not reaching that clear status. And the more we have new agents like the IL-17s and the newer agents that are coming out, the more that we'll see the expectations of both physicians and patients increase. A couple of those details for you on what you're seeing in the numbers. If you look at the data, there's a couple of things. One is Cosentyx has added free goods to their NBRx data, so IMS tells us there's a lot of volatility in that data and it will take weeks or maybe even months for that to actually level out. So what we're looking at is actually the net sales. And if you look at net sales in the U.S., in the dermatology office, we are performing the same as Cosentyx was at the same period of time, which is pretty remarkable for a second entry into the market. And usually, if you got 80% that would be great. But for us to be able to do that, so we continue to feel very good about it. The other thing to note is we do see seasonality in the summer time. So as you look at it, specifically in the dermatology office with psoriasis, that's where you'll see the seasonality. You don't see that with psoriatic arthritis or ankylosing spondylitis, so that is another thing that's kind of clouding the numbers as you see the seasonality more affect our numbers because we're all in the derm office right now. And then as you look into the future, we're very excited to hear from the FDA by the end of the year, which is we continue to see the breadth and depth of prescribers continue to increase. We see our early adopters increasing their number of prescriptions. We see more physicians trying Taltz. With the psoriatic arthritis launch and our entry into the rheumatology office in December and January, given FDA approval, we should see another step level increase in Taltz. So we're very confident and continue to believe in the Taltz performance.
Christi Shaw: So I think it's important as we discuss the 4 milligrams of baricitinib to see, well, how is it doing, where we are commercializing the 4 milligrams. As we look at Europe, for example, specifically in Germany, the launch in Germany not only exceeds our internal expectations. But as you look at the five months in which it's been available, it has exceeded every rheumatoid arthritis launch in history, including Humira. So as we look at that uptake in the 4 milligrams is the majority of the use. And we see what the patients are seeing in coming back to their offices where they were debilitated. They've tried other agents and they've gone on baricitinib and, really, things like in Japan are now able to drive where they haven't been able to before. It's really life-changing. So as we look at the U.S. and our discussions with FDA and the ongoing conversations we continue to have, the 4 milligrams is imperative for these patients to get the benefit and the efficacy that they need to be able to go about their daily life. So it is still our strategy that we believe in the 4 milligrams. We're seeing it play out in the real world and we look forward to having the resubmission, and it is on track to happen before the end of January as we had mentioned in the past. And then after that, we'll have a six-month clock in which we'll get a read, but we're very optimistic.
Christi Shaw: Sure. In regards to thromboembolic events with baricitinib, we continue to monitor the real world evidence where we've launched commercially as well as accumulating data for our resubmission. As you know, the last time we submitted was January 2015, so we have much more data to resubmit. And everything that we've seen, we've seen nothing in our atopic dermatitis studies and everything is consistent, as we've said before, with normal background rates in the rheumatoid arthritis patient population. So no new news to report there.
Christi Shaw: So on the atopic dermatitis front, I think just to clarify, we've got a lot of questions on our Phase 2 data which I think is relevant for the question on what our Phase 3 study design looks like. So in our Phase 2 data readout, we were very pleased with the results. Unlike our competitors, one of the things that we looked at is what is the depth of efficacy that we could achieve. And what I mean by that is we actually took the very resistant patient to corticosteroids. So we took patients, for four weeks they were on a moderate dose of topical steroids, and those patients that responded were actually taken out of pre-randomization. So only those patients that were not responding to topical steroids were actually randomized to Phase 3. And so you had, first of all, resistant patients to steroids. But second of all, you had patients that had less disease severity, so the easy scores at baseline were around 20. Where you see our competitors who did the opposite used a washout period of four weeks where patients will have an increase disease activity, their easy scores actually started at 30 and 32. So being able to show the results that we did in that patient population really gives us a lot of confidence as we move to the Phase 3 studies, and we will study Phase 3 similar to what our competitors did now that we know the depth of the efficacy. So as we look at monotherapy, we look at various doses of the 1, 2 and 4 milligrams. We'll be looking at different dosing, lower and higher. We are very confident that we'll have a robust study with robust results.
Christi Shaw: Correct. So we have a press release that will be coming out soon. We have 33 different scientific releases on both baricitinib and Taltz at ACR. And baricitinib will be new analysis that we've seen on safety but no new surprises in a negative way. And we look forward to showing you those, and links to those will be within the press release.
Christi Shaw: So in terms of what the additional data will help us with, let me start with the background rates actually, if that's okay. Background rates in the rheumatoid arthritis patient population already are 0.3 to 0.8 per 100 patient years. So in the general rheumatoid arthritis patient, if they weren't on baricitinib, that would be the incidence that they report. And so when I say that our background rates are similar to that, our specific background rates during the development programs was 0.46 per 100 patient years. And so when I also say now since we've submitted in the real world evidence in atopic dermatitis and all of the data that we've accumulated, that background rate is still within the general rate of the rheumatoid arthritis patient. So hopefully that clarifies it. Our background rate is similar to what you'd see without using baricitinib in this patient population. The additional data I think as we discussed with FDA, you have your clinical trial program. We submitted it in January 15. Since then, when typically the FDA looks at approving a drug, they say is it safe and is it effective or is what does that balance. And now that we have real world evidence, when they look at that they're trying to protect patients. Now, that we have patients actually in the real world on baricitinib, why that is important is they can actually see in the real world when you're using baricitinib how does it really play out. And now that we've had over 5,000 patients with physicians using it in clinical practice, the way that someone normally would, not in a controlled environment, we believe that that gives even more confidence that our background rate matching rheumatoid arthritis in clinical trials as well as now in the in the real world evidence is consistent. And then as we look at atopic dermatitis, I think the thing that this confirms is if you look at the patient population of patients who actually had a thromboembolic event, each one of those patients had a high risk for those before they had a thromboembolic event. So in the atopic dermatitis trials, we see a much younger patient population, which is part of the reason we probably don't see any through the Phase 2 trials we've seen so far and why we wouldn't anticipate seeing that many or a difference as we move forward with the Phase 3 trials.
Jeffrey N. Simmons: Yeah. So Jami, just on our margin as we've shared pretty openly, as we've come to the integrations of Novartis as well as (35:10) and now BI, we've been hovering around 20% for the past two years. We feel good not only this assessment but our strategy going forward on our margin expansion opportunities, as we've been pretty open about. And we've got a pretty aggressive agenda. We announced two events this quarter that are a part of that agenda, that is well underway. And the first was our consolidation of our Larchwood, Iowa manufacturing facility into our Fort Dodge, the BI acquisition facility. As well as we're seeking options for rbST. The two big drivers that give us this current state is, no question, some of the forces in the lower sales and the other is product mix. And we're working aggressively not only to drive these margins closer, as we've said, to the 30% over time. That will not happen here in the short-term, but over time that'll happen by both the margin expansion productivity agenda as well as the innovation that drives our product mix change.
Jeffrey N. Simmons: Yeah. Greg, real quick, like, on animal health. I think I would just come back on Elanco just kind of to anchor back. We, again, grew 4% excluding FX. We did see strong growth in global poultry, and I think that overall sector is growing well. We grew 17%. And then, of course, the U.S. companion animal vaccine. The pressures really remain and I'll kind of separate them. One is all-around market access which is driven by the clean food kind of movement with antibiotics and productivity products. I think this is an industry issue depending on the product mix. And then I think competitive pressures that are coming from a combination, again, in food animal, that's a mix of economics of the industry as well as some generic pressure. So we saw that in U.S. cattle, both with beef and dairy. The companion animal parasiticide space, let me just highlight. As Dave mentioned, Trifexis was an issue where we lost some share. No question, I think everyone has seen increased spending. Innovation is getting rewarded so the new entrants have gained share. We still feel very good about companion animals and the parasiticide space in general given the size of our portfolio, existing portfolio in our heartworm platform as well as our pipeline. The market itself is still growing on the companion animal side and parasiticides. And then I think lastly is just the channel opportunities that are coming there. So, again, I think you've got some industry dynamics with cattle, beef, and dairy, and you've got some generic pressures a little bit there where there's lacking innovation on the food animal side. But overall, again, we see sectors like poultry, aqua, and even companion animals growing in the vaccine space. I think relative to atopic dermatitis, we're actively exploring several mechanisms here related to symptom treatment as well as interruption of disease process for the canine atopic dermatitis area. We're leveraging Lilly's experience here, no question, and we'll continue to advance some novel product concepts. Both large molecules and small molecule are being studied here, so it's an active platform in our pipeline and we're focused on this.
Jeffrey N. Simmons: Yeah. Alex, good question. Yes, we feel very good about our pipeline. Also, I think we launched a series of products last year and into this year that we're going to see growth on and then we'll talk more as we get near the end of the year in our guidance call and going into next year about additional launches. So it's not just the pipeline but I think existing launches that are occurring now and ones that are right on top of us. And then I think the last thing is we're shifting our mix into these faster-growing markets. So as I mentioned, the food animal vaccines, nutritional health, companion animals, and aqua. As our mix gets higher in those spaces, that'll also drive more additional growth.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, sure. Tony, with regard to the JUNIPER study which was abemaciclib in KRAS mutation-positive advanced lung cancer, we did not see an overall survival advantage. I should mention we did see though interesting singulation activity in progression-free survival and overall response rate. And this is the first study that has been prospectively looking at erlotinib in KRAS mutation-positive breast cancer. And without giving you full data, we did use historical control and had assumed basically I think about a 6.5-month overall survival with erlotinib. We saw higher than that. What we are continuing to progress though other studies in lung cancer, and we continue to be confident in those, particularly around rational combinations. We do believe, particularly with regards to KRAS mutation-positive lung cancer, which is really hard to treat, that rational combinations will be important and we've got a number of those ongoing, including IO combination with abemaciclib in combination with PI3K/mTOR, and also we've got a Phase 2 squamous lung study ongoing. In addition to that, we're looking at other tumors as well. So our lifecycle plan continues to look at progressing abemaciclib, Verzenio now, in breast cancer but also in other tumor types.
Susan Mahony: Sure. Well prexasertib we have in Phase 2 in ovarian cancer. We are specifically looking at developing this medicine, looking at biomarkers. So first, you look in ovarian cancer and then we will progress hopefully with a biomarker-driven registration study should the Phase 2 data warrant that. Merestinib, we are developing actually this medicine in biliary tract cancer. We have a study for both Cyramza and merestinib in biliary tract cancer. Depending on the data on the Phase 2 on that, we would progress one or either, potentially both, but probably one or either of those medicines in that indication. And PI3K/mTOR inhibitor, we're really developing that as a combination therapy and we have, as I mentioned earlier, a combination of PI3K/mTOR with abemaciclib.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. John, thanks for the question. Clearly it's early days. We've only been a few weeks out in the market with Verzenio but we are very pleased with what we're hearing so far and our progress to-date. We can't give you any quantitative data because of timing, but from a qualitative perspective we are seeing our milestones on access being achieved. We got the channel access ahead of plan just literally days after approval. We've seen hospitals and pharmacists stocking the product and actually patients being started. What we're trying to do is to ensure that access is as easy as possible for patients and also that the first experience that patients and physicians have with Verzenio is good. What we are hearing is that the differentiating factors for Verzenio are resonating. The single-agent activity is a differentiator for Verzenio. Also, the fact that we can continuously dose, we've been proactive. From a side effect and safety profile, people are very appreciative of that and are telling us that the diarrhea is manageable. We're providing loperamide and support around that and people are very appreciative of that and saying it's manageable. What we're hearing from physicians is that they see Kisqali in more like palbo and that we have some differentiating features that they think are important and clinically relevant. So I'm very interested in giving you an update as we get further down the launch of Verzenio in the U.S. Just on that, we've also submitted to Europe and Japan based on the MONARCH 2 and the MONARCH 3 data. The single-agent activity data will also be included in that package. And we have just recently announced that we've also got priority review for the MONARCH 3, so that's in combination with AI, which means that the FDA is looking at an 8-month review versus a 12-month. And that's, as a reminder, based on the interim data from the MONARCH 3, so we hope to have final data on that either at the end of this year or next year.
Susan Mahony: And Steve, mine will be a quick answer, too. I don't have any update. I think you need to go to ESMO for any update on 189.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. Geoff, with regards to Alimta. As you mentioned, we have been challenged by IO of taking the frontline setting over the past few months and we've been seeing a sort of steady decline. We are pleased to see that we have seen a flattening in the frontline share. We now have a 26% share of market in frontline. We've also seen an increase in the second line share as IOs move to frontline. And interestingly, as we're looking at the new to brand, we're seeing an increase in the uptake of Alimta with Keytruda in the frontline setting.
