Sue Mahony: Thank you Catherine. With regards to your first question about whether there’s has been agents in the cancer market, that has overall survival on PFS data without approval of priority review. I am not aware of any molecule in the cancer market that has had overall survival, and PFS data that hasn’t been approved or indeed have priority review. With regard to your question about the data for REGARD, for Ramucirumab, obviously we were very pleased to see the data, and we were pleased by the reaction that we had from investigators, and thought leaders in prescribing physicians, ASCO GI last week. I think specifically this is the first study to show both an overall survival and progression free survival advantage in a difficult to treat patient population, in a high unmet need. As a single agent and this was a single agent study for Ramucirumab. And in addition to that we saw a safety and side effect profile with again we we’re pleased to see with just 10.5% of patients coming off therapy because of the side effects in the ram arm, 6% in the placebo arm. So I think it is a balance between the efficacy that we saw and the safety that we saw in that trial, that we were presently pleased to see.
Sue Mahony: Yes, you are correct, we do have a CDK4/6 inhibitor in Phase II study. It’s currently being developed for relapsed and refractory (inaudible). And we expect this trial to conclude in 2014 and we are also planning on future trials with this molecule.Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay.
Sue Mahony: Thank your for the question. With regard to the data from the monotherapy study REGARD, just to – we emphasized why we believe that this is a study that we plan to submit to the authority this year. Again there is no approved agent in the second line setting in gastric cancer, and this is the first non-chemotherapy agent that will have shown both an overall survival and a progression free survival improvement. Now you mentioned the 1.4 months, we put that into perspective. The patients in the control arm with the medium of 3.8 months and that compared to 5.2 months for the Ramucirumab, with a hazard ratio that shows a reduced risk of death of 22% and this corresponds to increase in medium survival of 37%. Again with a safety profile were 10.5% of patients discontinued therapy due to adverse events in the random arm compared to 6% in the placebo arm and the most frequent grade three or moderate adverse event being hypertension 7.6% grade three in the random arm versus 2.6% grade in the placebo arm with no grade four severe hypertension. So we believe again with that, the balance of efficacy and safety in this very high unmet need with this no approved therapies, but this is a chart that we believe that we should submit, and plan to submit as quickly as possible. now obviously we cannot comment on how the regulatory authorities will view this data and we will continue to work with the regulatory authorities to ensure that we have a robust data packages possible to ensure approve this molecule as quickly as possible for patients.
Sue Mahony: All right, yeah. Thank you. We have initiated conversations with regulatory authorities, but I really can’t comment at this point on what those conversations have been or really anticipate or make any predictions about what the regulatory authorities will do with this data. And we made the decision to submit based on what we believe is the robustness of both this data and the stipulating activity that we’ve seen. With regard to preparation for launch, we have a history of oncology with deep oncology experience at Lilly and our objectives and plan will be to get this agent approved as quickly as possible and we will see to PET to launch accordingly.
Sue Mahony: Okay. With regards to your first question about the opportunity in gastric cancer, if we look globally, gastric cancer is the forth most common cancer in the world with nearly a million patient being diagnosed each year with gastric cancer, and about 700,000 deaths each year. Now it is more prevalent in Asian countries than it is in the Western world. And in the US, the incidence is about 20,000 Americans who we diagnosed with gastric cancer and about 10,000 death. So the larger population is in the Asia world, however again as I mentioned, the unmet need is great and there are no approved medicines in the US and there is no agreed standard of care in the US. With regards to the second…. Seamus Fernandez – Leerink Swann LLC: What are you learning with the possibility for ram in terms of how it may or may not compare with the last month safety and efficacy.
Sue Mahony: Yeah, Ramucirumab is an anti-angiogenic, but it works very differently to Avatin. Ramucirumab is selective to the VEGF 2 receptor and we see this as being a different mechanism of action. So we will continue to see data going forward. The hypothesis when we developed Ramucirumab would be – well that selectivity would generate both efficacy, and potentially both efficacy and safety benefit. Obviously we’ll continue to see more data over the next 12 months to 18 months with our trials, but we’re pleased to see the third trial lead out in monotherapy which is different and with the safety profile that we’ve see again looks very promising.
Sue Mahony: Sure, the Alimta question was around the method of use. Let me just comment on the fact to remind people that the court affirmed the validity of the compound patent last year, so we have Alimta patent in Europe through to 2017 and sorry – U.S. through 2017 and Europe through 2015. And with regard to the method of use patent which is the administration of (inaudible) and bitumen B trials. The court hearing will be held in the U.S. here in August. In Europe, the patent or a similar patent was challenged by the European Patent Office and a ruling was issued in Lilly’s favor in the first instant; this is being appealed, but we do not have any update on the timing of that appeal.
Sue Mahony: Yeah, one thing Jim I would add as well is in the animal health business, in large part due to the entry into and substantial success that we’ve had in the companion animal market, but also due to continuing productivity efforts within our food animal business, we’ve seen a substantial margin expansion over the last few years out of Elanco Animal Health. We have been running with margins on a pre-tax basis of roughly sort of high-teens and that’s now into the mid-20s with the factors that I just mentioned. We are very pleased with the performance that unit has generated and is poised to generate going forward.
Sue Mahony: Yeah. We have a number of products staying in Phase II into the oncology and patent. If we look across our pipeline, we’ve got a pretty robust and diverse pipeline of those small and large molecules. And I never like to pick some of the babies or preferred in any of these discussions, but as we indicate, what we’ve already mentioned and this is one that we intend to be pretty aggressive going forward on as a company and as a business unit. And we’re also excited by our JAK2 inhibitor and continue to progress that molecule. c-Met antibody is another one that you should be hearing more about as it’s tedious data. So, there are a large number of them. I’d mention a few back, we should be seeing more data on in the coming months and years and that we continue to look at to aggressively develop those molecules.
Sue Mahony: With regard to the breast cancer study, we should get data on the breast cancer study later this year. And we’re anticipating that we will see both progression free survival and hopefully a trend overall survival as well, we’ll be looking at both of those. We will make a decision to submit based on the overall data. I don’t think there is one point either on PFS or OS or, has the ratio that we will be looking for. We will be looking at the total efficacy and safety of this molecule to make a decision with regard to submission in the likelihood of approval. And we’re no more in that later this year. With regard to necitumumab, yes this is a new disclosure, BMS have exercised there right to terminate the agreement on the necitumumab. It’s a strategic decision that they’ve made. We remain very committed to necitumumab, in fact we see necitumumab as a key part of our lung cancer strategy with Alimta being those standard of care, and first line nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer with necitumumab being studied in squamous non-small cell lung cancer and ramucirumab being studied in second line lung cancer. So we see this as an important asset for strategically.Mark J. Schoenebaum – ISI Group Inc.: Great, thanks.
Jan M. Lundberg: In relation to our plans with solanezumab outside U.S., we are in preliminary discussions with a number of regulators, but it’s too early to comment it, there could be different actions being taken in different geographies, but the systems are somewhat different compared to the FDA.Tim Anderson – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division:  Great.
Jan M. Lundberg: The duration of Alzheimer trials, it’s the key topic for our future discussions here regarding various agents. Currently solanezumab was tested for 18 months are there we were actually able to see reduction in cognitive decline. So I think that tells that 18 month could be enough providing that we chose the population of mild Alzheimer's disease. The specific PRO-based needs to be determined after we have the full Phase 2 data and discussions that regulates this. The toxicity of monomers for Ab1-42 is there and sola data suggests that if you influence the free monomers you actually have a beneficial effect on cognition in the Alzheimer’s disease patients.
Jan M. Lundberg: See the key mechanism is very different compared to the recently reported Merck data and with our CETP inhibitor, we can really maximize the elevation of HDL more than 100% and in addition we have a LDL lowering. And genetic data also support that if you have certain mutations of the CETP, you can actually have a protection of cardiovascular risk. 
Philip Johnson: Okay. Thank you, Sue. thanks Tony. Julie, next caller please. Operator Thank you. Greg Gilbert from Bank of America, please go ahead.Gregory B. Gilbert – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Sure. A couple of more on ramucirumab 2, you guys have had the data for some time and you’ve been talking to the regulators for some time. so can you share with us what piece of info or conversation guidance that you would actually submit? And secondly, Sue, how quickly could the organization be ready to launch and can you put some context around that organization and how nimble it is, and what would we like to launch a new product in the current configuration? Thanks.
Philip Johnson: Thank you, Michael. this is Phil, so on the CETP, I need to follow-up since in the room here we don’t have the specific answer to your question, and then Derica and or Travis you want to comment on the European price that would be great.
Philip Johnson: Greg, if you want little more detail on that. I mean as Derica mentioned, just third-party and government rebate accruals.Gregory B. Gilbert – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Derica W. Rice: In regards to our animal health business, obviously we know that there is a lot of interest in Pfizer spin out there but in regards to Lilly, we have no intention to divesting of our animal health business. We’ve been quiet pleased with it. As you heard earlier, in the fourth quarter, our animal health business grew about 18% and for the year, it grew about 21% and this is the business that we actually anticipate will double over this period, we call it YZ. And so we have got great returns from that business and great benefit for Lilly. We also have received significant synergies between our animal health business as well as with our human pharma business, both in terms of innovation. Most of our human, before testing a human we run our molecules through animal model. And so that provide you a lot of leverage to our animal health. And then in addition to that, we also give leverage through and synergies through our manufacturing and corporate overhead base. So for now, we are very pleased with our animal health business and we see this being a long main stay in terms of our portfolio mix.
Derica W. Rice: Sure, Michael in terms of the EU, you did see that we had showed a 1% price increase in the fourth quarter of 2012 that is not the typical pricing pattern that we would see. We did have some adjustments made through prior accruals in the fourth quarter, if you were to exclude those you would see the usual 1% to 2% price decline, which is more typical what we would see in Europe.
Derica W. Rice: In regards to the U.S. exchange is that, just given that at early stages of development, it’s very difficult to speculate at this time, what the pricing environment will be as a result of those. I think once if and when they come online, and we get more insights, will be more than willing to share that. But at this stage, we’re really not in a position to speculate.
Derica W. Rice: Again, many of those organizations are still under development. If you were to talk to our managed care group in our U.S. business, what they would tell you that one of the changes we are seeing is that innovation has become more important than ever. And your ability or our ability to clinically differentiate our molecules is going to be the biggest determinant of us achieving both formulary access as well as pricing flexibility especially if you’re pursuing or speaking anything similar, to what we’ve experienced previously. In the absence of that, then you’re more likely to experience more commodity like behavior and we’ve seen a little bit of that on the insulin side here recently. so, when we look at our portfolio of late stage product, those 13 assets that we have in Phase III development, we feel very good about the clinical differentiation that we’ve seen in that data that we’ve shared externally, and what we’ve seen internally, and that’s’ why when we talked about ram here today. The fact that there is no agent currently approved in the U.S. or the EU, no single-agent approved for second-line gastric. So if we’re able to, with that data like that, we feel very good about not only getting through the regulatory hurdle, but also achieving formulary access and refill pricing environment.
Derica W. Rice: There was nothing in particular other than just of looking at prior period accruals, and having to adjust those along the way based upon new information.Gregory B. Gilbert – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Derica W. Rice: Very good, well, thank you very much for dialing in and listening to the call today and the participation in the Q&A session. Obviously, I had a very strong finish to 2012, that positions us well heading into ‘13 and ‘14, and definitely a lot on our plate in terms of data readouts this year that should provide you quite a bit of information on how to return to growth in that post ‘14 period. We look forward to the future interactions and keeping up to date on our progress. Hope you have a great day. Take care.
