Susan Mahony: Thank you, Levi. In addition to the opportunities in our pipeline and our strong research capability, we will actively look to the external market to help us bring the best innovation to patients. Over the last few years we've undertaken a number of clinical partnerships and preclinical collaborations to build on our IO capability. Moving forward, you will see us being more aggressive on the business development front, especially regarding early phase and pre-clinical assets. Specifically we will actively pursue assets that can combine rationally with our existing products, serve as new potential foundational agents and enable new IO breakthroughs. The good news is that there is a lot of external innovation in oncology and we intend to be much more active in this space to ensure we have a competitive pipeline going forward. So to conclude, we already have a solid base to build upon with Alimta hopefully enjoying exclusivity in the US after 2022 and in Europe and Japan after 2021. And with Erbitux, Cyramza, Lartruvo and soon abemaciclib is approved. By rigorously employing the framework that Levi described earlier, we'll focus on innovation that can deliver meaningful improvements in survival with a balance toward first-in-class and best-in-class assets. We'll maintain a competitive pipeline by accessing more external innovation, particularly at earlier stages of clinical development. We'll focus only on assets that meet the high bar that we've described and move quickly to capitalize on promising early data. And finally, we'll invest more heavily behind the bets we do make to drive robust life cycle plans that maximize the value that patients and investors can derive from our innovation. So again, we have a strong base to build from, but we need to and we will make changes to be more competitive and to deliver innovation that is highly valued by patients and physicians. This is a time of unprecedented growth and opportunity in oncology and it's an exciting time to be at Lilly where we have an opportunity to make major impacts on the lives of patients that suffer from the most deadly cancers. Levi and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have during the Q&A session. But now I'll turn the call over to Derica for a review of our overall corporate pipeline, progress on our potential key events and an update on our financial guidance for 2017.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, Tim, thanks very much. Yeah. Well firstly, on abema we're delighted that we have the priority review for MONARCH 1 and MONARCH 2, and we anticipate getting action on those Q1 of next year. With regards to MONARCH 3, we're presenting it at ESMO. I think we've been pretty clear all the way through, Tim, that we do believe that we've got a differentiated medicine here and one that potentially could be best-in-class. We've got to look across all of the data to assess that across the different clinical data, looking at PFS response rate, et cetera, and across different trials, and we've now got the MONARCH 1 data that shows single agent activity. The MONARCH 2 data, which was in an endocrine-resistant patient population, a very homogenous patient population where we, to the best of our knowledge, have seen the highest PFS in any trial today in that population, and of course, we'll see the MONARCH 3 later this year. So we continue to be very excited by this molecule. But I would continue to encourage you to look across all the data and all the trials as we assess this medicine. With regards to the Alimta IPR, we are now anticipating that we should get a reading on the IPR by the end of this year. That's the latest that we know, okay? And if we know any more, we'll let you know, but that's our understanding.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. With regard to Alimta, well, we've seen a steady decline in Alimta's share of market over the year or so, really due to IL competition, as well as some of the targeted agents like the ALK inhibitors. So this has been pretty consistent and we've seen that. So we do have a decline over last year, although we did see an increase Q2 versus Q1. We think that's mainly buying patterns. The KEYNOTE-021 G data clearly is important and we're delighted that the NCCN has now listed that as a Category 2A, so we do believe that we will see a use there, although it's too early to say how much use at this point. And it's also important to note that with the combination with Alimta it's probably going to be used in the PD-L1 low patient population of which Alimta has got about a 50% market share there. So although we believe that we will see use, we don't anticipate that we're going to drive growth of Alimta through this.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, with regards to KEYNOTE-189, remember this is outcomes-driven, so it will depend on outcomes, but our expectation is we could have a top line press release later this year, maybe early next year, with data being presented next year.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you, Derica. We would like to take as many questions as possible from the callers on the line, so we do ask that you limit your questions to two or to one two-part question. John, if you can please provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and then we're ready for the first caller.
Philip Johnson: Your question, Dave for the first general question on the situation with FDA and then, Christi, to you for the second question on psoriatic arthritis.
Philip Johnson: Thank you, Enrique, and Tony, and your question, when we resubmit our anticipation would be that the FDA would need to declare that a type 1 or type 2 resubmission and you would have I believe something like a 3 or 6 month timeframe then for them to have a PDUFA date and provide their answer to the resubmission.
Christi Shaw: Thank you very much for the question. As you probably saw in the press release this morning, we remain very disappointed, especially for the many rheumatoid arthritis patients in the United States who don't have access to bari in spite of its access in other countries and regions. In terms of the clinical trial and how long that will take, we know that in exploring all of our options, the minimum amount for resubmission will be 18 months. We don't yet have clarity with the FDA. That will be discussions we have with them, exactly what kind of trial will help define better the benefit-risk profile of baricitinib. But we are committed to a path forward working with the FDA on that. And I'll summarize by saying in the end, all of these patients who are living with rheumatoid arthritis in spite of all of the great treatments that are available continue to suffer, and Americans deserve access to this treatment and we will continue to pursue not only rheumatoid arthritis but other indications with bari.
Christi Shaw: Sure. Thank you for the question, Seamus. We are pursuing other indications and continue our studies in atopic dermatitis as well as lupus, and we're also going to begin the psoriatic arthritis trial next year. In specific terms of atopic dermatitis, the Phase 2 data you will see presented at a scientific forum before the end of the year. And then in terms of DBT and PE, yeah, there was one placebo-controlled trial in the RA study that showed an imbalance of DBT versus placebo. The overall rate, if you look at the multiple Phase 3 trial, in 3,000 patients, the overall rate of DBT on patients treated with baricitinib was the same as what is published in patients on the overall background rate in rheumatoid arthritis in general. So hopefully that answers your question and gives you a rationale as to why we disagree with the FDA, and why we feel very positive about pursuing other indications with baricitinib and continuing to find a path forward in RA with the FDA.
Christi Shaw: Hi, Umer. Yes, we're still very excited about Taltz and what we're seeing in the marketplace that the study is translating into the real world, we're seeing fast response, clear response and we think we've set a pretty high bar if you look at the NBRx growth. With the IL-23s coming to market however, we do believe it's an opportunity for patients to raise the bar on their own expectations so that the market will actually grow for the newer agents which will help all of the new agents that have higher efficacy, especially if you look at the head-to-head trials. So we expect to see the market of the newer agents grow and we're very excited. As you know, we talked at our last earnings call that we submitted for psoriatic arthritis for Taltz and we expect to hear back by the end of the year on our submission.
Christi Shaw: Yes. And on the question on psoriatic arthritis, based on the fact it's the same division reviewing RA and psoriatic arthritis, we felt it was prudent for us to take a pause, ensuring that we incorporated feedback from the FDA so that as we pursued the indication we knew that we were aligned. And so that's what we've done, and that's why now we're telling you that we are going to push the go button. And in 2018, we'll be pursuing that trial for bari in psoriatic arthritis.
Christi Shaw: Yes. So the psoriatic arthritis trial was the only trial that we've paused. We've had good conversations with the derm division at FDA. Atopic dermatitis and lupus have not been paused. They are continuing as planned. And as I said before, we expect data to be released at a scientific session before the end of the year on atopic derm, and we expect data on SLE either later this year or beginning of next year.
Christi Shaw: So we're very excited, first of all, about galcanezumab. If you think about patients losing up to 50 days of their life every year and being able to cut that in half, it's just an amazing proposition. We do know we're not going to be the only product on the market, and we'll have a lot of competition but I think we have a couple of things. One, I don't – we don't see any other CGRP data that's better than our own. We look at the data and see that if you look at the response rates, about 60% of patients respond, have a greater than 50% response rate, 33% at greater than 75% response rate, and about 12% or 1 in 8 patients will have 100% response rate. So we feel like we have a very strong efficacy profile, couple that with a really good benefit risk ratio. So that's number one on galcanezumab. On the contracting piece, the great thing that we have at Lilly is a background in neuroscience, and we have a pain platform. It's not just galcanezumab, but as we go to payers soon after galcanezumab we'll be looking at lasmiditan, which already completed one Phase 3 study. The next Phase 3 study will be completed by the end of the year. And then follow that a little bit further with our partnership with Pfizer on tanezumab, we're looking at really putting a dent in the opioid crisis in the United States. And as we look at the entire platform, we feel pretty confident with our discussion – going into discussions with payers in the U.S.
Christi Shaw: An easy answer for me, in regards to Taltz there. No – nothing unusual. We're really happy in fact to see that the volume and the demand is the reason for the uptake.
Enrique A. Conterno: Chris, so we do have, as you're aware, good access when we look across our brands, and we have a strong performance which helps our competitive position as we look at 2018. The negotiations at this stage are not finalized. It would be premature for me to comment.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So as we've noted during previous earning calls, we expect some volatility around our U.S. Humalog sales. We expect that to continue, given that we make estimates on rebates and discounts at the end of each quarter. We do not learn about the actual utilization until later periods. Now maybe the best way to characterize Humalog is to basically try to look at the underlying performance and try to normalize it for some of these changes that are related to prior periods. When we normalize Humalog, Humalog sales are declining about 5%. There is growth in the low single-digit when it comes to volume, but pricing is basically declining in the mid to high single-digits. Now, why is price declining if we continue to see pressure when it comes to increased rebates? Also, we basically see a continued shift towards a mix of the segments where the higher rebated segments are basically growing faster, i.e., Medicaid to point one example. In the case of Humulin, I think the situation is a bit different. So we grew in the U.S. Humulin 11%. I think we need to keep in mind that when it comes to Humulin now, 60% of our revenue in Humulin is really – almost 60% is coming from U-500 and only the rest from U-100. They have very different trends. U-100 is declining while U-500 is basically increasing right now revenue at about 20%. So different dynamics there and that's why I think is you're seeing the reported results. Thanks.
Enrique A. Conterno: So, Jami, when it comes to SUSTAIN-7, of course we have to wait for the result, but based on some of the modeling that we've done, what are we expecting, which I think is your question. One is, we expect that they're going to show a difference when it comes to weight, and we believe that they're going to show a small difference when it comes to hemoglobin A1c. Clearly, we need to weigh all of that against any label that they may receive, and that is up to the regulators. But as you are likely aware, as part of SUSTAIN-6, semagluta showed a signal when it comes to (01:08:27). And the specifics of how was that defined is whether it's blindness, hemorrhaging, ocular injections and so forth. So, clearly we need to wait for the totality of the data and further discussions that Novartis will have with the FDA. We view this as an important competitor to us and we are very much prepared to continue to grow Trulicity going forward.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yeah. The main impact here when we look at the meal-time insulin class is really related to pricing. Now we do have, when we look at the growth rates of that class, the growth rates have come down, the class is still growing but it's growing less than it was growing two, three years ago and clearly this is part of basically increased utilization of both SGLT-2s and GLP-1s.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So, it's really dangerous to speculate when it comes to how different trials are going to read out. We do have, I think, a very good experience when conducting cardiovascular trials in the diabetes space. I think Lilly probably has designed and conducted more trials than anybody else in this space, either by ourselves or with some of our partners. So, we feel confident that we've designed the trial in the right way, as we are awaiting on the results clearly. When you look at the different GLP-1s, I would say that not all GLP-1s are comparable, so we continue to like our chances. When it comes to your question on inventory for Trulicity, nothing material when it comes to inventory. We had some favorability related to changes in the estimates for revision (01:26:00) and discounts may be in the neighborhood of about $15 million out of a $380 million base, in the case of U.S. revenue. And as far as AWARD-10, we should be disclosing that at an upcoming medical conference.
Derica W. Rice: Thanks for your question, Seamus, and for your comment. In regards to our margin goals, as we stated, 50% was the goal for 2018. We think we'll go beyond that as we think about the remainder of the decade and beyond. In regards to how we get there, it's both. It is attributed to us driving a strong revenue growth profile that you've seen here for the first six months of the year – 8% in Q2 alone. But it also is contingent on us continuing to drive a very deliberate productivity and cost containment agenda inside Lilly. So when you look at our margin, if you look at just gross margin, you see the over 90 basis points of improvement, that was a combination of prices but also manufacturing efficiencies, and we saw that in Q1. And if you look at our OpEx, we improved our OpEx ratio by over 390 basis points alone in just the Q2. So you will continue to see us executing on both profiles, launching with excellence, but then, yes, also driving a very deliberate cost containment and productivity agenda inside Lilly going forward.
Derica W. Rice: Jeff, the simple answer is yes, it is in, but on a probable-ized basis, as we do with the majority of our late-stage portfolio assets.
Derica W. Rice: Dave, it's solely attributable to the FX effect on inventories sold, and given the late movement that we've seen recently, this is what we anticipate. Underlying that, we continue to see very good operating performance of our manufacturing operations, and recall in the slide deck we provided you all and the supplemental in this call is slide 34, we always provide a look at our gross margin both with and without the FX effect.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, John. On the pricing debate in the U.S., of course, the battle will never be over. I think we need to continue to explain the value proposition we offer and defend the business model. But I agree with you. We have staved off, I think, some of the worst ideas and continue to remain focused in Washington and the states on advocating for strategies that can actually bring down out-of-pocket cost for consumers. As you point out, we published earlier this year that 50% of our list price is discounted on average, and patients rarely receive any of that benefit at the pharmacy counter. One big lever we've advocated for aggressively along with our pharma colleagues is through the Part D program, passing through rebates in the donut hole in some form. That's still on the table. In commercial plans, we do see growing interest in the same idea from large employers, and if you look at the absolute inflation rate of net pricing in medications versus the out-of-pocket cost for patients, they're not close. Patient out-of-pocket costs are accelerating rapidly. Finally, I'd say we've been a leader in prodding the system, if you would, through programs that work outside of insurance both through Express Scripts in this case, but I see other PBMs active in the space providing a discount program that works outside the insurance system and provides PBM-like rebates directly to patients. We've done this in our insulin business with both Blink Health and more recently with the direct ESI program. We'll continue to do that to point out that net pricing is not something patients enjoy, but I don't expect this to go away overnight and we'll remain focused on it, John, to reduce the long-term risk to the business.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. Just to – not commenting specifically on the PARP inhibitor idea, and maybe Levi if I could just chime in on that, but the frame we have on M&A and business development isn't necessarily limited by size but rather by logic, which is we're interested in things that add to our portfolio where we can create new value for patients in the health care system, maybe through combinations or through individual assets. We're not interested in business combinations that create a short term cost synergy. We've said in the past that those would include small and mid-sized M&A and so in that regard, I guess your question is would we rule out M&A, small and mid-sized? No, we wouldn't if it made sense on the first basis, which is adding to our portfolio in a way that creates new value for the health care system.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Obviously, as Christi said and we noted in our remarks, we're disappointed with the outcome. I think we do have clarity on what the FDA's point of view is. It's just not our point of view and therein lies the difference. Now they're the regulator. We need to engage with them and find the best path forward. Considering time but also label quality for baricitinib and RA. The resolution of this, to me, there's a variety of tools available to us. One of those is to do new clinical work as we indicated that the FDA has requested we do that. That's something certainly we're scoping and looking at now. In addition, all of the original for FDA studies we did in the Phase 3 program continue and so we continue to pile up events, albeit on a baricitinib-only basis to compare to background rates, et cetera, and I think that's important. And then launching in Europe and Japan will quickly eclipse the number of patients treated in clinical trials with those treated in the real world and I think that's also an important set of data to help us work through what is the safety issue of low incidence, which I think Seamus asked about earlier, how do you resolve that. It's going to be a combination of those levers coupled with other tools we can use, whether it be labeling or otherwise to work through this FDA situation. We're trying to give investors a reasonable expectation as to the timeline for resubmission and then approval because we know that was a big open question. That all said, and as Christi said, we're highly committed to the asset. We've got a long IP runway. We think JAK inhibitors are a profound improvement for patients, in particular baricitinib, given its unique profile in early RA especially and we aim to get it there, along with other NILEXes which we could pursue, like atopic derm, SLE, et cetera. So it's definitely disappointing, but we're committed to move forward, and we have a variety of tools to advance this one.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, Jami. The bottom line is we're a long way from anything like that point that you're highlighting for a couple of reasons. I think, first, rheumatoid arthritis remains both a large unmet need and the largest category in the autoinflammatory space. Baricitinib has proven profound benefit, best-in-class. We of course did the Humira head-to-head and methotrexate head-to-head, and so what we need to do is put behind us the sunk cost of this and just go forward and see how competitive is the next investment given the opportunity we have in that space and the unmet need available? We feel very strongly that that's positive, and we're going to be pushing forward. The IP runway, as I mentioned, is very long – probably through the end of the next decade. And the way the market works, as you're pointing out, is it's dense with competition. A breadth of indication strategy is probably important for any JAK inhibitor, and without RA in that mix, it probably affects the competitiveness of all of the indications. So right now we're focused on getting to the next step. We're confident we're going to get through this with the FDA. And Christi can comment on the other indications, but we're moving ahead. And of course remember, the OUS environment for baricitinib is very positive. We have a great label in Europe and Japan. Those TNF markets are also very large, and we're focused on executing the launches in those spaces. And they'll need additional indications as well.
David A. Ricks: Yes. Gregg, I think this question has come up before and I'll say the same thing which is in any case we need to constantly review our portfolio. We need to make sure all of our assets, we have a basis for holding and driving incremental value versus what anyone else can do and animal health is no different from that. Right now, as Jeff indicated in his answer in terms of the performance issues, and in my early days here, we've been very focused on operational improvements that we've put together a number of companies including Novartis combination. And in my experience, and also I think in our real experience, it takes some effort and work to get to true operational effectiveness after that kind of combination. We also have some environmental headwinds we need to reposition against. Jeff outlined a response to those. So that's really our focus right now. But your question is a good one. We'll constantly be asking ourselves that question and of course if we have a new thought about that, we'll come back to the investment community.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. So, I guess your broad question on BD, with any transaction, oncology is no different, we're going to look at several factors, of course, how it fits within our strategy both clinically and business-wise, the portfolio and the opportunity to combine it with other things is of course very important to oncology. And then – so that depends on the assets we're holding. And then of course we look at the valuation that we need to – any transaction needs to produce returns well above our cost of capital on a risk-adjusted basis. So when we go through all those filters, it does diminish the field of available targets. And we also, at Lilly, I think we're pretty flexible. We're not – we don't have to own things outright. I think we're happy to share risk, et cetera, and oncology is no different from that. Relative attractiveness is an interesting question. I would say in recent times we've seen the price points for oncology, particularly post PoC, are very challenging to get to a number. Our strategy, as communicated today by Sue and Levi, is to really open up that field and look at earlier projects, maybe take a little more risk, trading in front of the proof of concept, but making scientific judgments and then seeing those bear out. In that way we could probably do more transactions that might be smaller, and if we make the right judgments, have that pay off for our shareholders. Relative to other areas, oncology has a lot of targets. But I would say relatively the pricing is on the higher end. We like immunology a lot. There's also a lot of targets there and pricing, while creeping up, is still good. You saw the deal yesterday on the Nektar transaction, which we thought was an exceptional financial transaction and fits our strategy and is a compelling clinical asset. And then in other fields, like KeyBioscience, Jan was just talking about the DACRA platform, there are opportunities. So across our five TAs, oncology included, we look at everything, and we are disciplined on our financial analysis, but also strategy and clinical value.
David A. Ricks: Sure. Thanks, Dave. Probably, we spend a long time talking about what's happening in Washington but I'll try to be brief. Look, we've responded to the concerns as an industry and as a company, I think, pretty well, in terms of putting pro-actively aligned ideas from across the industry on the table that can leverage the power of the marketplace and competition to help consumers with their out-of-pocket costs. We talked about some of these through time, whether it be rebate pass-through and the donut hole, outcomes-based pricing, FDA speeding up the backlog of generic approvals and the like. So we put all that on the table. I think everybody, in any position of authority knows about the aligned pharma agenda. We do expect an executive order. They keep saying, soon. I would say in the second half you should expect that. We hope that it includes many of the ideas we put forward. My personal view is that won't end the discussion about drug pricing. I think we saw even yesterday, Democrats put this as a prominent feature in their "Better Way" paper, and we have a number of budgetary votes coming up in the fall that may include pay-forwards that include the drug industry. So we need to be – continue to be on our game. I think we've got a good team at pharma now, I think Lilly's doing our part within that, and the industry's on top of its game here. But there is still quite a bit of risk in the environment. I wouldn't want anyone to think otherwise.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. Thanks, Phil. We appreciate your participation in today's call, and your interest in our company. Driven by the new pharmaceutical products through the first half of 2017, we're generating solid revenue growth, and we continue to improve our margins, leading to even faster income growth. We believe that Lilly's stock is a compelling investment given the diversity of our product portfolio and our top and bottom line growth prospects over the balance of the decade. We hope that the update shared by Sue and Levi on our oncology R&D strategy provides you with greater clarity on how we intend to up our game in this really important therapy area, to deliver new medicines that can redefine expectations for cancer patients. I look forward to your continued interactions, and keeping you informed of our progress. Please follow up with our IR team if you have questions we have not addressed on today's call. Thanks and have a great day.
Levi Garraway: Well, thanks for the question. So as you point out, one of the most exciting areas of oncology has been just the amount of innovation that exists across the arena. And here at Lilly, Dave has really been pushing the idea of being more active in terms of bringing in external innovation so we're very pleased for that prioritization here within Lilly. To your specific question about a wish list, we don't look at this at an asset-by-asset level, but rather we think about what can boost our strategy. So what could be brought in that might combine well with some of our promising products and, just in general, what are some areas scientifically where it's been obvious that advances have been made and where, if we could leverage what we do well at Lilly in terms of clinical development, we could add value there. So I would say it's not really an asset-by-asset basis but really letting the science drive strategy and certainly that would cover the gambit of both targeted therapy and immunotherapy advances.
Levi Garraway: Yeah, just adding on prexasertib I would agree with Dave and certainly your point about PARP inhibitors, this particular combination is interesting, but there are actually several potential interesting combinations that we're pursuing with prexasertib. So what we think about this, as Dave mentioned, sort of the totality of what the science supports as opposed to a particular deal or exchange. With regard to TIM-3, our preclinical evidence suggests that our TIM-3 molecule has a distinct mechanism of TIM-3 inhibition than some of the competitor molecules, and this could be of potential importance because unlike, for example, PD1 where the relevant ligands are well understood in terms of the reason why an anti-PD1 works in cancer immunotherapy, there are actually several ligands for TIM-3 and the relative contribution to those ligands in the tumor immunology context is less clear. So obviously it's early days. We'll need to await clinical activity to determine whether that's a clinical distinction, but preclinically, that does appear to be a potentially important difference.
Levi Garraway: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. So with CSF-1R, just going back to our decision framework, there are several considerations that we have when we're looking at whether or not an asset is going to clear the bar. In addition to the scientific rationale, we're also looking at clinical magnitude and even also the commercial landscape. And I think with CSF-1R in particular, that's an example of where it's a crowded space, and so our decision making about how aggressively we invest will be determined by the distinctive characteristics of our agent and our study, so – and we have a couple of studies ongoing that will inform that. With regard to the other question, you're absolutely correct. It is a very important point that as we build rational regimens we are increasingly seeing that key members of regimens may or may not have that impressive single activity, and IDL could be an example. One could even argue that some of the other Cetacaine (01:19:21) inhibitors were examples of that. So, this is another example of why it's so important to think about the scientific rationale; what is the biology that's operant, what are we trying to target, and is there a reason to believe that if we put a combination together we'll get a much greater effect than we might see with any individual component. So, in general, so there's not a specific answer to the question, obviously it will depend on the particular combinations and indications, but you're absolutely correct, this is increasingly something we're considering. What's the target regimen, the combination we want to put together and the aggregate biological rationale and not just the individual components.
Levi Garraway: Yeah, sure. So beyond that we also have abemaciclib in conjunction with trastuzumab and I would call the MONARCH HER study which is a HER2 positive- HR positive (01:20:47) breast cancer. That one is enrolling, and it may take a couple of years to have that readout. But then beyond that we have a number of combination studies that we are doing with abemaciclib so that's relevant to the second question. So we have – those are earlier-stage, but there are several, both portfolio assets and partnered assets, that we are looking at in combination with abemaciclib. So, we have a significant life cycle plan that we continue to add to that will read out over the coming years.
