John Lechleiter: Thanks Tim for the question. First of all let me just comment, we are maintaining our commitment to our dividend, to paying our dividend at at least its current level. The recent events that you sight do not change our fundamental strategy, at the core of which is progression of molecules through our pipeline. We have still our eyes set on having at least 10 molecules in Phase 3 development at/or around the time that we lose our Zyprexa patent here in the US in late 2011. I think our fundamental strategy remains intact. We're not interested in large scale combinations. I think there are many other opportunities that I think we could consider along the lines of several that we've done already this year most recently, the Alnara acquisition, the acquisition of the Pfizer Wyeth divested animal health assets in Europe. As far as diversification goes, we like our animal health business. You saw us report 12% revenue growth for the quarter for Elanco. It's an area where we've shown a willingness to invest externally as well as to develop our companion animal business organically, and we're going to continue to focus on that. As far as diversification goes, I think we are considering as of one of diversification are enhanced and increased focus on biotechnology, you heard today. I think 40% of our pipeline assets are biotech molecules and I think there is an element of geographic diversification here as well. When you can grow like we are growing in Japan, the second largest Pharma market in the world, I think that presents a nice offset. We have only about 10% of our sales today and what we classify as the emerging markets we see a tremendous opportunity to grow and expand largely with our existing product portfolio in the years ahead. So I think that remains our focus and not withstanding the setbacks, we are confident that we can execute on that strategy.
John Lechleiter: John, we are obviously watching the activity on the animal health space very carefully. This is a business that we are quite committed and we want to stay in the animal health business, we are going to have to ask to double food production globally in the next 40 years or so. We think there is a lot of opportunity there for a company like Elanco with our product mix. At the same time we are watching the space and as some of the big players get bigger, we are going to have to consider thoughtfully what that means for us and maybe ensure that we are able to compete effectively, so we are eyes open there, we think it's a good opportunity for the growth, for the company.
John Lechleiter: And for Semagacestat, at the time we had made the announcement about the utility analysis have been performed and the results of that analysis, we have said we would go ahead and continue to monitor patients. We will continue to take a number of biomarker measurements, probably for another six to nine months. At the end of the time we are hopeful that that information can give us a little more insight into the deterioration and cognition that we saw on other things to figure out what may have been causing that. However, we do not have any active clinical programs in gamma secretase inhibition for Alzheimer's disease, nor do we have any short-term plans to do that. We will waiting until we get these results to see what they might tell us to inform any future decisions in that area.
John Lechleiter: Yes, I'd like to close out now. I want to thank everybody again for taking time this morning for this update on Eli Lilly & Co. We appreciate your continued interest in Lilly. Clearly, this is a challenging time for the company and the industry, but it's also we believe a time as I said earlier on the call a great opportunity. We continue to believe that our innovation-based strategy while not without risk will provide the greatest value to our shareholders and to society. Clearly, we're not sitting here passively reacting to events as they occur, but we're acting with focus and purpose to achieve our goals to overcome upcoming patent losses and to return to growth. The consistent operational performance we've shared with you throughout this year are signs of progress and provide the wherewithal for us to meet our challenges. To date we've generated strong financial results with robust volume driven sales growth, continued leverage driven by cost containment and productivity efforts and strong operating cash flow. Thanks to the strong financial performance we've raised; our full year 2010 EPS guidance for the third time this year. We're seeing strong growth in our animal health business in emerging markets and in Japan as Nick commented. We were the fastest growing pharma company. Obviously the strong financial performance is the fuel for our innovation strategy and because we know the setbacks are part of our business, we've been working hard to increase our shops on goal. We now have 68 assets in human testing, 28 in Phases II and III including many with tremendous potential. Among them we have Phase III trials ongoing for 1121B, this is the ImClone molecule in breast and gastric cancer. We recently started another Phase III study in hepatocellular cancer would be starting more in the near future and we completed enrollment in our first Phase III trial for Solanezumab and the second is more than 80% enrolled. Furthermore a major part of our recent restructuring was aimed at accelerating our pipeline flow and I am encouraged by what I am seeing. We've moved nearly 4 in to Phase III and we expect to begin Phase III trials by about any body for RA and lupus in early 2011. This molecule is the first of an emerging autoimmune portfolio that includes our IL-17 antibody and the [Jack-1/2] with our partners from inside. We also advanced three more assets into Phase I and two into Phase II this quarter. We are going to continue to focus on speeding innovation to patients and we remain on track to have at least 10 molecules in Phase III by the end of 2011 with more coming behind. We continue to bolster our near to medium term top line and earnings with targeted in licensing and acquisition. And we are prudently reducing our headcount and managing our expenses to enable us to invest in the pipeline and provide a robust return of cash to shareholders with the dividend. As always, we'll keep you informed of our progress. Thank you again for you interest in Lilly.
Derica Rice: We will have John handle your first question on the consolidation of Animal Health and we were looking to take that part of our business and Nick will handle your question on the reward trial.
Derica Rice: In your regards to your question around gross-to-net true ups, we really didn't have any significant movement in the third quarter other than the one true up we had in terms of the healthcare reform impact which we highlighted in call tech. And so if you are looking at healthcare reform, the true effect and the underline effect in the third quarter was about $65 million. We did have a reversal of an accrual of about $40 million associated with the timing of the 340b expansion and when that would take effect. We had been assuming that it will be effective retroactive back to January 1st of this year, and in fact it is only going to taking effect as the hospitals themselves take on that declaration. So, that was the cause of $40 million reversal.
Derica Rice: First of all when we provided our healthcare reform estimated impact on revenue, we gave the aggregate impact we've never provided the line item detail there and so we are probably not going to do that today either. What I can say is the majority of the impact in terms of our revised estimate that we provided on the call is driven by the change in assumption of the effective date of the 340B expansion. As we are today to the managed Medicaid and what we are seeing there, there is really no change.
Derica Rice: Let me start with the question in the growth of the GLP category. We continue to believe that this category will experience significant growth. Now clearly BYDUREON is a key catalyst to the growth of the category. So when we look at some of the growth rates clearly they are going to be delayed versus what would have been had BYDUREON been approved at this time. In terms of Europe and Asia that's something that as I mentioned we'd prefer not to comment at this stage. We are in discussions with the European regulatory agencies and as I said we expect an action by EMA in the first-half of 2011. We will take into consideration your request regarding DURATION-1 and QTc. I will remind and I believe this was mentioned in the analyst conference call but we conducted ECGs a steady-state drug might [sanitize] their concentration in 148 patients, 56 of those patients had mild and 10 had moderate renal impairment and we found no clinically meaningful effect on QT, QTc intervals over a wide range of (inaudible) concentrations.
Derica Rice: As I stated earlier, when you think about really between now and 2014 and what we put out even in terms of that construct, its really going to be driven by the trends of our currently marketed portfolio as well as our ongoing cost containment efforts. Those are the two biggest drivers in terms of us achieving our regional 2014 estimate. In regards to Semagacestat and BYDUREON, BYDUREON was in those estimate and Semagacestat to a much more smaller effect.
Derica Rice: Chris, in regards to Zyprexa and (inaudible) first of all, in Japan September year-to-date Zyprexa is about $300 million, so if you said on a run rate you would think that’s for the full year be at least $400 million. If you look at the rest of the world, okay we're about $175 million in terms of what we call rest of world emerging market and remember in those markets, we basically have all your loss in many of those markets, patent protection for Zyprexa. So this gives you some idea what the magnitude of the tail could. Let me also remind you that in Japan while we are on a run rate of at least 400 million per annum currently we still anticipate additional growth because we have additional indication that are expected to come online. Now, I gave you that in terms of where we stand today because I'll let you do your own math because we typically have not provided future projections in terms of revenue projections by product.
Derica Rice: In regards to the healthcare reform for 2011, we will look to update those estimates to the streets on our Q4 earnings call in January.
Derica Rice: Let me try to take us back to a previous discussion when we are presenting at the 2014 construct in December of last year, you know we said at that time that we anticipate 2014 being the trough period for Eli Lilly in terms of scheme of patent expirations. And even at that time we still anticipated being able to both fund or finance the operations of our business including progress in the pipeline, as well as maintaining our dividend. And that was in what we consider to be the trough period. To your point about what I think, meaning in the market maybe missing about Lilly, everyone obviously is focused on the certainty of the patents that we will lose, I think some of the growth opportunities that's not registering maybe in the investors line these days, are one, I will come back to those, I've touched a comment earlier. We've called that we do not lose the patent for as I touched in Japan until the end of 2015. So we still anticipate growth there. In most of the market outside of the US for Zyprexa, we have already lost in the major markets much of the plan for protection there. So, I think there is more of a tail to Zyprexa and people are giving it credit for. Secondly, if you look at markets like Japan, we expected to double the size of that business over the next three to five years. If you look at the business Elanco which John touched on earlier, we also expect to double in the next three to five years. And then thirdly, if you look at our emerging market which grew 14% this quarter, we expect to double the size of that business as well. So yes, why we maybe losing revenue associated Zyprexa in the US as well as Cymbalta and Evista in the US, as well as the markets outside the US and some other business segments that we anticipate growing very robustly during that same period.
Derica Rice: Barbara this is Derica, I'll take the first dive at it and if anyone else has any thing you want to add to feel free to join in. but I guess I'm not as negative as maybe some of your commentary may indicate in terms of the outlook of our business. I wan to remind the investment community once again, we still anticipate 2014 being a trough. And as I indicated earlier what gets us between today and 2014 the driver to that is primarily our ongoing trends of our currently marketed products as well as our cost containment effort. The portfolio the pipeline will be more indicative of what our growth prospectus looks like coming out of 2014 and I think that hands us to back to what John stated earlier that today we are sitting on approximately 68 molecules in clinical phase development. We anticipate having at least 10 molecules in Phase 3 development by the end of 2011 which we believe puts us in proximity to be able to again to launch products as we are coming out of the wising period. And then we turn into growth, when we think about our strategy there are some I guess to your point about how do you mitigate risk or how do you dampen the saw tooth nature of the business that we are in. I think there is a couple of factors one is the Elanco animal health business. It softens that. Secondly, we have some parts of our geographical business that's kind of cyclical to what you are seeing in the vize. And then thirdly, if you come back to just our biotech presence, the fact that roughly half of our portfolio is in biotech, little bit more than 40% half of our Phase 2 Phase 3 portfolio is biotech. So when I think about our fundamental business strategy I think its still intact, and yes we will continue to use our balance sheet and this is development opportunity to bridge gaps that maybe there, or to take advantage of emerging opportunities. But I feel very confident about what we are pursuing in terms of our strategy.
Nick Lemen: In terms of the GLP-1 fc John, the award trials as well as our Phase II, III seamless adapter trial for GLP-1 fc those will start to report out in the 2012 timeframe, so we will look for that then. In terms of the cardiovascular profile, we are currently conducting a Phase II trial measuring blood pressure and heart rate. There has been a lot of discussion about this asset with regards to that profile. It's important for us to note there have been no serious cardiovascular events as observed in any of our Phase I or Phase II studies with this asset, but we are running this additional state to better understand the hemodynamic profile of GLP-1 fc, and we will learn more from that study. In terms of other studies, excluding the cardiovascular profile, we haven't discussed that at this point in time.
Nick Lemen: Tony with respect to headcount, as you know we made an announcement last September, September 2009 saying that it was intension to reduce our headcount by 5,500 by the end of 2011 from a base at that time at 40,500 excluding additions in fast growing emerging markets in Japan and obviously also including small numbers of employees associated with certain acquisitions that we made since that time. Now if you go back and do apples-and-apples and you say how far along are we towards a 5,500 we are at about 2,700 today. So one can say we are sort of half way through the process of eliminating the 5,500 positions that we described in September of 2009. With respect to any further plans on headcount reduction, we have no such plans at the moment. Obviously we work in a business and in an industry that’s undergoing a tremendous amount of change. We will continue to navigate through these waters and do at any point in time what we think is the appropriate thing for the business. But right now our focus is resolutely on advancing our pipeline, taking advantage growth opportunities we have that we described earlier in the phone call today.
Nick Lemen: And then as far as the pipeline assets go, first thing we mentioned is still blinded, so we won't have the ability to tell you about mechanism until we're at a point to unblind that asset and talk more fully about it. 18-F1 is essentially in terms of mechanism, one that has a (inaudible) target. This looks like both the different one on cancer cells as well as the vascular structure as far as where it interacts. That's probably about the most detail I've got at this point in time. If you want to follow-up after the call, or if you have additional questions Marc, I'm happy to take those. Next caller please.
