Joe Fletcher: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q1 2023 Earnings Call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo at Lilly; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Patrick Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly USA. We're also joined by Mike Springnether, Kendo Waha and Lauren Zierke of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide three. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and conclude the call in a timely manner. [Operator Instructions] We're going to end the call at 11:15 a.m. Paul, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Ilya, and thanks, Tim, for the question. Running low on time, so we'll try to get through as many questions as possible. Paul, next question.
Joe Fletcher: Paul, maybe time for 1 last question, so maybe send through the last -- 1 last question from the queue.
David Ricks: Thank you, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up our progress to start the year. Our core business, which excludes COVID-19 antibody revenue, grew 10%, driven by Mounjaro, Verzenio, Trulicity and Jardiance. This growth was achieved despite headwinds related to pricing, to generic erosion of Alimta in the U.S. and a moderated but still negative foreign exchange impacts. In the coming quarters, we expect the impact of COVID-19 antibody revenue in the prior periods will ebb, while our new product and growth product categories of medicines will drive continued revenue growth and meaningful operating margin expansion. While the quarter was not without some challenges, which I am confident we'll overcome, we made meaningful advances in our pipeline, including the approval of an expanded label of Verzenio, the first approval of mirikizumab in Japan, submission of tirzepatide for obesity in the EU and positive results from our second Phase III trial for tirzepatide in obesity. We also demonstrated leadership to improve insulin access and affordability for millions of Americans. Lastly, we returned approximately $1.8 billion to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchase. We remain committed to both executing on the significant opportunities before us and to continuing the important and often difficult work to discover, develop and bring to market innovative medicines to address some of the greatest areas of unmet medical need. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Thanks, Terence. I'll go to Mike for those questions on branding strategy considerations and then any update on RTP.
David Ricks: Thanks, Chris, for the 2-parter there. Mike, we'll go to you for the first part around bigger picture in the incretin market and category growth and how we're thinking about that and then the second round, use in patients with diabetes versus none.
David Ricks: Okay. Mike, you can go ahead and cover these points kind of general gross to net thoughts and trends and then Colin's question about potential use of a priority review voucher.
David Ricks: Yes. Maybe just to add, I think the latest data from the Medicare Trust is that we're spending about $1 trillion a year as a country on obesity-related complications and comorbidities. I don't think we always do a very good job of thinking about buying pharmaceuticals as an investment and future savings in our health. Maybe we do better when it's acute like COVID. I think we spent tens of billions on COVID therapies and didn't question it as much. But here's -- I think even in the most rosy forecast, we're not going to sell $1 trillion of obesity drugs. So the question is more like, over time, can we demonstrate that treatment today reduces cost downstream? We're highly confident that, that will be a multiple of 5x, 10x savings for whatever people invest in the medicines. We have to prove that. That's our job as an innovative company is to do the outcome studies that demonstrate that. I think our competitors are doing the same thing, and that will be good for the field. And as I've said before, it's hard to imagine by the end of this decade that everyone doesn't just accept that pharmacologic treatment for overweight and obesity should be the standard of care, and it will save this health care system trillions of dollars over time. So that's our position and we need to fight for that position. We also need to do the work. And right now, we are talking about weight loss numbers, not outcomes. But that data is coming soon, as early as next year for tirzepatide.
David Ricks: Thanks, Chris. That's a lot to unpack in the question, but I'll hand over to Dan for some commentary on TB6.
David Ricks: Yes. And if I got your question right and just to clarify, it's not clear to us that semaglutide and dulaglutide will be eligible in the same year for IRA, if they're eligible, depending on sales two years prior in the various ways the government is proposing to do this. But let's just play it out if sema is selected because it's a small molecule 9 years from launch, et cetera. What will happen in the commercial market? Nobody knows because in the draft guidance, there really isn't a lot of clarity about how the government proposes to effectuate the so-called maximum fair price to the consumer level. They're entertaining a few ideas, it appears, from their initial guidance. I think we're expecting more regulatory, either definitive regulatory statements or proposals for comment in the coming 90 days, Umer. But I can tell you what we'd prefer is that since we're not a party to that transaction as manufacturers in this example, not us, but someone else, we would probably need a third party to determine, is that a valid Part D prescription? Is it eligible for the maximum fair price? And then to step in and match that transaction up post hoc. We did something like that when the donut hole was created, and it worked pretty well with third-party administrators. This is what we've suggested that the administration will be the best thing. And in that scenario, you would not have a wholesale price reduction to reach the maximum fair price. You would do it after the fact, and I think in that way, be able to keep the two segments, commercial and government a little bit more separate. That has obvious advantage for the industry and probably for payers as well and maybe for patients, creating certainty and lack of arbitrage across physical distribution channels. So to be determined there, but as that detail comes out, we'll have more commentary on it, but ball's in the government's court now.
David Ricks: Thanks, Tim, for the really good question. I'll hand over to Ilya Yuffa, our President of Lilly International to weigh in on that.
David Ricks: Maybe in the interest of time, since we have just a couple of minutes, let's focus on the first question, and we can connect with IR on the second questions afterwards. So mirikizumab update, I hand over to Patrick for that.
Michael Mason: All right. Thanks, Terence, for that question. On the branding question, obviously, yes, we're not going to provide any clarity on that. I think if you look at the kind of pros and cons on 1 versus 2 brands, the pros are, it is a more efficient supply chain and manufacturing for 1 brand, for 2 brands or some access benefits. Also, you have an empty vessel for the commercial promotion of our obesity indication with the 2-brand scenarios. So that's kind of the puts and takes on that part. On the supply, I think maybe I'll answer the overall supply question because I'm sure there may be other questions on there. We talked last year that our focus was to double capacity by the end of this year, and we're progressing toward that goal. Our manufacturing team is working hard every day and directly delivering over our manufacturing plan this year. We believe that our channel inventory for Q2 will be a bit better for what we saw in Q1. And obviously, as you bring up, the important milestone is us bringing our first [indiscernible] brand fully online this year. The manufacturing team is progressing toward that goal. And then long term, we're investing where we need to in order to create a long-term significant supply across our entire incretin portfolio to meet what we think is going to just be a tremendous demand globally for the product and for all our incretin portfolio.
Michael Mason: Okay. I'll answer the second question first. With our savings card changes as well as our continued focus of our promotion on only for people with type 2 diabetes, for someone to -- for a new patient to come on to Mounjaro, to have a low out-of-pocket cost, they have to have formulary access. We are only contracting for diabetes access for Mounjaro. So at this point, our assumption is that the vast majority of new people who are new to Mounjaro have type 2 diabetes. On the incretin market, yes, it's really growing both across type 2 diabetes. It's really surge as well as on the obesity front. We plan to aggressively promote and offer this product in both disease classes and invest appropriately to the opportunity. We're not surprised by the market growth in type 2 diabetes. We think there's a big opportunity to really help people who have type 2 diabetes early in the course of treatment to improve their long-term health outcomes. And then as the SURMOUNT-2 data demonstrated, there's just a tremendous unmet need in the obesity market. And we're not surprised by Wegovy's uptake after the resupply and relaunch. And I just really think it really points to the tremendous opportunity that we have to really help patients and meet the needs of the marketplace. So really no changes for us. We felt that both markets would have good growth opportunities. We're prepared to be successful and both grow the market and grow our share in type 2 diabetes and then establish ourself in the chronic weight management market.
Michael Mason: Okay, appreciate that. On the gross to net progression for Mounjaro, I think it's best to look at our paid TRxs, which we define as those patients who's not supported by our $25 noncoverage savings program. That was our original program at launch. You see from the slide that Anat presented early on that we have seen just really good growth of the paid TRxs over time. If you take a look at the growth from Q1 versus Q4, it was a 55% growth in paid TRxs. If you look at the point in time of the week before we started the saving card changes to last week, we've increased paid TRx growth by almost 2.5x. So we're very happy with that. That's the trend we need to see to improve gross to net. Now at the same time, we look at kind of what we've defined as unpaid scripts, which is those that are supported by the original $25 noncoverage savings programs, those are decreasing. So really, that's the 2 trends you need to see to lead to improved growth to net of paid scripts increasing and unpaid scripts decreasing. Also, we expect those trends to continue. We also have a milestone coming up at the end of June when the original $25 noncovered savings card are set to expire. With chronic weight management approval, we'll talk about that -- and pricing at the appropriate time after approval. With regards to our submission, chronic weight management, our plan, as Dave said, the team is taking this data right now and working feverishly to submit that in the coming weeks. We do have Fast Track designation from the FDA to expect that -- to expedite it. We have a rolling submission. We already submitted the SURMOUNT-1 data. And we are excited to also talk about that. While we think the FDA will act quickly with the Fast Track designation, we want to remove any uncertainty. And so we will be using a PRV and expect that we'll get approval as early as the end of this year.
Michael Mason: Yes, it's a good question. And when we look at the opportunity within, let's say the chronic weight management marketplace, it's easy to look at the number of people who live with obesity both in the U.S. and globally, and look at, boy, this could have a big impact on health care costs. But I think if you look more at the real true potential that we focus so much on weight loss, but when you look at not only the -- what does weight loss really provide, there's over 200 complications associated with living with obesity. And as we get more and closer to the marketplace and look at our modeling, we do think that this is going to relieve and reduce the risk of complications associated with obesity, and there will be medical cost savings associated with using these agents, which will, I think, be of great societal value. Also, when you look at the quality of life results that we saw from SURMOUNT-1, they were remarkable. And at times, it's hard to quantify those in a cost-effectiveness model. But in real life, those impact patients significantly. And I think it really does highlight how important these treatments are to people who live with obesity. And so I think as you look at the impact not at like a population level but on a patient level, these agents on tirzepatide will provide great value to society.
Michael Mason: Yes. On the commercial side, as we launch into the chronic weight management market for tirzepatide, we'll be very upfront with payers and health care professionals and consumers that this is a chronic disease and a chronic medication that needs to be adhered to long term. When you look at how this product works, one of the most important aspects of it is that it controls and reduces appetite. When someone tries to gain -- to lose weight via diet and exercise, as someone is successful in losing weight, the body actually works against that and tugs it the opposite way by increasing the appetite. That's why these agents, tirzepatide does work because it does reduce the appetite. So while on therapy, we anticipate that the appetite will be lowered and maintained. And then if stopped, then the appetite will increase. Now this is something that unlike most drugs, you don't know if you stop taking like a statin or something else, you don't really feel any effects. We do think that, that will be a noticeable effect that will begin soon after stopping therapy even before you start seeing weight gain. So I think we think that will be an important kind of signal for a patient to understand that this is a chronic disease and needs to be treated long term. As it goes into the -- maybe 1 other aspect on the additional indications, we talk a lot about access and the need for in order to get access into Part D. And obviously, that will be an important thing overarching. But these additional indications are important for the senior population. Complications run with living with obesity, and they emerge into complications when you reach Medicare like type 2 diabetes, like sleep apnea and like heart failure. And so we believe these are important indications to study because we think these are important health conditions. But also commercially, we think this is important because this will help us get access for these really important complications that are really important to the senior population. So commercially, we think these are really important. Thanks for the question.
Michael Mason: Yes. No, good question. I mean, on net pricing, we have 1 price point for Mounjaro. We have flat pricing across the dosing form so people can feel free to find the right dose that works for them at the same price. That will be the same price for new starts, it is for people on maintenance to treatment.
