Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Derica. As we have on most recent calls, if you would do us a favor and your colleagues that are going to be asking questions after you, of limiting your questions to two, or a single two-part question, that would be very much appreciated. Dave, if you could give the instructions for the Q&A session and then go to the first caller please.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Mark. And just for the record, it was Ilissa that was rooting for the Blue Devils. John, if you'd go ahead and handle the Part B proposal question, and then Enrique, if you'll give your updated thoughts on how you see the oral GLP-1s evolving and potentially being a threat to the injectable franchise.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Enrique. And before we go to Dave, just a point of clarification. You had said Jardiance and Glyxambi; I think you meant to say Jardiance and Synjardy.
Philip Johnson: Great, John. Thank you for the questions. John, if you'll start off with the Japan questions, and Derica and I may tag team the insulin manufacturing, and then Jan for Jardiance.
Philip Johnson: Great, Vamil. Thank you for the questions. Dave, if you'd like to take those, feel free to flip the first one back to me if you'd like, but if you want to comment on either or both of those, please do so.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Dave. And you summarized the team's plans for disclosure for the EXPEDITION3 trial perfectly well, so I have nothing to add to that. Dave, if we can go to the next caller, please.
Philip Johnson: All right, Dave. Thanks for the questions. We'll go to the tag team again of Dave Ricks and Jan Lundberg. So, Dave, if you'd like to lead off, and Jan, feel free to fill in.
Philip Johnson: Okay, great. That's an excellent response. No further comments from the group here, so, Dave, if we can go to the next caller, please.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you, Dave. I think about the count clerk we got through about a dozen callers in the hour of Q&A that we have. I do apologize for those of you that are still in the queue, but we have reached the end of the call. The IR team will give you guys a call back and gals a call back after this call concludes. I'll now turn it over to John for some closing remarks.
David A. Ricks - President: Sure. Yeah. As we said in the March press release, we have made this change and it's really a decision of the sponsor. We inform regulators but don't actively seek a formal approval step. That's really in the category of a pre-submission or submission meeting. FDA and other regulators have been consistent over the last four or five years that they would like to see co-primaries in these studies. However, I think Lilly's belief, and I don't think we're alone in the field, is that the field has moved, and that both detecting changes and function in these early patients, as well as maybe the utility of the scales we're using, is more questionable than before. However, cognition is clearly something that can be detected easily. As you know, we've moved cognition to the key secondary endpoint – or function, rather, so that we'll continue to measure this and if we hit statistical significance on that as a key secondary, we feel confident that this is not very different in the scientific sense from dual primaries. And I think it does allow us some additional degrees of freedom in submission to look at two different ways to measure function in early Alzheimer's patients.
David A. Ricks - President: Yes. Thanks, Seamus. So as was mentioned in the prepared text, we've launched in the U.S. now. Just a week and a half or so ago began shipments. At the beginning of the month we began active promotional rollout and that's happening cross-country now, as well as we're excited that EMA approved Taltz last night in Europe and promotion will begin in June in certain geographies in Europe based on the approvability of access that happens over here. So again, how will we differentiate? We're focused on the really outstanding efficacy of Taltz, which again has proven a 90% PASI 75 rate, 70% PASI 90, and 40% PASI 100; really, rates not seen in any other program with all the caveats on comparisons of these programs. The drug works very fast. It lasts a long time. This data's been published most recently in AAD. And I think we provide a really uniquely positive and easy use experience for the patient and the doctor. So we're really excited as the class of IL-17s appears to be demonstrating really the unmet need and the benefits of this new threshold of efficacy which we think Taltz has best-in-class data on. And so we'll have to see about exactly the business results that come as we execute, too. But so far so good, qualitatively. The team's excited, physicians are excited, and the rollout's under way.
David A. Ricks - President: Yeah, thanks, Chris. And Jan, jump in as we go through this. In terms of the base announcement today, which are that we're bring coherence to the idea that early Alzheimer's studies, the primary endpoint should be cognition. We're using it as Cog14 in the sola [solanezumab] study and 13 in the two AZ BACE studies. That's just purely a function of two very similar instruments, and one we started with in AZ BACE was different than sola [solanezumab], but we expect them to yield very, very similar outcomes. And as we said before in the sola [solanezumab] announcement, we think that this is a much better way to detect changes in cognition, preclude and predict changes in function. And then measuring function anyway in early Alzheimer's is a difficult prospect, both because patients are losing function typically at a very, very slow rate early and then accelerating as they go through the disease, but also because the instruments being used really are unproven in drug trials. As you know, Chris, we've done a lot of drug trials, both placebo-controlled and active, failed, and some with some positive results. You mentioned CDR Sum of Boxes. This is a composite index that looks at both function and cognition. It's quite a complicated instrument. Training and implementation at sites is one of the more onerous ones, and although it does show coherence with disease progression across the whole continuum, we have had less of that observation in our programs and find that ADAS-Cog, and for function IADL and the FAQ and other measures of function probably are a bit better in early disease. Final comment is AMARANTH includes prodromal patients, so this is really pre-diagnosis Alzheimer's. The new study, DAYBREAK, will include mild and of course EXPEDITION3 is mild. We think the appropriate primary endpoint is all those settings is a cognitive endpoint with multiple secondaries and a measurement of function as well as biomarkers.
David A. Ricks - President: Sure. You have the timeline correct from our previous communications in terms of what we expect; October and then sometime before Christmas, maybe just before, a top-line readout. I think it's probably premature to comment on the exact content of that, although as usual, we'll try to be transparent with our investors as we can be without jeopardizing publication. I think we've also said it's difficult to predict right now what meeting we will be presenting that data, because there isn't actually an obvious one shortly after that. So we're working on finalizing all of this, and if we can, we'd like to be as transparent as we can with the top-line results, including key secondary endpoints like function and make sure we guard against jeopardizing the publication, which hopefully will be shortly thereafter. Feel free to jump on that, Phil, if I got any of that wrong. And then in terms of commercial impact, we do believe demonstrating impact on function as well as biomarkers is important. But I think the most important thing is to establish that solanezumab is a disease-modifying agent, meaning unlike symptomatics, that if you remove the therapy, patients don't simply return to their previous state. But there's a permanent alteration in the trajectory of decline. And decline measured by whatever measure we want, whether that be function or cognition. I think we've established some important information around that with the EXPEDITION extension data presented last summer, but obviously, we need to repeat that finding in EXPEDITION3 and really demonstrate that there's a building effect through time, and that in the open-label extensions that come out of all these studies, we can again replicate that. So disease modification is the key commercial handle I think to set up a new class for really changing the outcome for patients with Alzheimer's.
David A. Ricks - President: Yeah. Let me address the second question first, Dave, because I don't think, based on your question, we see things the way you characterize them. We don't have a lack of confidence that solanezumab won't affect function. In fact, if we go back to the pool of mild disclosure back in 2011 – sorry, 2012, you will see that we had a 0.001 impact on all measures of cognition that we listed, and a 0.057 on ADL, a 0.045 P-value on IADL, so it's based on that we selected ADAS-Cog14 and IADL as original endpoints. Our design both powers the study more significantly and excludes patients who lack amyloid, which we believe should give us a better signal-to-noise ratio for an anti-amyloid therapy. So I would encourage investors not to be confused that this change has any bearing on our confidence. And, again, to remind everyone, we have seen nothing as it relates to the blinded data on EXPEDITION3, and won't until the final database block later this year. So why did we do this? I guess there's three hypothetical scenarios of the outcome. On the extremes you'd have total failure to replicate the pooled mild data, meaning there is no relevant effect of solanezumab. And if that ends up being truth out of EXPEDITION3, I don't think this matters, and probably nothing would have. We don't believe that's the most probable case, but I guess critics might highlight that. On the other hand is a scenario where we hit or replicate EXPEDITION1 and 2 pooled mild data as strongly or maybe even with a better P-value than the pool of mild information previously published. In that case, this change doesn't really matter either because we will have hit the primary and hit the key secondaries; we'll go to the regulators with both of those data sets and, I believe, meet the qualifications for approval that existed previously. I think the reason to do this is a scenario where you achieve cognition, but have a close call on function. And given the measurement issues with function in mild Alzheimer's as I described in an earlier answer on the call, that is a possibility. We don't think the most probable, but it's a possibility. And we want to allow for that by being able to a) measure function two ways: FAQ is another instrument, a more tailored instrument for early Alzheimer's; and the IADL, which I've described already. Additionally, as Jan mentioned, we're measuring caregiver activity in a broad light and many, many other instruments we can draw upon. We think this will maximize the chance of both a submission and potential for approval, and that's why we made this move, just to be clear on all of that. I think it's – we already have shown data that intervening with disease-modifying agent in mild Alzheimer's disease does carry over into moderate phase. That was published last year in the EXPEDITION extension data, and we can talk about that offline if you'd like to. Finally, your first question was how do the statistics work? And I just want to highlight we have not finalized our statistical analysis plan in the finer point of detail, so I'll just talk in broad strokes here. But when you have dual primaries, you need to split your 0.05 alpha in half and allocate it to the two primaries to achieve the statistical significance on both versus just one. So in this way, there's a little wider moat on achieving ADAS-Cog14 – based on our previous finding, I'm not sure that's critical to achieve ADAS-Cog14, but it is a point to note. And then we can then divide the alpha that's left among the key secondaries, which in this case will be the FAQ as well as the IADL functional instruments. So in theory, there could be more alpha allocated to the IADL or the FAQ based on our final design. So there is an incrementally positive impact on statistical calculations at the end of the day. Again, that's not the primary reason we're doing all this. It's because we really do believe cognition matters. It predicts functional decline, and we've powered this study, as you point out, to achieve significance on both.
David A. Ricks - President: Yeah, I think my part on that will be short because as we previously announced, the interim look on efficacy which triggers a move, or a safety rather, which triggers a move of the BACE inhibitor from Phase 2 to Phase 3 was predefined and really focused only on safety. We do have biomarker data on Abeta clearance. Maybe Jan can comment on here with the AZ BACE inhibitor, but we really just focused on discharging safety in a class that has had off-target safety effects. And we were pleased with the result announced earlier this month. Maybe I'll transition to Jan on the mechanistic question in Alzheimer's and then we can go back to Taltz in the EU and switching question.
David A. Ricks - President: Yeah. So as you point out, we were quite encouraged by the early adoption of the class. I didn't read it too carefully, but I noted the Novartis antibody had strong success O-U.S. I think particularly in Germany, the early uptake. As we look at Europe, which we do expect rollouts and launches beginning this summer and then through really the end of 2018, that's the cycle for reimbursement assessment. So the full revenue picture won't be elucidated till after 2018 really. But in Germany, we will get an early read, because of the way the reimbursement works. We have a very strong and competitive label in Europe, including first-line indication for treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. All of the same efficacy endpoints and maybe a few others that I mentioned from the U.S. question earlier. The drug works rapidly. That's noted in the label, and consistently with long duration of effect. Switching is an important factor in this market, but perhaps not in the sense that someone achieves success and then switches to a brand that could give them even better success. What we see is a lot of patients try and lapse treatments. And as Phil mentioned earlier, we estimate less than 1 in 10 patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis is currently on a biologic. But there's quite a number that have tried one in the past and are no longer using it. So in this way switching, meaning they were on something before and now can reinitiate on this promising new therapy, Taltz. And our share of label in Europe highlights that, that the drug is both durable and effective in patients independent of words, whether it's a first-line, naive biologic, a switch, a lapse biologic, or some refractory to multiple biologics. So that's an important pool of patients as we have early launch and uptake. And again, we're very optimistic for this product.
Jan M. Lundberg: And Jan here. I can add that we will give FDA a robust analysis of the overall solanezumab's effect on cognition as well as function, including also the analysis of caregiver burden and various biomarkers including imaging of amyloid and tau as well then as safety, the way the microhemorrhage and edema, then detection using MRI. So I think we will have a comprehensive program.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah. So let me just remind you that Jardiance had an impressive reduction in hospitalization for heart failure, which was kind of an unexpected finding. We are now planning then to perform studies in both types of heart failure patients, both with a preserved injection fraction where the filling is a problem and the reduced injection fraction, where it's more contractility of the heart that is a problem. And we will do these not only in type 2 diabetics, but also in non-diabetes patients to see if we see similar benefits there. Regarding the mechanism, as you know, Jardiance has reduction in blood pressure. It causes diuresis, which together then could be an overall volume reduction benefit. There could be other vascular effects still could be characterized. And we should also emphasize that Jardiance not only has an effect on CV outcome, but also kidney benefits that I think need to be characterized further. So overall, we are very excited about this opportunity, but I think the exact mechanism, there are more to be learned.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah, and I can complement by just some future then opportunities in relation to biomarkers as potential surrogate markers of efficacy. And here, as you know, we have our tau imaging agent in Phase 3 which is undergoing studies then right now to correlate on the PET imaging and be able to autopsy location of tau, and we're also following disease progression. And we are using this as a potential surrogate marker then, in EXPEDITION3 for sola [solanezumab], and also then we include this in our base studies to see then if anti-amyloid reduction can influence actually the tau signals spreading in the brain. And we also have a tau imaging in the A4 and DIAN studies, all pre-clinical Alzheimer's. So I think that's a potential next evolution that could then also reduce the time needed then to do potentially studies in the Alzheimer's space if we could have a surrogate marker, actually, of efficacy.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah, as you know, solanezumab is an antibody that has a limited penetration to the brain, about 0.1%, and it binds free amyloid beta. BACE inhibitors, on the other hand, are oral agents that better penetrate the blood/brain barrier and prevents the formation of amyloid beta from the amyloid precursor protein. No real clinical comparisons have been made then on these agents. What actually happens with the amyloid contents overall in the brain realizing that the amyloid in the brain is probably in different forms, and yes, there is plaques which are very solid, but they're also then intermittent forms and free amyloid there. I think what we have seen in pre-clinical models is that the BACE molecules can reduce the amyloid load then in the various transgenic mice models. And the effects of solanezumab in those models have been more difficult I think to demonstrate in the same way. But you know, I think overall we will have to look at the clinical data in the end. Sola [solanezumab] has a very favorable safety profile if you look overall, even than compared to some other anti-amyloid antibodies, which are in development, whilst the safety of the BACE inhibitors, particularly in larger trials, have still to be proven. And recognizing that old-age Alzheimer's patients are fragile, and you need also very safe agents. So more to come.
Susan Mahony: Okay. With regards to the question on abemaciclib, we continue to believe that we could have a best-in-class CDK4/6 inhibitor, based on the differential potency of CDK4 and CDK6 based on the ability to continuously dose this agent and on the robust single-agent activity that we have seen. We have submitted the interim data for MONARCH 1, which is the single-agent Phase 2 single-arm study. We've submitted that to ASCO and we have a presentation at ASCO on the Friday. That is based on the eighth month interim analysis. We hope to have the final data before ASCO and to include that data in the presentation. Additionally, as you're aware, we have two Phase 3 trials ongoing, MONARCH 2 and MONARCH 3. The final data on those studies should be next year, although we do have interims planned for this year, and they are based on events.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. Thanks, Jami, for the question. Yeah, we are seeing an impact in the second line setting on Alimta and Cyramza from PD-1 uptake. And I think it's hard to say from a first line perspective what may or may not be the impact because there are a lot of questions that remain at this point in time. Will they be selected patients? There's a lot of combo studies ongoing, for example, with Alimta, and we have combination studies with Cyramza as well. So I think there's a lot of questions to be asked that we'll see over the coming months and years. I firmly believe that we will continue to have an important role for both Alimta and Cyramza and Portrazza in the non-mutated patient population. And what's going to be key going forward is really identifying those patients that benefit from particular agents and the role of combination therapies. Also I think of note it's important that as we're looking at our Cyramza sales, the majority of our Cyramza sales actually now are in the GI setting with both gastric and colorectal cancer. So I continue to see – although the lung space is going to continue to be increasingly competitive, we have plenty of opportunity to continue to grow in the other indications as well.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. With regards to the Alimta patent, in the U.S., as a reminder, we won our infringement and validity cases at the District Court. This has been appealed but we don't have a date set yet for the appeal, although we do anticipate that a decision would be expected towards the end of this year, as you said. With regards to guidance, we continue to actively defend our patent and believe that it is valid and would be infringed by the launch of generic products. That said, as we mentioned in our guidance call, we have been prudent in our guidance and it does contemplate the entry of at least one competitor with an alternate thought form diluted indexed rows across major European countries.
Susan Mahony: Steve, as I mentioned earlier, we have the interim eighth-month data. We are hoping to get that the final data and to present that at ASCO. We have breakthrough therapy designation on this, so we will work with the FDA regarding the best regulatory path forward. And of course we've got the two Phase 3 studies up and coming as well. I can't comment on specifics with regard to FDA discussions. They generally will look, as you know, at the totality of the data and we look forward to having discussions with them on this.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay, Jami. Thanks for your question. I think a bit of the irony to me is as we hear a lot of rhetoric about drug prices increasing sort of in the, I guess what you'd say the lay press, I don't think that there's ever been a time when there's been a more competitive – when this marketplace in the U.S. has ever been more competitive. And I think that means ultimately that medicines that provide clear differentiation and clear value propositions are going to fare better in the future here than medicines that can be easily commoditized, which really don't adequately differentiate themselves from lower-cost alternatives. Your question about is the 4% price, net price, we realized in the U.S. in the first quarter sustainable, well I think that's difficult to say. I mean, obviously there are different dynamics going on within different categories. For Lilly, I'd say, and for most companies, I think diabetes tends to be one of the most price-competitive parts of the business. I think we've seen that and felt that with respect to net-realized prices on our insulins, for example, over a rather prolonged period of time. I recently, I think in the Wall Street Journal piece, talked about Lilly's sort of net realized price, and clearly we get better pricing in commercial plans by far than we get from government programs where there's largely, based on the regulatory mandates, a much greater discount realized. So I think to answer your question, rather than to say there's going to be different pressure in different therapeutic areas, and I think it's going to come down more to the products that are competing against one another. And I think products really do differentiate themselves. We believe that a number of the products we're launching really do differentiate themselves and therefore while uptake, as you know, tends to be somewhat slower today based on getting listed on formularies because of the way the calendar often works, we nonetheless remain very optimistic about the prospects for those new products.
John C. Lechleiter: Yeah, so, Mark, thanks for your question. This is John. So this so-called Part B is a pilot pricing scheme which has been laid out by CMMI within CMS. We believe it's bad policy, and ultimately we believe it's bad medicine. This is – the term is pilot, but it's going to be virtually cover – it's going to cover everybody and it's going to essentially I think lay out an experiment on the backs of some very sick people who we want to make sure remain able to gain access to the medicines they need and not be directed toward a certain course of treatment based on how this formula is going to, in essence, change physician or potentially change physician prescribing behavior. So we've made it very clear that we're opposed to this. We've made our elected officials very clear that we're opposed to this, and we'll continue to fight it.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay, John. Thanks for your question. With respect to Japan, I think Lilly, first of all, I'd say Lilly is well-positioned in Japan. We've been one of the fastest-growing, if not the fastest growing company in Japan now for a number of years actually. And these recent new product launches are keeping us on a strong trajectory there. We are very concerned about the threat of annual repricing. The industry's been quite active in engaging with the policy makers in Japan. I myself have been engaged in that quite recently. Japan is seeing a more rapid uptake of generics. They're ahead of the time scale for generic adoption that was initially laid out by the government. We believe that, in combination with the current biennial price decreases, puts Japan on a trajectory to keep their drug costs essentially flat for the remainder of this decade and beyond. Now, of course there are macroeconomic considerations that the government is sort of building into the entire calculus there. They try to help the economy recover, but certainly part of that economic recovery – a key part of Abe's platform has been to actually develop and grow the indigenous biopharmaceutical industry there. So part of our messaging has also included the fact that without an opportunity to realize full value from the products that we do launch there. I think the emphasis on the discovery and development of innovative new medicines in Japan is going to suffer as well.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay. Thanks, Phil. We appreciate everyone's participation in today's earnings call and your interest in our company. Now, we hope you'll take part either live or via webcast in our Investor Event on May 24 in New York City. Last December in Boston we reviewed our Animal Health business and our broad R&D program in Alzheimer's disease. At our May 24 meeting, we'll review in detail our research and development efforts in oncology, diabetes, immunology and pain. We hope these periodic updates allow you to more fully appreciate the substantial opportunities before us and why we're bullish on our future. Finally, if you have questions we didn't address, as Phil said, please contact our IR team. They will be happy to help. Thanks and have a great day.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good, Phil. Well we are pretty enthusiastic about our prospects with Jardiance overall, not just in the U.S. but outside of the U.S. Probably the most significant aspect to our overall growth for this important product is going to be the overall class growth. We are pretty pleased with the type of share growth that we have seen when it comes to new patient share on total prescriptions, and there are indeed some dynamics at the beginning of the year when it comes to switching and so forth, but our overall access is very good. It's 85% plus in commercial and over 65% when it comes to Part D access. Now the one piece that we have a watch-out for is once again, when we look at the class growth, even though total prescriptions are still growing above 30%, 46% I believe year-to-date, when we look at new patient growth, that is basically in single digits. Now we may recall that last year we saw the class starting to slow its growth with some of the reports when it comes to DKA and so forth. With the EMPA-REG OUTCOME data, we saw some rebound in overall class growth when it comes to, once again, new patients. So overall I think we have to wait and see. Once again I think what I have shared is that it is critical that we see both a new label and new treatment guidelines on both of them. Each of them independently will represent important inflection points. I do want to provide a little bit of color on Jardiance outside of the U.S. because we are seeing some acceleration of the overall class growth outside of the U.S. and we see our share, whether it's Germany at over 30%, Spain at 22%, Italy at over 40%, and in the UK and Canada over 10% basically a few months after launch. All of the trends are very positive and we're actually very bullish when it comes to Jardiance overall.
Enrique A. Conterno: I did, yes. So, clearly, we are very excited about the opportunity to conduct both trials when it comes to heart failure for Jardiance. I'm not in a position at this stage as we're finalizing our protocols to comment on whether we're going to be looking at Entresto and so forth. As you can imagine, all of those are important considerations as we're finalizing that. Clearly, we are trying to expedite this trial as much as possible. We did see a very fast separation of the curves on EMPA-REG OUTCOME. Will that repeat itself in the heart failure trial, the hypothesis is likely yes, but we do need to conduct the trial and I don't want to speculate on what the indication will read like. We really need to conduct these trials and see what the results are, and then we can discuss more appropriately. I'm unable to provide a timing, but given what we've seen, you can expect that we're going to conduct this in an as expedited fashion as possible.
Enrique A. Conterno: Mark, first I have to say that the Blue Devils are planning to come back next year, okay? But on your question on oral GLP-1s, first just providing some context on Trulicity, because I think it's important as we look at the type of acceptance that the product is having right now. We're seeing excellent sequential growth; $74 million in Q3, $113 million in Q4 and $144 million in Q1 of 2016. Class growth is exceptional, higher than we had expected. You may recall before Trulicity launched, we were in high-single digits hovering around 10%. So we did see Trulicity as a catalyst for the growth of the overall class, and that has actually exceeded our expectations. And Derica spoke to this, about our share gains and so forth. We are now at 18% when we look at the total prescription growth. But probably the one element that I do want to share is that the feedback that we see from patients and physicians, from using the product from adopters of the product is truly exceptional. So, unprecedented rates in terms of overall satisfaction and reception of the product. Now, so what does that mean with we look at oral GLP-1s? We like where Trulicity stands. We do believe it's going to be a very important option long term for us, regardless of whether oral GLP-1s come into the market or not. Now Oral GLP-1s are going to have to show appropriate efficacy and tolerability. I think given the bio-availability of some of the options out there, you have to question what is going to be the relevance outside of the U.S from a cost of products sold; how profitable is that going to be? Now having said all of that, we do like oral GLP-1s but we are behind Novo. It is an area of interest and one that we are investing to try to catch up.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. Well, we are requesting an indication for Jardiance and Glyxambi. We do believe we have the data to be able to request that. I'm not going to speculate in terms of what the indication would read, but if it were just adding the data on the label from an efficacy perspective and so forth, it will really fall short of the expectations that we have. Now there are differences in terms of what we can do. And in terms of the value and how payers will see that and also in terms of how we will be able to promote the product. Of course we plan for different types of scenarios, but right now our expectation is that data warrants full indication for the product.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So we view in a positive way the CV result of liraglutide. We think this is going to have a huge positive overall – it's going to be a huge catalyst for the overall GLP-1 class. And we view it with optimism because of REWIND. You may recall that we have powered REWIND, our trial, our CV trial for Trulicity, is powered for superiority. We expect to have an interim look sometime later this year and the trial is expected to be concluded sometime in late 2018. Before I can comment on any type of near-term impact, I'd like to see the data, which is going to be released in detail at ADA.
Derica W. Rice: Well, Mark, I rooted for the Hoosiers and I actually serve on the Board of Trustees, so my roots run deep.
Derica W. Rice: Steve, we continue to feel very good about the underlying fundamentals of our business. We continue to execute very well and very consistently with the guidance that we shared at the beginning of this year. So from our perspective, everything continues to be on track, and really spurred by the uptake of the new product launches that we've been talking about. In regards to the change in guidance, it really was just two things. One, we made some assumptions at the beginning of the year about the FX rate. While it's a headwind, it's been a bit less of a headwind than we had anticipated, so it has a line item impact, but not a bottom line impact. What drove the EPS change is really the discrete tax benefit that we received in the first quarter, and we're essentially saying that should carry through for the year. So that combined with the continuation of our strong underlying business fundamentals is what gave us the confidence to raise our guidance for the year.
Derica W. Rice: John, in regards to your gross margin question regarding the impact of our insulin agenda or tech agenda, it's about, we anticipate about an $80 million benefit for the full year 2016. But also recall in addition to that, the fact that we can utilize our current footprint also allows us to have significant capital avoidance, meaning that we do not have to build a new bulk insulin manufacturing facility, and that would be in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
