Joe Fletcher: Thank you, Lois. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q4 2022 Earnings Call. I'm Joe Fletcher. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo at Lilly; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly USA. We're also joined by Mike Sprengnether, Kento Ueha and Lauren Zierke from the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and conclude our call in a timely manner. [Operator Instructions] Lois, please go ahead and provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Great. Thank you, Geoff. So we'll go to Dan for the question on SURMOUNT-4 and duration of tirzepatide and then to Mike on the question of how the prescriber base from Mounjaro compares to Trulicity. 
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Terence. I think I'll hand over to Anat for commentary on your manufacturing question and then to Mike on the question about whether there's been any payer conversations on obesity.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks Steve. I'll go to Anat for the question on the tax rate assumptions, and then I'll go to Dan for your LP little a question.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks Chris for the question. Mike, we'll go to you for that question on the, I guess cannibalization from Trulicity figure and how that will progress.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks Trung for the question. Mike over to you again comment on these recent guidelines that were put out. 
Joe Fletcher: Thanks Carter for the question. I'm actually going to hand this over to Ilya Yuffa, who's our President of Lilly International to comment on the European austerity measures.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Mike. And Lois, I think we have one final question in the queue. So let's go to the last question.
Dave Ricks: Thanks Dan. Before we move to Q&A, let me summarize the progress we made during 2022. We delivered strong revenue growth in our core business, propelled by our key growth products. We launched Mounjaro for patients with type two diabetes, while advancing and expanding our development program for tirzepatide, including the start of the SURMOUNT-MMO outcome study and the initiation of a rolling submission for chronic weight management. In 2022, we submitted regulatory applications for important pipeline products like mirikizumab, pirtobrutinib and lebrikizumab. And in 2023, we've already received approval for Jaypirca and are poised to advance donanemab in the regulatory process assuming positive data from the TRAILBLAZER-ALZ-2 Phase III study. In addition, we continue to invest in our pipeline, our capacity, our capabilities and our people. Finally, we returned $5 billion to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchases. And for the fifth consecutive year, announced a 15% dividend increase for 2023. With continued growth in Mounjaro and our key products, including Verzenio, Jardiance and Taltz, we expect our core business revenue to grow by mid-teens in 2023. We are energized by the launch opportunities before us this year and no strong launch execution is key to our long-term success. Taken together, we believe that we are well positioned to deliver top-tier revenue growth through at least 2030 and to deliver on Lilly's mission to make life better for people around the world. So now, I'll turn it over to Joe to moderate the Q&A session.
Dave Ricks: Maybe just to add -- Steve add on the LP little a comment. I think we feel good about where we are with that. But just on the tax thing, there is a difference here where you described it as adverse or beneficial, right? From a GAAP and non-GAAP accounting, of course, it's a benefit on EPS growth. But actually from a cash perspective, it goes the other way. So we just wanted to be clear upfront, because it's not a one-way benefit we're taking early in the year. There's an adverse cash impact throughout the year and a positive effect on the P&L. It's a little bit different from maybe past assumptions we've made. Lois, next question.
Dave Ricks: Great. I think that's the last question. I appreciate the questions across the portfolio. And we appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in our company. 2022 was another productive year for the company, and we generated strong financial results and delivered important pipeline progress in each of our core therapeutic areas on behalf of the patients we serve. We aim to continue our momentum in 2023 and execute on the meaningful launch and pipeline opportunities that we have ahead of us. So thanks for dialing in, and please follow up with IR, if you have questions that we didn't get to you today. Have a great day.
Mike Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think the best way to answer that is to take a look at what we saw as kind of our Mounjaro paid scripts in Q4 and then how we think that will progress over '23. In the fourth quarter, we classify about 40% of Mounjaro scripts as paid, which we defined as patients that aren't supported by our $25 non-coverage savings program. In our savings program, as we discussed at launch was designed to bridge people living with type 2 diabetes to access. As we discussed in the Q3 earnings call, we have adjusted a program to better ensure, it's being used for people living only with type 2 diabetes. These adjustments included removing our $25 non-covered benefit from our savings card for new patients. We didn't make any adjustments for existing patients who are seeing these cards are set to expire on June of this year, June 30. As expected, these changes have reduced new patient start volume, while increasing the percent of new patients with a history of diabetes treatments and the percent with formulary coverage. I think the way I would look at our savings program right now for new patients is that, we have graduated from the bridging program and now are kind of the type of savings program, really focused on covered patients that you would do in kind of a normalized cycle of a product. So thus we expect that Mounjaro's percent of paid scripts and a net revenue per script to increase through 2023, as we continue to increase access and grow new starts. We remain disciplined in our access discussions so we can maximize long-term value. From the start, our value our approach was to make sure that we capture value in the long-term versus the short term and we've remained very disciplined on that. We have just over 50% access for lives in Part D and commercial segments for people living with type 2 diabetes We're very pleased where we're at on the access front and where the way our contracting has turned out at this point. So hopefully that helps provide some color to our gross to net in Q4. Thanks.
Mike Mason: Yes, thanks for the question. I can't get into roles about our net price for obvious reasons but maybe I'll address the question this way. I mean if you look at – when we have - when we reach – we think we'll reach broad access for Mounjaro and reach ultimately similar access levels that we have for Trulicity. There's nothing differently about how we'll promote or how to support patients on Mounjaro versus Trulicity. So at the end of the day it will come down to our net price negotiations with payers. We believe that Mounjaro has a better profile. We invest a lot of innovation in there. And we do believe that it should have a better net price than Trulicity.
Mike Mason: Yes, no hard data yet on that. But qualitatively what we hear is what patients who've used Mounjaro, what they like and what they realize once they start using it is that it really does reduce the appetite, and they enjoy the benefits of reducing appetite. It helps them lose their -- lose weight and stop being as consumed as much during today about 80%. And we do know that when -- what we heard from our investigators and our studies is that when people stop taking Mounjaro that their appetite goes back to the level, it was before. So that's something very noticeable something that a patient values from taking the therapy and then when they stop the therapy, they then see this reversed. And so we do believe that people are going to stop, and see if they can lose weight if they can great. But I do think that they're going to see a very powerful signal very quickly to reinforce going back on the product. So I do think that will help reinforce the chronic use of tirzepatide for type two diabetes, and eventually for obesity if we get approved. The question on Trulicity. Mounjaro if you look at Mounjaro's use right now and compare it to how many customers are using that versus Trulicity at this time, it's a lot broader population than we saw with Trulicity is because the market is a lot bigger a lot more people are riding the treatment. If you compare Mounjaro to the number of Trulicity riders today there are more people riding Trulicity just, because it's been on the market longer. They've gone through the adoption curve and Trulicity has better access, access and especially in Medicaid that drives additional prescribers to use that. So overall I'd say the Mounjaro is within the universe of the doctors who write Trulicity at this point. 
Mike Mason: Yeah. I think a good thing to focus on is access and obesity. I mean you look at the massive size of the obesity market 110 million people in the US, 650 million people globally but you really see that the historically that the obesity market has really been slow to develop. And it's really because the treatments haven't been adequate. So, the kind of – the question we had going into this market, was if a safe and efficacious treatment was developed would consumers and health care professionals and payers be interested in using it? Well, based on what we've seen in the marketplace over the past year and on a market research it's clear that consumers and health care professionals will adopt an efficacious safe anti-obesity medication if patients can have access to it. So it does come down to payer access, and we're highly focused on doing that. Noble recently stated in their call that 40 million Americans have access to obesity and the way, they talked about it what's payer access and employers opting into that. So if that's where we're at today that would be a great starting point for access. We're deep into conversations with payers to understand the market and all that. Access discussions haven't started yet, but will shortly. But our focus long term is to improve access for diabetes medications. We are investing significantly to demonstrate the potential health outcome benefits, where people using tirzepatide, who live with obesity. We're also investing in Phase III programs for people, who live with obesity and sleep apnea, or heart failure and they should unlock large segments access for people who live with obesity in commercial and we hope Part D. In addition, in my career, I've seen the power of consumer interest in helping to improve access for medication. And what we've seen over the last year is that, people who live with obesity are highly engaged and willing to do much access effective treatments. They will have an important walls with employers and the congressional representative advocate for access. So, while I think it will take time to establish our ultimate actions goal, I'm more encouraged than ever are potential unlock the obesity market and help a lot of people. So I'm encouraged, but obviously a lot of work still to be done.
Mike Mason: Yes. That's a good question. I mean first of all, I don't think it's a binary point where all payers are looking for that outcome in order to provide access. I think you're going to see a lot of payers you already see a lot of payers who can provide access for that. And we have an extensive Phase 3 program only in CV outcomes but also the sleep apnea and heart failure to begin to really talk about heart outcomes for many patients who live with obesity. With the CV outcomes that we have today, I mean we're quite confident in our program and based on what we see with surrogate risk reduction and blood pressure and lipids, we're fairly confident in our CV profile as well as what we saw with the SURPASS data and our meta-analysis in the SURPASS program. So I won't give you the exact number, but I think we're pleased with where we're at. And I think we'll be able to demonstrate outcomes that payers will be excited about.
Mike Mason: Okay. Yeah, I mean on that nothing has changed over what we had talked about earlier that less than 10% of our scripts we get four Mounjaro comfort Trulicity. That hasn't changed over time. It's still a little bit less than 10%.
Mike Mason: Okay. Sure. Yes, good question. I mean, it's going to take less late action in order to allow diabetes medications to be covered on Medicare Part D. So there is the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act. The acronym for that is TROA. And there's a large growing bipartisan support for TROA, a little over 100 congressmen, senators, people senators are behind the program. And it's growing more and more support across Washington. We're eager to see an advanced list process. It would be great for the company country. America needs to take action and drastic reduce the number of people in the DC and this oscillation would be an important step for this goal. We'll support the translation and continue to work, to advocate for it. 
Mike Mason: Yes. Thanks. I mean this is a significant unmet need. Back to the question that we asked earlier about the Treat Reduce Obesity Act. We need to prove the health of America. We have too many people who live with obesity in the US and that includes unfortunately adolescents and feeds. So, I think they took the right action in order to really identify this as an issue that healthcare professionals do need to pay close attention to. We obviously always advocate for diet and exercise is the first approach of this. But if that's not successful then you really only option at that point is medication treatment. We do think it's important and responsible for us to test the appetite in feed and adolescents and we have activity ongoing to do that.
Mike Mason: Yes. Good questions. On the IRA side of it, it will benefit patients who live with diabetes who use GLPs and are Medicare Part D the outpace cost will go down. We have I would say a small or moderate impact on GLP sales or just probably lower rates of abandonment than what we'd see at higher out-of-pocket costs. As it comes to the oral DPP4 the perceptions of oral DPP-4 have really declined over the last five years and really being replaced by ST2s and GLP lose. So I don't see much of an impact of DPP-4s going off path in the US or other markets. 
Dan Skovronsky: Thanks, Colin for your question on future mechanisms for treating obesity. I can assure you we're not done innovating on behalf of people with obesity. There's a lot we can still do. I think keep your eyes open for more to come from Lilly labs on incretins and related types of mechanisms, but also broadly interested in a variety of new non-incretins-based mechanisms. You specifically asked about one mitochondrial uncoupling but there are several others, I think that also have promise for patients. I just sort of put a note of caution though treating obesity we need to have a very high bar for the types of medicines we develop, remembering that this is a chronic often lifetime disease and highly prevalent population. We need medicines that first and foremost are extremely safe and really highly well tolerated for patients. So that's what we're looking for in future mechanisms.
Dan Skovronsky: Thanks, Seamus. I'll get started. Maybe Mike wants to add on some of the marketplace questions. But clearly obesity is a huge problem in the US and around the world. I think 100 million Americans potentially with obesity and reaching one billion people around the world pretty soon. That's probably not a market that even all of the interested companies could address solely with injectables. So just given the scope of the problem around the world we're going to need orals. Ultimately it's our goal to have orals that can match the safety tolerability and efficacy of injectables. I think our oral GLP-1 is our first attempt in this space and has really good prospects for meeting that initial goal. But then noting of course that the injectables are going to get better over time and the orals will catch up as well. The second part of your question was how do the orals catch up. And I think you're sort of alluding to an obvious issue, which is right now our oral GLP-1 and other orals in the space are single mechanism, single incretin agonists. I think, we've seen with great drugs like Trulicity and competitive products what single agonist against GLP-1 can achieve. It's not as good, I think, as what can be achieved with dual agonism for tirzepatide or hopefully even triple agonism with GGG. And so you can bet, we're working on oral solutions that can bring additional incretin activity to patients in a pill. Nothing ready to disclose today but we're working hard. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Maybe I'll answer the second part of the question first, which is around, why did the FDA issue the CRL. I think that the FDA regulations actually suggest that FDA should list all deficiencies in the CRL. We were pretty explicit copying some of the FDA's own words here to investors about what was in the CRL. It didn't discuss issues like ARIA it was focused on the 12-month exposure. So nothing further to speculate there. I think your question on rates of ARIA-E and ARIA-H comparing across drugs is a complicated one. We did this head-to-head study against aducanumab. I think it's important to use studies like that to compare rates of ARIA, because we've learned that grades of ARIA are highly dependent on the type of patients who enroll the stage of disease and underlying pathology, baseline characteristics of their brain scans, which are different across lecanemab trials and genetimib trials, as well as exactly how you do the MRIs and read them. So I'm personally not going to get worked up about rates of asymptomatic radiographic-only ARIA in any drug. I don't think anyone really understands what that means. What we should be focused on though is rates of symptomatic ARIA. So patients who have ARIA that turns into something they experience, not just a radiographic binding and particularly rates of serious adverse events resulting ARIA. We know that in some patients ARIA can be dangerous even fatal as we've seen from lecanemab experiences. So that's what we'll be looking out for. I think we still have all the caveats about cross-trial comparisons here, but it's a bit easier to compare those symptomatic or serious events. I think in TRAILBLAZER-1 our numbers were very similar to other members of the class. In TRAILBLAZER-4, the numbers look very, very good for that. And we'll wait and see what we have in TRAILBLAZER-2. The level of concern over that is not high.
Dan Skovronsky: Okay. I'll start with the LP little a question. We have two LP little a programs, so maybe the easiest one to comment on first is the oral program. This is a first-in-class I think, probably the only one in clinic here. An oral medication against this target is really a huge feat of molecular engineering. I'm super excited to see the data from this molecule developed and obviously, the market opportunity for an oral drug for such a widespread condition is very important. In terms of the siRNA, you're right to note that a competitor is ahead of us and really just starting the CVOT study. It's a long road to get these drugs to market with outcome studies are needed here to show the benefit. I probably don't get into our differentiation strategy. But, of course, we have some ideas here and we'll move as quickly as possible. I don't see this as a winner take all space.
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks. Clearly I think there's a lot we can learn from competitor readouts here. And so looking at lecanemab data in our eyes, I think it actually further validates an endpoint like ADAS. If you just look at the forest bot for example there's a lot more homogeneity in effect on an endpoint like ADAS versus CDR Sum of Boxes. So we feel more confident I would say than ever before that endpoint like that is the right way to go. On the other hand I think the -- you could take the position that since lecanemab hit CDR Sum of Boxes people might say, well then it's achievable and you guys should do it too. So there's some pushes and some takes there. But on the whole still feeling good about ADAS as a primary outcome. When you ask though what happens if you hit one outcome and not the other. That's surely a difficult situation to be in. We want to understand why that happened. If that were to happen where the irregularities in CDR Sum of Boxes that could explain it what did the rest of the secondaries look like. Always best to hit all of your outcomes in a clinical trial. Feeling that you want to hit your primary in as many secondaries as possible. So let's wait and see.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. I think ,you've got it basically, right. Remternetug is a new medicine, a new molecule, but it's an antibody against the same type of epitope that donanemab has which is this N3pG form of a beta. So a very equivalent mechanism of action. Maybe a little better potency and certainly better drug properties including, no ADAs and formulation things. So the rationale here is to give improved dosing options to patients. Could we get even faster plaque clearance, could it be with fewer doses, could it be subcutaneous. Those are the types of things, that we're currently exploring. The Phase III is designed with a bit of a run-in, were in that portion right now to finalize our dosing strategy and then expand it. Obviously, if donanemab is disappointing there would be read-through remternetug. On the other hand, if donanemab exceeds expectations, I would expect that to read through as well. 
