David Ricks: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company’s first quarter 2018 earnings call. I’m Dave Ricks, Lilly’s Chairman and CEO. Joining me on today’s call are Josh Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer; and Enrique Conterno, the President of Lilly Diabetes and Lilly USA; Dr. Sue Mahony, President of Lilly Oncology; Christi Shaw, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; and Jeff Simmons, President of our Elanco Animal Health. We’re also joined by Kristina Wright, Jim Heaney, Kevin Hern and Phil Johnson of the Investor Relations team. We also joined for the first time by Dan Skovronsky, our incoming President of Lilly Research Laboratories. Dan is succeeding Dr. Jan Lundberg who retires at the end of May. Jan has been key to our success as we navigated the years YZ and return to growth for the series of successful products. We want to thank Jan for his all contributions to our company.  During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 3 and those outlined in our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community only. It is not intended to be promotional and it is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. 2018 is off to a good start. With first quarter revenue growth of 9%, which we leveraged into a 29% non-GAAP operating income growth and 37% non-GAAP EPS growth. New pharmaceutical products continue to be the drivers of our worldwide revenue growth. Led by Trulicity, Basaglar, Jardiance and Taltz, with growth in both US and international markets where launches continue to scale up. New product growth more than offset revenue declines resulting from loss of exclusivity on a number of established products. In addition, we continue to expand our margins this quarter. Excluding the effect of FX, our international inventory sold non-GAAP gross margin as a percent of revenue increased by nearly 70 basis points over Q1 of 2017.  And non-GAAP operating income as a percent of revenue increased by 775 basis points to 30.4%. Pipeline progress this quarter also included approval in launch of an additional indication and first line metastatic breast cancer for Verzenio based on the MONARCH 3 data. Positive Phase 3 studies of Taltz for ankylosing spondylitis, the positive Phase 3 study for Cyramza at high AFP patients with second line liver cancer. And the initiation of a Phase 3 study for Trulicity in 3 mg and 4.5 mg doses.  While we are pleased that the FDA Arthritis Advisory Committee supported the efficacy of both the 2-mg and 4-mg of baricitinib in RA and 2-mg overall, we are disappointed that the committee did not recommend approval of the 4-mg dose. We are confident in the benefit-risk profile of both baricitinib 2-mg and 4-mg for the treatment of patients with RA, supported by the clinical data generated to-date, and by the experience in more than 40 countries in which both doses are approved and available. We'll continue to work with the FDA on this important application. In terms of capital deployment, we announced a strategic collaboration with Sigilon to develop encapsulated cell therapies for the treatment of type 1 diabetes. We purchased $1.1 billion of stock and returned nearly $600 million via the dividend. And we are making expected progress on Elanco strategic review and still anticipate sharing our conclusions on our Q2 earnings call this July.  Slide 5 contains more detail on key events since our January earnings call. Now I would like to the turn call over to Joshua to review our Q1 results and provide an update on our financial guidance for 2018. 
David Ricks: Thanks Joshua. Slide 15 shows select NME and NILEX as of April 20th movement since our last earnings call include the approval of baricitinib for the first line treatment of metastatic breast cancer in the US. A Phase 3 starts for Trulicity in 3 mg and 4.5 mg doses. A Phase 1 starts for the IL-23 CGRP biospecific antibody for immunology. While we have attrition of the Phase 2 base inhibitor molecule as monotherapy, the trial and combination with the N3pG antibody continues, and we look forward to seeing results in this novel trial design. We also discontinued our abemaciclib pancreatic cancer study. You'll see we've combined our NME and NILEX pipeline into one view. In terms of NILEX, we have a robust set of lifecycle opportunities for recently launched products, which we expect will continue to bolster the growth prospects for important brands like Trulicity, Taltz, Verzenio, Olumiant and Jardiance. These products are well positioned in some of the largest and fastest growing categories. In our dressing areas of high unmet medical need. Key NILEX opportunities include AxSpA for Taltz, atopic dermatitis for Olumiant, adjuvant breast cancer for Verzenio. The 3 mg and 4.5 mg dose study for Trulicity and heart failure for Jardiance, which is in collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim. On Slide 16, we highlight expected key events for 2018. In addition to noting the US approval of Verzenio for first line metastatic breast cancer, we've indicated the data disclosure of the keynote 189 study at AACR which showed that Alimta, in combination with Keytruda plus platinum chemotherapy reduced the risk of death by half compared with chemotherapy alone as first-line treatment in metastatic, non-squamous, non small cell lung cancer patients. The overall survival benefit was robust regardless of PDL-1 expression status. We also announced last week that the Cyramza Phase 3 study in bladder cancer did not reach statistical significance in the secondary endpoint of overall survival. There are many events to look forward to in 2018, notably the expected regulatory action for US baricitinib, galcanezumab, Verzenio and Alimta. We also look forward to the data readout of the second phase 3 study of Taltz in ankylosing spondylitis. The readout of the rewind study for Trulicity, and the initiation of several phase 3 studies including our anti IL-23 for ramucirumab for psoriasis and ulcerative colitis. Before we go to the Q&A session, let me briefly sum up the progress we've made this quarter. In Q1, new products accounted for 25% of total revenue, and nearly 30% of our human pharma revenue. Volume grew in our human Pharma business by 4% despite recent patent expirations. And when excluding the strategic exits, our animal health business returned to positive performance growth. We realized significant efficiencies in our cost structure leading to operating margin expansion of 775 basis points excluding FX. And we have main pipeline progress this quarter with the launch of Verzenio in the first line metastatic breast cancer in the US. The launch of Taltz for psoriatic arthritis in Germany and positive phase 3 data for new indications for both Taltz and Cyramza.  Finally, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchase. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'll turn the call over to Phil Johnson to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Yes. Thanks, Greg. Obviously, big topic drug pricing. I mean it's hard to speculate exactly what the administration will say or do, but I think I can comment on what pharmas position has been and Lilly's as well, which is as it relates to a leading pain at the pharmacy counter and reducing the burden of list prices that consumers pay at the counter, we've been long been proponents of rebate pass-through, both in commercial plans and Part D. And I think the most important action that the administration could take would be to create either set of experiments or mandate a rebate pass-through for patients in the Part D program. This would I think immediately impact seniors cash flow and pocketbook, as well as I think helped to normalize the incentives on gross to net spread. So that I would be personally surprise if that wasn't part of the commentary, and that's something we've long stood for. So that would be I think a positive development from our perspective. The HHS Secretary has commented on Part B and the lack of market mechanism there. I would expect that to be a topic of discussion. And then we do see increased desire under this administration to approve waivers for Medicaid, giving states flexibility in a variety of forms to manage their own programs. And I would expect to see more of that. Finally, we worked closely with this administration on trade agenda to balance the incentives that foreign markets have to suppress drug pricing which are primarily exports from the US. We've had some early signs of success there with the Korea free trade agreement. We'll keep on that. I think long term, US needs to use is trading power to help equalize that sharing across sort of advertising the R&D expense that it takes to create the new innovations, which are becoming even more frequently from the industry. So we watch that carefully and continue advocate for pro innovation, pro patient choice, as well as policies that can make sure that this innovation, this industry can continue innovate and prosper for years to come. So all those topics are front of mind and will keep working out, Greg. 
David Ricks: And then John I don't think here in the room we have numbers on the patients that are in some of the overseas registries for follow-up. I think Dan you do have some information on the clinical trial program and the number of patients and patient years exposure.
David Ricks: I would just say we're highly committed to use balance sheet to expand our portfolio with BD, we've talk about clinical stage assets and particular and oncology's the number one target. So, Jeff I wouldn't read through the relative lack of activity most recently as any signs that we're change our conviction. Of course, we need to look at each idea and make sure make sense for us to only make sure we like sciences and valuations are appropriate. But as we'll be discipline on those matters but strategically we understand, we need to be active externally and you can count us. If you need to look at all available choices that to our pipeline in particular in oncology.
David Ricks: Okay. I am just going to add I guess there was another question about using for the CGRP antibodies in refractory patients. Just to point out that all of our phase-3 pivotal studies had patients who failed on at least two other modalities. So that's likely the indication I'm not sure if that has a big commercial bearing because those patients who have had - are chronic migrainers or episodic migrainers have tried many other things. So I think the pool of available patients for prevention will be there. The data in our program and I believe all the competitors is on to failures and despite that and the data we’re present today is incredibly strong, large extent of patients have at least 50% reduction in headache days per month. 
David Ricks: Yes. Thanks, Dave. I did glance at that interview with Steve Miller this morning. I was really happy to see this Express Scripts is now for value-based pricing. Of course, we've been for this kind of construct for years because we believe in the performance of our products and I think in the case of migraine drugs and many other drugs. Diabetes, other autoimmune drugs even in oncology I think we're willing to enter into these discussions. The point about lower list prices is a little bit moods, I think the idea that the price varies in a value-based scheme based on actual product performance I think that's the key piece. So the value determination we will need to do it's difficult to comment specifically on launched products, would we trust the PDMs? Well, I think we worked closely with all the major payers in the US. I am happy to see the ESI is now changing their view and supportive of this kind of construct. We'd be happy to work with them on it. 
David Ricks: Sure. So just on the rebate through. As it relates to the Part D program. We've done modeling ourselves as well as pharma. And I know CMS has as well. Then it isn't free as you point out. But as Scott has been saying his podium speeches lately we somehow device a system where the fixed subsidized well. And I think there is something ethically wrong with that. I think there is going to census about that even among PVM apparently. So the idea will be that premiums would modestly grow across Part D program. We're talking $1 or $2 per member per month is probably all that's necessary. In exchange for passing through some portion not a 100%. But some portion of rebates to consumers in the Part D program in particular when they're exposed to the donut hole and beyond that their share of traffic side. So that's the basic idea. In that model, I think Part D plan providers will just be make a trade- off which is slightly higher premiums in exchange for maybe pass through. And of course that math requires some assumptions about how much rebates pass through. Our position is that it needs to be well more than half. Both to reduce the [Indescernible] of middle man and manufacturers to raise fewer prices, which I think is a positive objective here, as well as to meaningful out of pocket, savings at the point of sale. In correction plan, the dynamics are a little bit different, but here I think the ultimate decider will be the ultimate payers which are commercial payers like our company and other Fortune 500 companies. I think they are the market makers not the PVMs. And I think if they decide that employees would like to have rebate pass through in their plans as a matter of competition for labor that's what will happen. And Lilly's made that choice for instance already and the PVMs we use are implementing it. And as the second question was the European pricing. And I think if you look at big markets like China, Japan and Germany. And then compare that to government pricing in the U.S. a blend of Medicaid DoD, BA and part D, I think most policy makers would be surprised to find that the US government pricing is really not that different across commonly used medications from those major markets. If you change the market basket, you include share single payer models that particularly market with where they have a lot of layers of approval which have the effective beating down manufacturing pricing or use long delay periods which erode IT et cetera. It's less of fair competition but I mentioned China and Japan, Germany is the next three biggest market. But also a relatively rapid market introduction closes to regulatory approval. And I think there are important apples-to-apples comparisons. That time analysis I think you should expect the pharma group to do more off as we continue through this regulatory phase of price reform. I think it will shed a favorable light on the kind of deals that the US government gets today. 
David Ricks: Thanks, Phil. We appreciate all of your participation in today's earnings call. And your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. Our strong first quarter results represent continued progress on top line and bottom line growth prospects. And we've raised our guidance as a result. We have a broad portfolio of new products with many lifecycle opportunities driving top line growth. Hopefully for years to come. And we are executing on our significant margin expansion opportunities. Together with the strong pipeline, Lilly continues to be a compelling investment. Please follow up with our Investor Relations team if your questions we have not addressed on today's call. That concludes the call. Have a great day everyone. 
Phil Johnson: Thank you, Dave. We would like to take questions from as many callers as possible during the Q&A session. So we do ask that you limit your questions to two or to a single two-part question. Lia, you can provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we're ready for the first caller.
Phil Johnson: Great, John. Thank you for the questions. So Christi if you want to start with the Taltz question and then we'll figure out who's going to be best position here to give some of the numbers on the patient years exposures for Olumiant and the clinical trial program.
Phil Johnson: Great, Tim. Thank you for the question. So Christi to you for the question on Taltz, IL-23 versus IL-17 and then Enrique over to you for your first question of the day on the GIP/GLP.
Phil Johnson: Meecham, thank you for the question. And Enrique will go to you for the first two questions with Trulicity and Jardiance. And then the Christi over to you for a question on 2 mg dose for baricitinib commercial implication.
Phil Johnson: Chris. Thank you for the question. Just to understand the second question. You mentioned mix being sustainable, is that specific to Humalog or that more broadly focused across the portfolio products in the U.S.
Phil Johnson: Okay, thank you, Dave. And then back to question that John Boris had asked but we did not have a data for. Thank you to Olumiant team for providing that we now have 11,500 patients' years of exposure with baricitinib. And when you add in the post approval exposures. Lia, we can go to next caller please.
Phil Johnson: Okay, thank you for the questions, Tony. Christi we will go to you for the galcanezumab and how we intend to succeed in that market place. And over to Sue for the question on immuno biology biospecifics et cetera.
Phil Johnson: Great, Vamil. Thank you for the question. So Christi we'll go to you for both the baric, atopic term question, as well as where you see CGRP potentially being used.
Phil Johnson: Okay. So Dan if you wouldn't mind talking about some of the safety profiles for a CGRP monoclonal antibody as well as Lasmiditan. Christi, if you could then get the second part of that piece of the question that was how we see Lasmiditan being used relative to oral CGRPs potentially and then if you could go over again the Taltz specialty pharmacy buying patterns that we've seen in effect of this quarter’s revenues proposal. 
Phil Johnson: Great, thank you, Dave. Well, the article you're referencing was specific to CGRPs. Your question really more of a policy question. So Dave if you would mind taking the first part of Dave Risinger question then Enrique over to you for the Trulicity rewind, timing of internal readout and top-line press release relative to presentation to medical media. 
Phil Johnson: And Dave, just to be clear the city.gov date that you cite is the expectation for the last event. Obviously, with it being event-driven there is uncertainty around that. Even once we have the last event occur that would trigger then the analysis to be done. It does take a number of months to go ahead and get all that final visits and data into the system clean and validate the database, and then run our tables, figures and listings and report out. So Lia, if we can go to the next caller please. 
Phil Johnson: Great, Christi. You want to go ahead and answer the question related to the launch two and four et cetera and maybe Josh if you want to comment on expectations versus 2020. 
Phil Johnson: Umer. Thank you for the question. So Enrique on the recently initiated study for Trulicity using some higher doses and then Jeff back to you for some animal health dynamics with Posilac and Optaflexx. 
Phil Johnson: Jason, thank you for the question. So Sue, we go to you for Verzenio question and then Christi over to you for the question on CGRP first mover advantage. 
Phil Johnson: Thank you for the question. And Enrique, if you would like to comment on the first question on the lower than expected Medicaid utilization. And then over to you Sue on the pancreatic cancer trial.
Phil Johnson: Great. Thank you. I think we've gotten through 17 different types of questions. And it sounds like there are no more folks in the queue. So I'll turn it over to David Ricks to close our session. And Lia after that you can provide the replay instructions.
Christi Shaw: So outside the US over 40 countries you have both the 2 and 4 mg approved. And the majority of the use is in the 4 mg with remarkable efficacy, really patients getting their lives back and the safety continues to hold up that we see no new signals that are different than what we submitted to the FDA. And will continue I think yesterday's ADCOM showed for sure the unanimous vote on the efficacy of the 4 mg is important to patients in the US. So we want both the 2 and the 4 mg approved in the US for those patients.
Christi Shaw: Sure. I mean, first of all, what I would say is thank goodness for patience we have so many more newer medications that are providing such higher efficacy. So IL-23, IL-17, they are going to be great for patients and it's going to spend the time to tap into that older market where the older TNS really lack efficacy relatively speaking. So the other thing is patients really churn through different modalities, each patient might need something different, they response to one and not the other, so we're really confident glad that we have both in our portfolio and we believe there will be specific patients for each. Specific to Taltz, as we look at the future the very short-term, not only is the psoriatic arthritis indication starting to kick off, these are dermatology really move in the first quarter and we think it's due to the psoriatic arthritis s indication really solidifying that efficacy there, but we also have our own head-to-head psoriatic arthritis readout later this year versus Humira, and then we have our ankylosing spondylitis data too that we have one of two studies that have completed. The second will be at the end of this year. So a lots happening with Taltz and we feel very good about our chances are winning the market place.
Christi Shaw: Thanks Geoff for the question. I think you saw yesterday the reinforcement by everyone with the 4 milligram dose is really needed for patients from an efficacy standpoint. So our goal is to actually have both doses available and we continue to study both the 2 and the 4 milligrams and other studies that are ongoing. 
Christi Shaw: Sure, so specifically the inventory change we saw was about $32 million quarter four and quarter one. And if we look at the price dynamics and volume growth, ours volume growth and as we look to the future, if patients really need the best medications out there, we haven't seen a strong need yet to significantly rebate. I know Novartis in its call said that on their but that's not the same case for us.
Christi Shaw: Sure, So, Tony thanks for the question. I think this is an area where migraine patient haven't had and an option for few decades, and here we are with the couple of agents coming out quickly together. So, first of all, I think the really good thing to really have a couple of companies activating these patients. So, the first piece is who is going to be better at the consumer driven area, the direct to consumer. And I think our chance is there are very good and we have a history of that. On the day specifically, we have 50%, 75% and 100% measurements endpoint and we are the only one is actually showing at 10% to 15% of the patient have the ability will be free of migraine totally. The other think we have is the galca is fast and durable. We see results as early as month one and we see the results continue through the 12 months that we've looked at. You were right, we do have the cluster data coming up and nothing has ever worked in this type of migraine and if we do it'll be a huge win for patients and obviously is then good for differentiating galcanezumab. So our second half launch, we're well prepared for to be competitive and we think we have some differentiation there. 
Christi Shaw: Sure. So baricitinib you know each disease they have its own benefit risk ratio so if you look at what we're studying our phase 2 data with Lupus. We have both the two and the four milligram. If you look at atopic derm, the data that we read out in phase two, the two milligram did work; it just took a little bit longer. So whether it’s two or four you know we know the patients will get better there. So each disease, they really have its own dosing and for rheumatoid arthritis we strongly believe the two and four milligrams needs to be available in the US as it is in over 40 countries. On the CGRP side, we expect patients to cycle through the generics and most of them already have there's like 4 to 5 million patients that are on preventatives and then there we believe there's a few million more that aren't on preventative and should be. So we have every expectation that there'll be a requirement for them to have used for example triptan before they; they go on to a CGRP, but we do expect it will compete well versus Botox. I mean getting 21 to 24 injections in your around your head for doesn't seem as good as having a monthly injection if I’m a patient. So I think we have an advantage there and they have the same hurdles from an access standpoint. So I believe that usage will come and we’re already talking to payers about how we make sure that access is available to the patients that need it. 
Christi Shaw: Sure. I think that's one of the big advantages that we bring in the marketplace is a platform that we're building for pain. So we have the prevention and galcanezumab, the treatment in Lasmiditan and then we have Tanezumab coming. With the mechanism of action Lasmiditan is different than the oral CGRPs. And if we look at patients not everyone responds to the same agent. So we believe that they'll be used similarly for an acute phase and that not all patients will respond to one or the other. So obviously our goal would be to win in that marketplace and position ourselves well for that. But we're working on the package to submit later this year. And then on the Forteo question, I'm sorry the Taltz specialty pharmacy, I think I answered that. That was like a $33 million that was the inventory impact for Taltz but demand was positive quarter-to- quarter. And then on Forteo, the last question on Forteo was basically what we saw was inventory cam in at a different way. We saw the wholesaler buying patterns actually increased volume in Q4 of last year. Some of that has been de-stocking in Q1 but not all of it. We did have somewhat formally loss with Tim Lowe's, the new competitive entries but that was a really small impact to the overall performance for Forteo. 
Christi Shaw: Sure. As I said before I think the promising thing we saw is that there was unanimous, unanimity in terms of the four milligram efficacy. And so the thing that you saw in the voting was based on a specific indication and as we continue to work with the FDA on our labeling and our path to the market that's where we can say we’re the highest unmet need. So that the patients who are suffering so much in the United States have access as they do in 40 other countries to improve their pain and improve their lives. So we will continue to talk to them about what is the path for both two and four milligrams and what is the indication that we can best serve the highest unmet need population. So I think one of the things you saw in the vote was the wording was very specific to the indication that was presented which was at after -- methotrexate, thank you. And then let's see the outcome. So I can't comment or recall any AdCom in terms of overruling but I think as I said it wouldn't be overruling the AdCom if we look at a different and carve out indication for four milligrams that benefits patients the most and make it 2 milligram available as well to lower risk patients. 
Christi Shaw: So on how important CGRP in early mover is, look at different classes, it depends on the differentiation strategy pieces, in general though three to four months is not a big deal, I mean by the time you get your label and get approved, then you’re talking about access, really its not a big difference. If you are looking at bigger delay and you have two agents in the marketplace and you are 12 to 18 months later that is a detriment for share. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, John. So in the safety data we presented to the Advisory Committee was based on more than 7, 800 patient years in our clinical trials. And that establishes the safety database for baricitinib from clinical trial experience. Your question referred also to the commercial experience outside the United States, where obviously they've been many, many more patients exposed to the drug. Although, we don't have exact numbers for patient years exposure. As you heard from Christi, despite that extensive exposure, we haven't seen any new safety signals. So while we agreed that VTE is a potential risk of this drug. We haven't seen that manifest in the clinical experience.
Dan Skovronsky: Great, thanks. So with respect to the safety profile of galcanezumab, I think we've been really encouraged by what we've seen in our phase-3 trials on safety. And I think that's critically important for a preventative for migraine patients could be on for a very long time to be well tolerated by the patients and have a very clean safety profile. So that's an important differentiator for galcanezumab and for the class probably of anti-CGRP antibodies. When you get to the orals which are abortive, the safety profile could be a bit different and we've seen some evidence of that for the oral CGRPs and I think Christi you were going to comment on commercial differentiation. 
Dan Skovronsky: No, that's correct. I would just add that we'll have one of the longer duration trials here in terms of the follow-up time on these patients, which gives us sort of more area under the curve time for the drug to work. And have its effect on cardiovascular outcomes. So although the lowering right mandates a larger longer trial, the increased duration actually we see as benefits to showing effect. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yes, thanks for that question. So you're correct that we terminated the monotherapy for our phase 2 base inhibitor. That was based on a combination of external data readouts which of course you're familiar with, as well as our internal look at the data. A theory behind this compound initially was that given its higher brain penetration, this would have a favorable, more favorable safety profile. However, we also sought to demonstrate efficacy in Phase 2 and that was futility was what drove us towards stopping it. Now the rationale to continuing in and of course in monotherapy that continues to be on base status and phase 3 for monotherapy. As you commented we continue with the combination. Here I think we have a growing understanding that we need to clear the Abeta out of the brain with a plot clearly antibody that's get centered PG and also inhibited to production. So hitting from both end is rationale there for the combo. 
Enrique Conterno: So, we've been an excited for quite a sometime about GIP/GLP clearly, the hurdle for this product is pretty high and we want to see their superior outcome when it comes to hemoglobin A1C and weight loss, this will be current GLP. We expect that we're going to be disclosing some of this data either later late this year or ADA next year. We have to see. 
Enrique Conterno: Yes. Maybe just to start with framing the Trulicity quarters because we have another strong quarter continued solid growth. We basically have seen that the increased promotion but the new launches is basically having some impact in market acceleration, but we see both -- we see a very good market growth and we see basically good share performance with Trulicity in a more competitive environment. So we very much like our position we have a strong access position as well and finally I'm calling something that sometimes it's under estimated but it's the patient experience that we basically receive from physicians, from patient themselves. We have an excellent real world efficacy and which is very simply delivered. So we're very excited about that. Clearly, we wind us and change any of that but it is extremely important because we believe the longer-term for us to be competitive in this class we will need cardiovascular outcomes. As it relates to the SGLT2s, clearly we have been seen some very good growth of Jardiance but we had a pretty important event in Q1 related to the exclusion from CBS. Jardiance still has very good access and what we basically have seen post the rebasing of the prescriptions of patients, many patients have been switch and we basically have seen resumed growth over the last few weeks. Clearly the SGLT2 class and Jardiance in particulars still a very small part of the overall prescriptions. We estimate that about 30% of patients with diabetes have established for the vascular disease. So the opportunity for us is of continued growth and we're working to accelerate Jardiance and being Jardiance catalyst for the growth of the class.
Enrique Conterno: Very good. So when it comes to Humalog of course, strong quarter, we saw about a $50 million benefit in the quarter related to changes in the estimates of rebates and discounts. Part of that was Medicaid and part of that other payers mix changes. We basically see some of those benefits continuing throughout the year of course some of that is also growing as part of Q1. In essence, we are seeing lower Medicaid claims and basically other dynamics that are slightly favorable when it comes to payer mix, when it comes -- specifically to Humalog. Now, when we look broadly the portfolio, it is pretty clear that those Medicaid claims is something that we see across the portfolio but not all of our products are as exposed as of the incidents are.
Enrique Conterno: So the increased coverage in during the doughnut hole for 2018, when we look at our overall portfolio is about $200 million, most of it being driven by diabetes
Enrique Conterno: So when it comes to a rewind, we do expect internal readout in the second half with the top-line press release likely in early Q4, and we will be targeting the full disclosure of the results at the next year's ADA meeting. 
Enrique Conterno: Well, Rewind is an event-driven trial. So we will basically have closer of this trial-one, we hit a certain number of events and the trial is appropriately powered for us to show basically a statistical difference if the product were to show it that is meaningful. So we are pretty confident. I do know that we got a lot of questions about the population that we have enrolled, whether the population is maybe less sick. We at this point in time I think we basically want to see the outcomes of the trial. We do have a lot of expertise when it comes to designing cardiovascular trials. And we're confident that we've designed this trial in the appropriate way. Dan, I don't know if you want to make any other comments. 
Enrique Conterno: So we are studying both 3 and 4.5 milligrams. We believe those doses can be well tolerated if appropriately titrated. And we basically have design this trial in a way that it can show actually a difference from a regulatory perspective vis-à-vis dula 1.5 when it comes to hemoglobin A1C. We are also expecting to see important difference when it comes to weight loss, but its okay that we made the A1C end point from risk benefit perspective in order to get this product approval. 
Enrique Conterno: So we make our approvals for rebates and discounts before we actually receive the claims. In the case Medicaid, it tends to lack significantly more some of those clear -- receive of those claims significantly more than in commercial plans, another plans. So we basically have our estimate and what we basically have seen is that the claim that we have received have been lower than we had expected. So that's -- now there could be a number of reasons for that but at this point in time we are basically thinking as well okay as we look into the past what does this mean for us we are looking accruals for Q1 and for the rest of the year and the reason what we have a benefit coming from Medicare when we look at entire year. 
Sue Mahony: Yes, with regard to Alimta, clearly, we're very pleased with the Keynote-189 data and as I mentioned earlier, we have seen growth in this quarter on Alimta in the U.S. 8% growth overall and 3% that was price, 5% that was volume. We've also continue to see increase in each brand in combination. I think we don't give focus on individual products, and I think it's key to note that about 50% of our sale is come from first line and second line, about 40% is first line. With that we are as I said, seeing a stabilization in overall share market and an increase in each brand. We continue to see unexpected that increase as we saw some people waiting for the phase 3 trials data outcome before turning the combination of the Alimta, Keytruda and carbo. So we are really pleased with that. We think that it's concerns the benefit that we seen with Alimta, historically as a standard of care in the first line non-small cell lung cancer setting, and we continue to see that will be the case going forward. And with regard to a business development, we are continuing to be very interested in BD across all areas including IL, and we have told previously about offshore bank deal which is a bet that we have one of the best that we will be placing with regards to RNA based vaccines. We anticipate that we will be doing other deals both in the IL space and in other areas in oncology in the future. We're also bringing in new people into our team again. We motioned we’ve on-boarded two physicians recently, one from Duke and the other from the Memorial Sloan Kettering and you will see us continuing to bringing more external talent. 
Sue Mahony: Yes. Tony thanks for the question, biospecifics, yes, as we've looked at our I/O portfolio and what we want to do, we want to understand really what the next generation of IO agents are. And we've taken two bets. I mention one, and we'll be taking others by the way but two that we've taken at the moment, one is the RNA based vaccines that we think really could be potentially disruptive in the future. The other is the biospecifics and as you have mentioned we have ongoing collaborations and actually a number of biospecifics looking at different targets that should be coming into the clinic very soon. We're excited by those. Another asset that we've got in the clinic that we talked about before but not too much is the TIM-3 and we're pretty excited by our TIM-3 and think that we've got a best-in-class asset there. We've also got an IDO. We know that there's some data on IDO we have to see what happens there, but we believe that we've got one that again could be differentiated; so those are two assets we've got in clinic now and as you mentioned we're taking bets on the RNA based vaccines and the by specifics. 
Sue Mahony: Yes. Thanks for the question on Verzenio. With regards to, well, first, we’re very pleased with the uptick I think as Josh mentioned we’ve got 15% huge brand share. And when we launched it we launched with the single agent activity and the combination with [Indescernible] and we should back at third of the market literally just the end of February we launch with the larger indication which is the rheumatoid just two third of the market and we’re now 16% on each brands, we feel good about that. And with regards to the actual market, we see plenty of opportunity actually for both growth in the market and also taking share with regards to growth about 50% of patients are treated with CDK4 and 6inhibitors, so again we see an opportunity there. One of the things that we’re trying to do is to ensure that physicians really understand patients that can benefit the most and we present a data on pace of the concerning clinical characteristics where with Verzenio, we were able to see that even in those patients we could see robust an efficacy similar to the overall patient population. And obviously with the data that we’ve got with the rheumatoid which is well the 28.2 month PFS is seen as robust as well, we see that as beneficial and we also see we got differentiated molecule with single-agent activity and continue dosing. So, our believe is that we can both compete within the market and that there is still continues to be opportunity to growth in the for the overall CDK market in the U.S. and of course o-US we have submitted to Europe and Japan and we hope to get approval later this year in both those geographies. 
Sue Mahony: Yes. Steve, now the pancreatic study was actually went to the final endpoint and we stopped the study. So I think you might be looking at cg.gov may have late timeline just as we are looking at future follow up with patients. And it does not by any mean reduce our confidence in moving forward in other indications with abemaciclib. This is pretty high bar. Pancreatic as you know is a tough gemo type and we are looking at clearly targeting tumor with the CDK pathway is important and also we do believe the combination is probably the way to go. We have a number of non breast indications that we are looking and you should see some trials starting later this year, as well as of course our lifecycle planning in breast cancer. 
