Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Derica. We'd like to take as many callers as possible, so we do ask that you limit your questions to two or a single question with two parts. Thank you in advance for your collaboration with this request. Kevin, can you please provide the instructions for the Q&A session? And we're ready for the first caller.
Philip Johnson: Thanks for the question, Mark. Dave, if you'd like to, take the first one. And I did get some feedback that there might have been a little bit of echoing, so we'll mute here in the room as you provide your response. And then, Jan, if you'd like to lead off answering the second question, our view of the failure of solanezumab in the mild Alzheimer's population. And, Tony, feel free to complement his answer as well. Over to you, Dave.
Philip Johnson: It's been a few years, Andrew, but probably four or so years ago, I think the Congressional Budget Office had estimated the cost of moving dual-eligible and low-income subsidy folks from the Medicare price into Medicaid, and they had estimated that at about $110 billion, $115 billion cost for the industry over a 10-year period, very similar to what the expected cost is of the ACA. We have not said if the bully (49:55) exposure to that kind of a proposal would be greater or lesser than what the ACA cost is, but we have said in the past that the ACA 2011 through 2015 was running on the order of magnitude of $500 million to $550 million a year on average as far as the cost to Lilly for greater rebates in pharma. I hope this gives you some order of magnitude.
Philip Johnson: Great, Dave, thank you for the questions. So, Dave Ricks, if you'll answer the first part of Dave Risinger's question, then absolutely we have Sue Mahony here, who can address your second question, Dave.
Philip Johnson: Thank you for the questions. Dave, if you'd like to take the first question that we received on scrutiny of the relationship and the business relationships with PBMs and pharma companies. Then over to Sue on the question on Alimta in combination with Keytruda.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you, Tony. Kevin, we'll take one last caller before having Dave wrap up the call today.
Philip Johnson: Thank you, Enrique. We're almost at the top of the hour, so, Dave, we'll turn it over to you to close out today's call.
David A. Ricks: Sure, thank you, John. We had a good meeting with the President this morning. It was a broad-ranging discussion. We touched on several of the issues there. And your question in terms of innovation, the President was very interested in understanding how our business works and what the opportunities are to further grow the American innovative engine in the biopharmaceutical industry. Of course, we talked about taxes and how that could be a positive catalyst for more investment and growth in the U.S. industry. We talked about regulation. I think he made some comments on camera about that. He's interested in finding ways to reduce and streamline regulation, both at the FDA side but also in healthcare markets that the government plays a role in. And then of course, we did speak about pricing. On that last point, I think we all understand the concern he's raising and of course others are that consumer out-of-pocket costs seem to be growing and growing faster than other payers in the system and how we can do a better job as an industry of getting discounts through to consumers, particularly those in high-deductible plans and government programs. We did not get into elaborate policy detail in terms of the U.S. pricing environment. But I think there will be time for that later, and I left the meeting with some confidence that the people who we'll be working with closely as legislation moves forward have a good grasp of those facts. Your second question was repeal of ACA and the taxes the industry pays. Of course, we haven't seen any specific legislation here. I think the industry said it was basically $100 billion over 10 years that would have been paid in to cover ACA. That's both in terms of the unspecified fee and other concessions in the original 2009 package. I'd be reluctant here to get into specifics on that because we haven't seen the specifics on the repeal or, for that matter, any pay-fors in the replace. But we're preparing for all those scenarios and working closely with policymakers as well as other parts of the industry on good policy that can promote consumer-driven choice and more broadly available medications in these uncovered populations or in the current ACA populations. The final question I think was on the reorganization. And of course, we did announce the reorganization, which removed actually several senior management jobs really to flatten the organization and make sure our executives are as close to the markets that matter and the launches that matter as we go ahead. And that was a primary goal was really to emphasize the importance of these new product uptakes and having our business presidents squarely focused on those and making sure that there's a clear line of sight to the customer for them. We also want to improve our proximity to China, as you mentioned, particularly for drug development, where we can do more I think to speed up our innovation into that market, which has an undeniable long-term opportunity for the sector. We also asked Enrique take on a broader scope of responsibilities, including payer and so forth, hosting responsibilities for the major markets. So that's already announced and rolling out and I think aligns clearly with our stated priorities.
David A. Ricks: Sure. Thanks, Chris. In terms of business development, I don't see a change in our general approach, which is what we've said for a while, which is we see value in deploying capital on business development where we can really complement our core therapeutic areas, where we're looking at acquisitions or licensing transactions that can bring products into the portfolio to drive growth for the future and to do that with a lot of discipline on value. And so that's what I think we've been saying for years. I do think as we enter this phase coming up, where in our therapeutic areas there appear to be attractive alternatives for investment outside the company as well as inside, we've got a key period to make decisions on advancing assets into Phase 3 over the 1.5 years or so, as Derica mentioned. We need to look at both sources of innovation and we'll do that. The CoLucid transaction, which is one we just announced, I think is a good example of that. So I think the rate may be different based on our circumstance as we're growing the company and have perhaps more opportunities to move assets into Phase 2 and Phase 3, but the criteria really isn't different from how we've thought about this in the past. On the Alzheimer's BACE inhibitors, I think we've talked about this for a while, but the Merck program has two distinct studies. The first one is a classic first-generation type design in the sense that they have a mixed, mild, and moderate population and no requirement to have amyloid present to be in the study. And we know from prior studies like this, whether it be Lilly or other sponsors, you can end up with 20% – 30% of the patients who actually don't have Alzheimer's disease. In addition, for the reasons Jan mentioned earlier, later probably not better in terms of effect size. So the Lilly program with AstraZeneca and the later Merck program have those features built in. We have two studies with AstraZeneca. So if Merck I think has a positive signal of any sort, I think we'd feel good about that in terms of BACE inhibitors as a target. If there's no signal, I think we'll have to do some thinking. That's how we're looking at that upcoming readout. Maybe Tony or Jan could add to that.
David A. Ricks: Yes, that makes sense. Andrew, thanks for the question. We have brought in two senior executives recently. We're excited by both their willingness and excitement to join the company, but also what they can add probably in the very short term. Levi is joining Sue Mahony's team, really taking the role that Richard Gaynor had. So he's got all the clinical-phase oncology portfolio and obviously brings a great skill set to do that. I think in terms of immuno-oncology, he's got expertise in that field among other fields of oncology. And it's probably difficult to say too much about what we hope he'll do, but I think clearly it's a competitive field and having a new look at what we're doing, how we combine products, how we could potentially accelerate our efforts in certain areas is something that we're hoping Levi can help us with. Christi is a commercial person. She started her career at Lilly, most recently ran Novartis's U.S. business. And she's coming into the job I was in, which is a go-to-market and drug development job at running Bio-Medicines. I think she's a strong diverse talent that I think is really an industry veteran who understands the U.S. market extremely well. And so when that opportunity came to pull her onto the team, we made that move, and I think it's going to be great to have her. She starts April 1, so you'll start to see her on the road there in Q2.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Dave. As I said earlier, we had a positive and broad ranging discussion. And I was impressed with the President's appreciation for what our industry is, which is really a crown jewel of America enterprise in the sense that we invent things, we can change lives in terms of healthcare outcomes, but also we're a great employer and source of economic growth, jobs, and exports. We touched on lots of things, tax, regulation, as well as the healthcare repeal/replace discussion. So there's a number of follow-ups that were cited that will be happening through staff and on the Hill with key members of Congress. The specifics on timing and so forth I'm not at liberty to share here, but I was encouraged overall by the sense a) that there will be changes made, likely rapidly. Most of those will involve the legislative branch. And that there will be follow-up with the White House to make sure we're making progress as we go along. But there's not too many specifics I can share in terms of exact timing. Just overall, I think it was productive to engage the President, educational for both sides, and I think we can go forward and really look at enacting policies that can both help the industry but also healthcare in the United States.
David A. Ricks: Sure. Thanks, Jami, great question and one we're spending a lot of time on as well. Of course right now, we're working against the prior goal you cited, which is to get our SG&A and R&D total operating expenses as a percent of sales to 50% or less in 2018. So that's the near-term goal we're very focused on. We've reiterated that again in December, and that's obviously an improvement over where we are today and what we're reporting for 2016. I would highlight, although we're at the high end of the ranges in terms of our guidance for the quarter on expenses for R&D and SG&A, year over year good progress in Q4, and we did have some one-time items in Q4 which adversely affected that. That said, I think my overall perspective on this question is we have multiple ways to improve the operating margins of the company. And as we launch new brands and grow the top line, that's clearly one. I think if we can really repurpose investment behind those priorities and maintain a lower growth rate, in some cases much lower growth rate in the middle of the income statement, we can deliver tremendous leverage on the bottom line. You can see that in Q4, putting aside the Street estimates, what kind of leverage is available in the business. And we're aware of where we stand in the industry. I think we're not a single-product company or close to it, like some of the comparables even approaching our size. So that breadth I think does have inefficiency built into it. It has other advantages. We run a global operation. We want to be a global company, not just a multi-market company. That has an implication. But by and large, I think your question is can we improve beyond what we set out in 2018. And I'm personally focused on delivering on the 2018 commitment, and then we'll likely set a goal beyond that for improved operating margins toward the balance of the decade.
David A. Ricks: Sure. Thanks, Tim. I think a lot was written about that question. To be honest, we have good relationships with all the major PBMs. Of course, it's a business transaction and we're on opposite sides of the table. They do their job very well. They negotiate hard for rebates and discounts for their customers, most of which are large commercial plans or Part D. And we do our job, which is to sell the value and try to maintain formulary position. There are always tugs and pulls in that and products are listed and delisted, but overall I'd say we have a good relationship with the PBMs. Of course there's only one major pure-play PBM at this point. But Express Scripts and Lilly have a good relationship, and we announced this Blink Health partnership as an example of that, innovating together to try to solve some of the payment problems. I think hypothetically, if we didn't have rebates, would I worry long term about our future? My answer is no. I think we're in the business of making innovative products that help patients. We need to do that in a way that creates value in the healthcare system. How we get paid for that value, there are probably lots of ways. As you know, in international markets many, many places where we have productive and profitable businesses, we don't have PBMs or anything like it and we don't have rebates, and we do just fine. So I think because of the breadth of our portfolio because of our new product mix, because of the company's focus on volume growth across several key markets, I think as Derica said in his comments, we have a durable strategy going forward should there be some big disruption, which I'm not sure I see right now. But I think on either side of that, our model would work well. Enrique can add anything to that and then maybe the Alimta question to Sue.
David A. Ricks: Hi, Seamus. First of all, in terms of specialty markets and leveraging our U.S. managed care presence, we have a great team. We've got strong relationships, not just with PBMs but with other managed care entities. And I think as a broad-based pharmaceutical company, it's an advantage when we're entering new spaces because we already have that payer connection both for immunology and oral oncology that that base will serve us well. You can add abema [abemaciclib] should we have positive data and be able to submit, but I think it's a strength of the company. Maybe what you're really asking is will we leverage the portfolio to drive more exclusive formulary coverage? I would just say in general, that's not our aim. I think we want to compete with as much open access as possible in as many classes as we can because, as someone launching new products, that's a policy position that makes sense for us. Of course, we have incumbent products too. But all things equal, we would prefer patients have access to as many brands as possible, and we compete based on the differentiation of our products. That's more or less what we try to do across the whole of the portfolio. On BD, I'm not exactly sure what you're getting at there. As I said earlier, it will be an important part of what we need to do going ahead to build out the portfolio and keep upgrading value within the portfolio, whether it be through licensing or M&A. We have a number of very successful licensing arrangements ongoing and in the past. To name a few, of course, the Boehringer Ingelheim arrangement, Pfizer on tanezumab, AstraZeneca on BACE, even the partnering we've done with major oncology firms in terms of combination development with some of our assets I think are all examples of Lilly's open for business on partnerships. There are some specifics around ultra-rapid insulin which I won't go into to here, but I think all partnerships require a shared sense of what the future needs to look like as well as a compelling profile of a product. And when we have those things, we've done very well. If you have information to the contrary, I'd love to hear from you about it. But partnering will be a key part of what we do along with that smaller M&A space, as I discussed, and I think it's a strength of the company.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Geoff. In terms of PBM specifically, that wasn't a centerpiece of the discussion with the President. Of course, pharma has recently put out some work just to put some facts into the picture in terms of what the total drug spend is in the nation and how much of that is innovative, generic, or going into the channel, if you will. I think it's available on their website if you want to look at it. That was referenced in the meeting, and I think it always does surprise people that fully one-third of spending in the U.S. is not going to manufacturers but going to other entities. I think the President was interested in that. Mostly we discussed how to get value to consumers who particularly in the ACA plans or in high-deductible plans have limited formularies. They think they bought insurance and they have limited coverage or are paying a lot of out-of-pocket costs, and how to address that situation. And so PBMs themselves weren't mentioned specifically, and we did discuss channel partners broadly, but more as an educational point. In terms of CoLucid, I'll start there. Obviously, that fits in well with our existing interest in pain and migraine specifically. It is abortive treatment, so people take that when they're experiencing or about to experience a headache. I think it has the key benefits of potentially being labeled for use in patients who have cardiovascular risk factors, which is a major issue with triptans, the major class in that setting, and will fit hand-in-glove with our promotional, commercial, and medical efforts, even future clinical efforts with our potential antibody galcanezumab, for preventing migraine. I guess the question on effect size, I can defer to Tony on that in terms of what we hope to see vis-à-vis Amgen.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Phil. We appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. Driven by new product launches, Lilly is entering a new growth period. The combination of top line growth and margin expansion over the balance of the decade provides a compelling thesis for investors. I look forward to keeping you informed of our progress, and please follow up with our IR team if you have questions we've not been able to address on today's call. Have a great day.
Enrique A. Conterno: So we of course are prepared for that event. We had in a certain way the fortune of launching a biosimilar glargine in Europe and now a follow-on insulin glargine in the U.S. So that's great preparation in itself because now we're going to be on the other side of that. And we are thinking how to best ensure that Humalog can continue to be an extremely strong franchise for Lilly. I won't discuss our specific plans, but I would say that we're very well prepared.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure, so we are clearly very excited about the new label for Jardiance in the U.S. and the new treatment guidelines for diabetes published by the ADA. We've launched now this new indication in early January. And we are thinking, I'll be honest, pretty big about the opportunity that we have in front of us given the indication that we have. Clearly for us to be successful, the class has to grow or more specifically Jardiance has to grow. And we think of that not just as we think about what is the Jardiance share in the SGLT-2 class, but what is the overall share that Jardiance could get when we think about people with Type 2 diabetes, and in particular in the segment where Jardiance is indicated for cardiovascular risk reduction, which is in people with Type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular diseases. You can imagine that is as much as 30% of people with Type 2 diabetes, so very, very significant opportunity. It is too early to comment given that we have basically the first week of scripts, which is the first week that basically we launched the product. But I expect that we will see the uptick and we will see this in terms of new patient starts right away.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So we are indeed seeing very significant opportunity to continue to leverage the income statement when it comes to diabetes. We have very strong sales growth, which is driven by volume. As we have mentioned in the past, we're getting some of the benefits from our technical agenda when it comes to diabetes on the manufacturing side. And as we've said, that is for us several percentage points worth of benefit that we're getting, and those benefits continue to accrue and gross margins continue to improve. And finally, when it comes to SG&A, we are basically able to with the commercial footprint that we have support the broad range of products, including all of the products that we have recently launched. So we do believe we have the right infrastructure to support continued growth without us having to add additional commercial infrastructure. When we look at the number of people out there, we are a little bit below some of our competitors when it comes to diabetes, even post some of the reductions that we've seen from them. But at the end of the day, we have to do what works for us. And I think the numbers speak by themselves, not only very good revenue growth but we are basically gaining share across all of our products in all of the key geographies. So it is a pretty good run that we're having right now.
Enrique A. Conterno: When it comes to Jardiance and Trajenta revenue in the U.S., we do see numbers in the diabetes category move a bit based on the estimates for rebates and discounts. This is not just an item for Lilly. It's an item for any company in the diabetes space given the sizable rebates that are paid to payers. In this particular case, it is Boehringer Ingelheim that basically does the contracting and the estimation. In the case of Jardiance, we saw a slight benefit in the fourth quarter. And in the case of Trajenta, we basically saw a negative impact in the fourth quarter, the negative impact probably closer in terms of Lilly revenue nearly probably $20 million. So we expect to see that volatility when it comes to the diabetes product. What we try to look at is really longer term what are some of the trends that we basically see from a volume perspective and also from a pricing perspective.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So we are very excited about the growth of Trulicity. We're having great sequential growth, both driven by the overall strength and the health of the GLP-1 class, but also because of the share growth with Trulicity. I was just reviewing our latest data, and Trulicity now nearly has a 32% new-to-brand share in the GLP-1 class as of last week. And so it's really, really outstanding performance by the team. Overall for us, continued class growth is probably the most important factor, and we're excited. Maybe I can provide some color because we recently started reaching additional prescribers as of late last year, basically in the last quarter. And we've seen significant continued adoption by new prescribers. So that basically speaks to continued growth as we look ahead for this product. We do look at the competitive environment and we do look at semaglutide as a potential competitor in the near future. And they do have good efficacy data in a number of trials, including a head-to-head against Trulicity. But they also have reported an increasing retinopathy that was significant as part of one of their trials. So we need to see at the end of the day what the full label will be. And we are of course very prepared, but we really like our chances.
Enrique A. Conterno: REWIND, we recently had an interim readout. We were basically told that the study will continue as planned, which basically means that we're looking at 2019 for the readout of the cardiovascular outcomes data for that study.
Anthony Ware: Yes, Mark, I think our view on the prodromal trial is that when we saw the results of EXPEDITION3 in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease, which of course were disappointing, when we looked at the prodromal, the patients in prodromal, these are not as distinct clinical divisions as you might think. There's a great deal of overlap between these two populations. And we felt within any given visit, a patient could be on one side of that or the other. So we felt as if that hypothesis had been tested, that those patients were close enough that the prodromal trial would be unlikely to be successful. As you point out and as per Jan's remarks, there are three differences, three potential variables here. There's the clinical stage we just talked about. There's the overall a-beta hypothesis itself, and then there are molecule-specific aspects as well. So those are the three sliders on the equation that we need to try to figure out.
Anthony Ware: No, I don't have anything additional. I think you highlighted the differences between them. We have two studies. The lead study has both patients with MCI [Mild Cognitive Impairment] and prodromal and mild Alzheimer's disease, the earlier phases, in them. And then the second study that we entered Phase 3 on are patients with mild Alzheimer's disease. And in every case, we have verified the amyloid going forward. We have a single endpoint, which is a cognition endpoint, which also differs from the Merck program. They have more of a classic, as Dave says, dual or co-primary endpoint for the first study, and then they've announced that the primary is the CVR sum of boxes for the second study.
Anthony Ware: Thanks, Steve. In any regulatory review, the FDA submits various information requests, and then we respond to those as well as we can. The FDA makes a determination once it receives any of these information requests as to whether additional analyses that we have provided, and that's what they are is new analyses of the data that they already have, are sufficiently complicated so that it would extend the time that they would require to review the application. And that determination is made entirely by them, and we don't have much insight into the rationale for that. I want to point out that they did not ask us to do more studies, which is an important point. So that's about really all I can say definitively. I would point out, of course, that this application in the wide world of applications that we send to them, it would be on the more complex side. It's five Phase 3 studies. There are different endpoints, different patient populations, different comparators, and different doses in some cases about that. So the fact that it would take them a little longer to take a look at this medicine than some of the other applications I think shouldn't be too surprising. But I'm optimistic that we will get to a good place with the FDA and that we will be able to meet the new data in April.
Anthony Ware: Hi. Regarding the CoLucid or lasmiditan, we're encouraged by this as a novel mechanism. There hasn't been a new mechanism to really stop a migraine that's ongoing for many years now. Nearly 7 million people in the United States take a prescription medicine for that, and a lot of them don't get better. And as Dave points out, a lot of them could potentially benefit if they didn't have cardiovascular disease. In fact, there was a recent survey by the American Neurological Association that said 22% of the patients currently taking triptans actually have what would be considered a cardiovascular contra-indication. And I'm sure these aren't bad doctors. I'm sure it's patients that really are so desperate they're willing to take the chance. So we think that there's a lot of room for innovation for that. And of course with the novel mechanism, the Phase 3 study that was carried out by CoLucid showed that many of those patients had already had a poor response to triptan, but nonetheless responded well when they received lasmiditan. So we're encouraged, and we think that this is a significant innovation for this. For galcanezumab, if we look at our data for Phase 2, we're encouraged by the data that we've seen, and we hope to see the same thing for Phase 3. And there we saw 70% of the patients had at least a 50% reduction in migraine days. We had nearly a third of patient had no migraine days whatsoever. And these are patients, of course, that have in some cases dozens of migraines a month. This is a big difference in terms of whether people can go to work or can take care of their kids and a lot of meaningful benefits for this. So if we end up in the range that we saw in Phase 2, we'll be very pleased.
Derica W. Rice: Sure. The good news is there's no substitute for top line growth, and so having the 7% revenue growth or in the quarter the new products driving almost 9 percentage points of volume-driven growth is tremendous, and really the kudos go to the team in pulling that off. When you get to the gross margin percent, you did not see the improvement you may have been expecting. That's really driven more by mix. So in the quarter you did see, for example, on our insulin business, where you'll see as it gets more weight and we have negative pricing in that regime, that becomes a drag on our gross margin percent. And for now, insulin still is our largest product until the other new products catch up. So what you really saw in the quarter was more a mix effect.
Derica W. Rice: In regards to your question regarding the dual-eligibles, the best way that I could probably characterize that is that the impact of that would be on the order of magnitude on the industry of the Affordable Care Act is how you should be thinking about it.
Derica W. Rice: Jami, this is Derica. Just to maybe add a little bit of color to Dave's comments, recall that the guidance that we provided said we get to 50% by 2018. We also on that same guidance, going back to last summer and our July earnings call, we said we would improve our gross margins between then and the end of this decade. And our starting point was around the mid-70s for gross margin. So that implies that at least at a minimum by 2018, our operating margins will be at least 25% or greater. So if OpEx is 50% of our revenue line, today our gross margin is around 75%, or said differently, our COS is around 25%, so if we get to 50%, we maintain or improve on the 25%. That implies that the floor and operating margin you should be looking at in 2018 is a minimum of 25%. And so to Dave's point is, that's what we said we will get to by 2018. We never said that we will end there, that that wasn't the end goal. That was the intermediate goal. And so there's still progress being made.
Derica W. Rice: Regarding your question pertaining to guidance, having been in this job for a while, it's been a wonderful ride. If you look at the last few years, we have exceeded our guidance in some of those years. However, in 2016 we actually came in on the lower end of our guidance, if you think about the range that we provided. So it's not only always true that we've exceeded. But when I think about 2016 performance, what we really are encouraged by and I am is the way we ended the year with very strong revenue performance. We're driving 8 or almost 9 full percentage points of growth from our new product launches. It's very much living up to the expectation that we had set when we provided our outlook for the YZ period. And having achieved that, then it does give us opportunities, as Jami was saying in her earlier question, to work on the middle of the income statement to improve our margins. And so given the way that we finished the year, I'm highly encouraged about our prospects for 2017. I think our guidance is very reasonable. I think our ability to achieve the range of $4.05 to $4.15 in EPS is very much within our grasp. And it implies that we're going to take those top line trends and we're going to translate that into about 300 basis points of OpEx through sales growth and achievement (1:10:41). So that's what we're going to be focused on. And I think Dave summed it up well when we were all out at the JPMorgan Conference together, launch with excellence, improve our margins through productivity, and you'll continue to hear us talking about in 2017 as well as to how we're advancing our pipeline. And so that is something I want to make sure we don't lose sight of because that's what long term continues to make this engine grow.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, Marc. You're correct. We did have a $130 million gross net benefit in the fourth quarter. What we've said is that a good portion, a sizable portion of that is attributable to Humalog. But we have not provided the absolute numbers behind it or any of the other products affected.
Susan Mahony: So with regards to abemaciclib readouts, we're anticipating getting the MONARCH-2 data and having that read out this first half of year. With regards to – and that's the fulvestrant study. The MONARCH-3 Phase 3, we should have an interim the first half of this year. Our base plan, as we've said previously, is that we will continue through the final, which we could see the end of this year.
Susan Mahony: So, Tim, let me answer the Alimta question. Clearly we can't give guidance with regards to a product. That said, we are very pleased to see the data from KEYNOTE-021G and also the fact that the FDA have accepted it for filing, with a PDUFA date, as you know, in May. And we also are looking forward to the Phase 3 data, which again we should see that in September time. I think with regards to what this means for Alimta, Alimta has been under pressure, particularly in the second-line setting with I-Os coming through in the first line setting very little at this point. This data is the first data that shows that adding an I-O agent to Alimta-carbo [carboplatin] combination shows not only a good overall response rate, which we think we saw a doubling response rate, PFS of about 13 months. But also although the survival data wasn't different between the two arms, we saw a pretty good survival both at the 12-month and the 24-month mark, which I think was 72% versus 75% of patients survived at that point. So I think we're excited by the data, and it is the first chemo combo and I would say the only chemo combo with KEYTRUDA or any I-O agent. We await to see what the other data shows this year with the other trials that are ongoing and maybe next year too with the I-O/I-O combos and the chemo combos. But clearly this, in my view, can do no harm to how people see Alimta. It is the standard of care in first-line setting, and we continue to see that this is additional data that adds to the multiple trials that we've seen with improved overall survival with Alimta.
Susan Mahony: No, I would just say the same as what Dave said. We will compete based on the differentiation of the product. Clearly, what the data tells us will help us to better understand what levers we pull across the whole of the marketing mix.
