David Ricks: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company’s fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. I’m Dave Ricks, Lilly’s Chairman and CEO. Joining me on today’s call are Josh Smiley, our CFO; Dr. Jan Lundberg, President of Lilly Research Labs; Enrique Conterno, President of Lilly Diabetes and Lilly USA; Dr. Sue Mahony, President of Lilly Oncology; Christi Shaw, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; and Jeff Simmons, President of our Elanco Animal Health business. We’re also joined by Kristina Wright, Chris Ogden, Kevin Hern and Phil Johnson of the IR team. During this call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 3 and those outlined in our latest Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community only. It is not intended to be promotional and it is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. We closed 2017 with another strong quarter, delivering 7% revenue growth, 20% operating income growth, and important pipeline progress. Worldwide revenue growth was once again driven by our new pharmaceutical products. In addition, we continue to expand our margins. Excluding the effect of FX on international inventories sold, gross margin as a percent of revenue increased by roughly 130 basis points, and total expense as a percent of revenue declined by over 340 basis points to 52.8%.  We made progress advancing our pipeline. The FDA approved and we launched Taltz for active psoriatic arthritis in the U.S. The European Commission approved Taltz for active psoriatic arthritis in the EU, and the FDA accepted our submissions for galcanezumab for migraine prevention as well as the resubmission of baricitinib for rheumatoid arthritis.  On the clinical front, we initiated a Phase III clinical program for baricitinib in atopic dermatitis. We announced that Cyramza did not show an overall survival benefit in first line gastric cancer, and we initiated clinical work on the connected diabetes ecosystem, including a trial to evaluate our automated insulin delivery system as well as development and clinical work on our connected insulin pen technology.  In terms of capital deployment, we announced an 8% increase in the dividend, reflecting our confidence in the continued growth prospects of the company, and we repurchased $100 million of stock.  We closed 2017 with strong momentum and we are well positioned to achieve our strategic deliverables in 2018 and beyond. Slide 5 contains more details on these events as well as other key events since our October earnings call. I would also note that our analysis of strategic alternatives for Elanco is proceeding well. We’re on track to communicate our decision on our Q2 earnings call in July. This quarter, we’ve included a few additional back-up slides on Elanco where you’ll see that recent product launches delivered $40 million of revenue in Q4 and $144 million for the year. We are proud that in January a leading industry publication announced that Galliprant, a first-in-class anti-inflammatory treatment for canine osteoarthritis pain was named 2017’s Best Companion Animal Product and Clynav, a DNA vaccine for Atlantic salmon took the top honors as the Best Food Animal Product. New product launch momentum continued as Elanco’s R&D organization achieved important milestones in January with Galliprant receiving EU marketing authorization and Credelio, which protects dogs against fleas and ticks, receiving approval in the United States as well as Canada. We continued to execute on our Elanco business model changes in Q4, including exploring options for the RBST business, exiting select U.S. distribution agreements, and taking steps to reduce our manufacturing footprint.  Finally, the biggest news affecting Lilly since our last call was U.S. tax reform. We’re pleased that Congress and the administration enacted tax reform that places U.S.-based companies on a more level playing field with our foreign-based competitors. This reform will allow U.S. companies like Lilly to be more competitive in the global race for innovation. For U.S. headquartered multinational companies, this reform does come with an entry cost through the one-time repatriation toll tax, but it’s a net positive as it will enable us to access our global cash and will lower our 2018 effective tax rates. Now I’ll turn the call over to Josh to discuss the impact and implications of U.S. tax reform, review our Q4 and full-year results, and provide an update on our financial guidance for 2018.
David Ricks: Thanks Josh. Slide 18 shows select NMEs as of January 24. Movements since our last earnings call include the initiation of Phase II testing for our D1 potentiator for dementia and our N3pG monoclonal antibody for Alzheimer’s disease, both as monotherapy as well as in combination with an oral BACE inhibitor; Phase I starts for IDO1 inhibitor for cancer and IL33 for immunology, and for the automated insulin system I mentioned earlier, as well as the termination of one Phase I oncology molecule.  Our select NILEX pipeline shown on Slide 19 reflects the initiation of the Phase III program for baricitinib in atopic dermatitis and also attrition for ramucirumab for first line gastric cancer and abemaciclib for squamous non-small cell lung cancer. Turning to Slide 20, you can see the considerable progress we made on the key events we had projected for 2017, while Slide 21 highlights our expected key events for 2018, which we covered on our 2018 guidance call in December. In addition to noting the approval of Taltz for psoriatic arthritis, you will see that we’ve added an event for the expected date of disclosure of the Keynote-189 study based on Merck’s recent press release announcing the positive results of the Phase III study for Alimta in combination with Keytruda. 2018 will be an important year with potential Phase III initiations and data readouts for several promising new molecules and line extensions, as well as we expect regulatory actions for galcanezumab, baricitinib and abemaciclib. Before we go to the Q&A session, let me briefly sum up the progress we made in 2017 and our priorities moving forward. In 2017, new products delivered nearly 20% of our total revenue, up from just 9% in 2016. Our growing portfolio of new medicines drove strong 8% top line growth for the full year. We achieved this result while maintaining relatively flat operating expenses, driving operating margin improvement of more than 450 basis points excluding FX.  We are in the early stages of a growth period driven by revenue from our recently launched products. The potential of our pipeline remains strong with new medicines in development for immunology, oncology, diabetes, and neurodegeneration complemented by a deep late-stage pain portfolio as well as additional indications for many recently launched products. Moving into 2018, we remain focused on launching with excellence and replenishing our pipeline while continuing to deliver bottom line growth and operating margin improvement.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Now I’ll turn the call over to Phil Johnson to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Sure. Well, I guess at a top level, Andrew, I would say your assumptions about our ambition to use balance sheet capacity as well as income statement capacity to grow our oncology business aren’t wrong. We very much plan to do that. We’re adding talent, as you noted, and are looking at many, many opportunities there. Of course, we’re bound by pricing and value, which is something we’re committed to make sure we’re not doing deals just to fill strategic holes in the pipeline but that make sense for our investors over the long term, and I think we also want to think carefully about our strategy in oncology, what can complement existing assets and add to what we’re doing, versus just de novo efforts to enter a space. So given the price points in oncology, we’re careful about our work, but I think it would be reasonable to expect a busy year in business development for oncology for Lilly. Whether those translate into deals, that’s a competitive process. We’ll work through that, but I don’t think directionally your assumptions are wrong.
David Ricks: Thanks John. I think you’re right to point out what’s the connection between Lilly’s actions as a provider of healthcare benefits to employees as well as our policy positions. We try to make them as similar as we can. Of course, we do self insure, we own the financial risk for our beneficiaries in our programs, and I think there’s two things that we do that, I think, stand out from the market. One is we have no bias in our health insurance programs for our employees toward medication, whereas you know in the general marketplace on average, patients pay four times out of pocket for medications and other health services, so we think that bias should go away, that you could actually make a good argument that medication should have a bias for them because of the efficiency of prescription drugs versus other parts of the healthcare system, but we’ve eliminated that.  The other thing which is new for us is rebate pass-through. We’ve executed for our employee population a pass-through rebate program. We are calling for that through pharma and directly from the government, because CMS has a unique role as a market maker here in particular in the Part D program, so we would like to see rebate pass-through for Part D beneficiaries. As you know, the rebate levels probably across all of pharma are something like 30 to 40%. That could have an immediate and very positive impact on seniors who are struggling to cover their donut hole-exposed prescriptions, and we think this is a good idea that the administration should act on immediately.  I would expect a busy year regulatory-wise in Washington as they look to introduce market mechanisms and lower costs at the pharmacy counter for patients, and we’re for both of those things, so we’ll partner closely with the administration to try to make positive progress in a pro-innovation way that actually affects patients’ pocketbooks.
David Ricks: Yes, thanks Greg for the question, and of course we can’t comment on things that haven’t happened yet, but we do have ambition to step up our game in BD. In essence we’ve undertaken a series of things to investigate why have we done a bit less through time, where has that occurred in the pipeline space. I think we’ve been pretty clear through the last year about our ambition in the Phase I, Phase II, so pre-proof of concept earlier clinical assets is the main target, and that’s not just because we decided that, it’s because that’s where Lilly is relatively under-represented, and there’s a lot more to go after at price points which we think are attractive. We have done some specific things in the company. One public thing which people know about is the realignment of the business development function nested within our Lilly Research Labs, our R&D organization. I think that’s an important change, if not psychologically as we shift our attitude toward this becoming a core part of innovation in our company along with strengthening our own labs. We have also increased resources, both human and allocating balance sheet and income statement capacity for yet to be done deals, so that that’s not a friction as we look at bringing things in.  The final thing I’ll say is we have core metrics now we’re looking at in terms of number of prospects we’re evaluating, so that we have enough substrate to then execute the right deals across. What hasn’t changed is the discipline we’re going to undertake to make sure these are not just strategic, quote-unquote, without the financial support, but they check all the boxes - they enhance our therapeutic strategies, they can produce--have a good shot at producing strong value for shareholders through time, and they fit what we know how to do so we can execute once we do bring them in.
David Ricks: Yes, thanks for the question. On Elanco, more or less since we announced the strategic review in our [indiscernible], the basic assumptions and the way we’re conducting the analysis haven’t really changed. Of course, tax makes everything a little bit more valuable and that’s been contemporized in our thinking. Elanco, I think, there’s a two-part story. One is innovation on the top line, and I think we’ve commented on that this quarter. I think there’s been great progress, both in the introduction of new products as well as approvals recently. That’s a piece of this that we’re factoring in going forward as a growing company in animal health. Then the margin expansion is a significant opportunity for animal health and one the team is very focused on, so all those things are true. I think the analysis of course then must ask, what’s the most valuable path forward for Lilly shareholders - to hold, to spin, to partner in some other way, and that’s still ongoing. But more or less, the direction of those assumptions is the same as when we started this, and that’s good news as we continue to work through that project.
David Ricks: Yes, well co-pay accumulators, the idea that [indiscernible] get credited differently than in the past is actually not really a new idea. A lot of people are talking about it this year. There are in the back and forth between manufacturers and insurers ways to rebalance that. I think the overall concerning thing is the continued shift across consumers basically by implementing this program without rebate pass-through, which I think would be an important compensating measure. It just increases the exposure that patients have to their high deductible plans and that’s a bad idea, in our mind, so policy-wise we’re not for it. There are tactical ways through it, and you can rest assured we’re implementing those on products like Taltz and others. There will be a to-ing and fro-ing around these points through time and we’ll compete as we do. I think the bigger issue for the country is how do we make chronic medications patients need more affordable for them, and again we go back to the rebate pass-through issue. That increasing spread is a big issue for patients paying list price with a deductible plan.
David Ricks: On rebate pass-through, it’s good everyone is talking about it because it should happen. In fact, it already is happening in commercial plans. I know that because we’re executing in our plan, and I know other larger players are as well. It’s not happening in Part D - we’ve got the proposal on the table. CMS put out proposed regs for comment in the fall, and I think a number of senators and others have weighed in on that. There is a push and pull there between should we allow a modest increase in premiums in Part D to support the funding of rebate pass-through? We’re for that because, of course, not passing through the rebates subjects the very ill to the cost burden versus spreading that over a much larger base, and we think that’s what insurance is for and therefore we advocate for it. It’s difficult to speculate on the probability of that happening, but I can tell you there is strong unanimity amongst large manufacturers. It is a serious proposal being looked at on both the Hill and HHS, and to me it is one of the simplest levers to pull to actually change the cost at the pharmacy counter for drugs in America. I think the U.S. should do it, but that doesn’t mean it will happen, though. So we’ll have to stay close to that one and we’ll keep you updated.
David Ricks: Sure, thanks Phil, and thanks to all of you. We appreciate your participation in today’s earnings call and your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. In 2017, we generated strong revenue growth driven by our new human pharmaceutical products. We significantly improved margins, leading to even faster income growth. As we move into 2018, we expect to see continued growth of our new pharmaceutical products and significant additional margin expansion. We believe the Lilly stock remains a compelling investment given the strength of our product portfolio, our top and bottom line growth prospects over the balance of the decade.  Today I’d also like to thank Chris Ogden - this will be his last earnings call in his current capacity, and really thank him for his considerable contributions over the last few years to the IR efforts.  Please follow up with our IR team if you have any questions we didn’t address on today’s call. That concludes the call. Have a great day.
Phil Johnson: Great, thank you, Dave. We would like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we do ask that you limit your questions to two, or to a single question with two parts. Operator, if you can please provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and we’re ready to get started. 
Phil Johnson: Great Seamus, thank you for the questions. On capital allocation, Josh, that one’s right up your alley.
Phil Johnson: Great Tim, thank you for the questions. So for you, Enrique, on potential impacts should Rewind be negative, and then our efforts on the oral GLP-1 and the timing of those.
Phil Johnson: Thanks for the questions, Jami. So back to you, Enrique, on Trulicity, the impact that you might expect from Ozempic and the Victoza CV label update, and then thoughts on the potential impact to our franchises if oral semaglutide is successful in Phase III.
Phil Johnson: Mark, thank you for the questions. Enrique, all for you, if you’d like to comment on some of the U.S. dynamics we’re seeing for Trajenta, Trulicity, and Basaglar.
Phil Johnson: Thanks Tony. So Christi, if you’ll comment on both these questions, the CGRP, where we expect use to be principally, if that’s going to be in chronic or also episodic, and then I’m not sure if you have a rabbit to pull out of the hat on the 2 and 4 milligram use in Germany or not? I don’t think we have that information in the IR group, so.
Phil Johnson: Thank you, Christi, and Tony, we’ll follow up on your question in utilization in Germany that we’re seeing between the 2 and the 4 milligram dose.
Phil Johnson: Steve, thank you for the questions. So Jeff, you can comment on the mix change for ’18 and opportunity that some of the trade agreements could have potentially on our food animal business, and then Christi for the baricitinib questions.
Christi Shaw: Sure, hi Steve. As we said before, we do expect the FDA to have an advisory committee, but the timing of that is up to the FDA and they’ll make that publicly known. We won’t be commenting on a date before they do. In terms of other safety, we really don’t anticipate other major safety questions and issues in regard to the ad comm. and the resubmission. 
Christi Shaw: Absolutely. So we’re very excited about the launch of Taltz in psoriatic arthritis, already approved in Japan, approved in the U.S. in December, and January in Europe. A marker for the psoriatic arthritis opportunity would be to look at Cosentyx - less than 40% of the scripts for Cosentyx are actually in the dermatology office, so we believe this is a really large opportunity in addition to the ankylosing spondylitis, and we expect that our uptake will be very similar to Cosentyx in PSA as we were in psoriasis. That market, we think will be very large and we think we’re competitive. We’re the only IL-17 that has in our label structure data as well as patients who have not responded well to TNF, and so being very competitive, the rheumatologists like the data, and they also like the PASI 100 scores, so we do think that that will be a great market for us. Remember - we’re not going to the same customer, we’re going to an entirely new office in rheumatology. Then in terms of pricing with Taltz this year versus last year and how that relates to access, our access this year will be very similar to last year. From competitive dynamics, this is a marketplace where, unlike other areas, we actually have a lot of patients that continually turn over, and so as you see with the uptake of Taltz at launch and continuing, we don’t believe that that will be an issue for us to get access to patients.
Christi Shaw: Sure, so of note, there were two reported deaths for patients with events of pulmonary embolism in the clinical trial program. One death occurred in the baricitinib group after 523 days after the first dose, and one death occurred in the methotrexate group after 234 days of methotrexate treatment. Of note as we have resubmitted and disclosed more data on our resubmission to the FDA, one of the things that we looked at is the largest pool that we have of patients exposed to baricitinib, so all of our clinical trials and also the extension study, we found that in the 2 milligram, the incidence of DVT and PE were 0.5, and in the 4 milligrams it was 0.5 as well. Remember, that’s a background rate in RA of 0.3 to 0.8, so well within the background rate of RA, so that’s part of our resubmission package as well as the Phase II clinical trial in atopic derm, where we didn’t see any as well.
Christi Shaw: We did exclude concomitant use of NSAIDS in our trial, chronic use, and we’ll see what the label looks like once the data comes out and once the FDA approves it and what the label looks like, and then we’ll be able to--in the future, be able to tell you how we’ll commercialize it. 
Christi Shaw: Our U.S. sales of Forteo in Q4 grew 32% versus the Q3 of 13%, so thank you for the question because there was some unique dynamics in Q4. One was we benefited from the net price adjustment to rebates and discounts related to Medicaid, where most quarters the rebates and discounts lower the realized benefit from list price increases. The second thing was that in terms of the volume acceleration, we had wholesaler buy-ins that led to an increase in the volume for Q4.
Christi Shaw: Yes, we have a strong history obviously in the auto injector, and that will be our plan from a commercialization standpoint with galcanezumab.
Christi Shaw: Okay, so we expect most of the usage to be in the preventive, obviously. There is about 4 to 5 million patients in the U.S. alone that are on preventative medicines, but we also estimate that about 15 million patients could be eligible because they have fallen off their preventative medicine for one reason or the other - efficacy or safety. So we do expect most of that use to be in chronic. The great thing about the Lilly platform is we’re also studying lasmiditan for acute use, and the third thing is galcanezumab also has a study in cluster headaches, so as you look at chronic, episodic, cluster, we expect use across those two agents in all three areas.
Christi Shaw: So Tremfya has had a similar launch uptake as what we’ve seen with other biologics in the psoriasis space, and as we’ve said before, we believe that the newer agents--and what we’re seeing in the marketplace is newer agents are really increasing expectations of physicians, of patients to ensure--to really switch patients more quickly from older agents to the newer ones. In fact, the last two years the market growth has been 15%, unlike the years before where it was single digits, so we think that’s a good thing. Then on the Cosentyx price adjustment, we continue to look very closely at that. What we’ve seen and what we saw at launch was in spite of not having great access, because patients actually cycle off routinely, go from one agent to another, we haven’t had to utilize that piece, but we’ll continue to keep an eye on it and ensure that we continue to get access for patients who want PASI 100 clear skin scores.
Christi Shaw: We’re very pleased with the Phase II data in lupus. We’ll be disclosing that data at a major medical meeting this year, and we’re evaluating options to actually start a Phase III by the end of 2018.
Dr. Jan Lundberg: Okay, I can start. Let us first look at the two new Phase II programs that we see. Clearly we are dependent on more clinical data, but we already have some clinical data from Phase Ib in both the D1 potentiator for dementia, which is an interesting molecule that could enhance cognition but potentially also somnolence, and in Parkinson’s disease also motor function. The N3pG program is, as you probably remember, a plaque-removing antibody, and we have optimized the dosing regimen since it has some immunogenicity, and we are putting that now into larger Phase II trials. We are combining it also with an oral BACE inhibitor which we know then will shut off the production of amyloid beta. In fact, now in Alzheimer’s, we are trying to get positive data, if at all doable, in Phase II in hundreds of patients, not in thousands of patients in Phase III, and we are addressing early disease. We really want to have a more homogenous patient population, which has been one of the problems, and we are using our imaging tools both for amyloid and [indiscernible] to make that happen, and we are also trying then to hit the target in a maximal way by not only removing amyloid but stopping the production.  The other agent I want to emphasize is a potential agent with more powerful body weight lowering effects than the current GLP-1, and that is the GIP GLP-1 co-agonist, and we have seen some interesting data on Phase I in healthy volunteers, so now we want to see them in a larger Phase II study how much can this actually reduce body weight and at the same time have a powerful blood glucose lowering effect. I also believe that our Il-23 molecule, mirikizumab has a variety of options for [indiscernible] indications, including then IBD, ulcerative colitis where we have potential to be first-in-class, but it’s also an interesting option for psoriasis and potentially other indications. 
Dr. Jan Lundberg: Yes. If we look at high level, the oral [indiscernible] peptides is hindered by a lot of natural mechanists, and we assume that the Novo product only has 1 or 2% bio-availability, which means that you lose most of the substance. The dilemma also remains here about the need for having fasting and not eating for some time after you take this drug, because then you have food interactions, so it’s really a suboptimal oral agent. I think it would be so much better to have a more traditional small molecule for this receptor.
Dr. Jan Lundberg: In relation to dementia studies, and the symptomatic one is in Parkinson’s dementia, and that has a readout mid-2019. The N3pG program may take somewhat longer since there is an 18-month treatment there, so in about two years.
Dr. Jan Lundberg: Without being too specific on numbers here, I can say that the N3pG studies met our criteria for reducing the amyloid imaging signal in Alzheimer’s patients, and secondly we have a dose regimen that seems safe in spite of having some immunogenicity.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So I continue to be quite bullish on Jardiance, and I think the frame should be much more Jardiance than the SGLT2 class. When we look at the SGLT2 class, we do see a number of headwinds, in particular because of the updated label for Invokana. That has been a headwind for the class, but we need to look at Jardiance’s growth and overall progression when we look at its use as a much better predictor for that to be a catalyst for the overall SGLT2 class. Clearly we are focused today on Type 2 diabetes, but we do have trials for heart failure and chronic [indiscernible] disease. When it comes to Type 2 diabetes, some of the challenges that we had have been some of those headwinds that I just referred to for what was the leader of the class. We do like the fact that there’s going to be increased promotion by having some additional competitors enter the class. I think that actually is going to be helpful to Jardiance. Finally, it’s just being able to make cardio protection a much higher priority for all physicians beyond A1C when they’re thinking about patients with Type 2 diabetes.  So we are encouraged by the progress that we continue to see, but much more progress is needed.
Enrique Conterno: So we continue to see pressure on pricing across all of our diabetes products. When we look at our Q4 results, I think there was pressure from a rebating perspective on the insulin portfolio, so both Humalog and Basaglar in particular. But we are being extremely disciplined and we like our overall prospects, and the axis that we basically have with all of our top brands, we believe that Trulicity for example is extremely well positioned for ’18 and so is Jardiance.
Enrique Conterno: So clearly there are a number of cardiovascular trials that are reading out this year - Rewind, but also we have trials for linagliptin in Carolina and Carmelina that are reading out. Lilly has quite a bit of experience when it comes to designing cardiovascular trials in the diabetes space, so we feel good about how we designed the trial and we continue to be optimistic about our results. I really don’t want to speculate about what a negative trial would be - that’s clearly not where our case is, clearly. As we think about future diabetes therapies, having a cardiovascular outcome benefit is going to be increasingly important.
Enrique Conterno: So we are highly interested in this space and working on pursuing oral GLP-1, and as we think about progressing to the clinical phase, I think the hurdle that we basically have is one of getting the right bio-availability for our product in order to make sure that we can make this commercially successful on a worldwide basis.
Enrique Conterno: So we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Trulicity. Trulicity had significant sequential quarter-on-quarter growth. Our market share for the last week is now over 40% for the first time, so we’ve seen continued gains in overall share, despite the fact that, yes, Victoza has an indication for a benefit when it comes to CV events.  One of the big premises that we think about is really how underutilized the GLP-1 class is today. When we look at in the U.S. for example, GLP-1s are about 30% of the basal insulin utilization, so we think there is huge room for expansion and we believe that Trulicity is going to benefit from that. We are extremely well prepared for semaglutides launch. I feel good about the experience that we are providing patients. We believe that experience will be unmatched, so we do think that we will be able to compete very effectively. We don’t provide any type of share forecasts for any of our products. 
Enrique Conterno: Yes, so first, I think it’s extremely important - I think you made some reference to this, that we look at the Phase III trials and what is going to be some of the [indiscernible] between efficacy, the side effect profile, and at the end of the day also how in real life is this product going to perform given that it may require some extreme adherence when it comes to fasting and water intake and so forth, so we need to see more data. Novo has explicitly expressed this desire to price this product comparable to injectable GLP-1, but it’s going to position the product very early in that treatment, continue to compete with some of the other orals, so we need to see how that is going to work given that today, SGLT2s and we look at the value proposition of a Jardiance, for example, which is going to be difficult for that product to match, so at the end of the day, how will payors view a much different price point for an oral GLP-1. So there is a lot of speculation and we need to see more data before we can provide a more educated sense of how that successful that product could be and the impact on the rest of the diabetes market.
Enrique Conterno: Very good. So as I mentioned, we view additional competitors coming into the SGLT2 class paradoxically as a positive because we believe that’s going to be an important catalyst for growth and it’s going to help the class, but also given Jardiance’s strong position, we will likely be the main beneficiary.  Your question was specific to the combo of ertugliflozin with a DPP4. I can’t comment on Merck’s strategy, but when we look at current practices from physicians prescribing diabetes products, they prefer not to prescribe fixed dose combinations. We do have that experience with [indiscernible], so we view that as a long-term proposition for Merck. Now, we don’t know exactly what their strategy is, but clearly for that product first of all to be successful, they’re going to have to establish the benefit of ertugliflozin, so we are of course prepared. We have a number of competitors entering the diabetes space, but I feel very good in terms of where each one of our brands stands today in terms of the benefit that it provides.
Enrique Conterno: Yes, that is a question probably better for Novo than for us, but as a frame, anything that introduces complexity in the lives of people with diabetes has a number of headwinds, so we look to basically develop products that can be adhered simply, that offer a number of benefits, and that is our mantra about how we think about developing our products.
Enrique Conterno: Very good. So let me start with Trajenta. We did have an unfavorable impact due to our changes in estimates for rebates and discounts for the quarter in the case of Trajenta, roughly $10 million as it relates to Lilly revenue. You may recall that in Q3 of 2017, so last quarter, we actually had a favorable adjustment, so sequentially it does look like an anomaly.  You asked about Basaglar. We do see very strong sequential growth for Basaglar - 24% TRX quarter-on-quarter. We do have high rebates. Part of this is basically channel accrual when it comes to--given the expected increased utilization in Part D starting January 1, and by the way we’ve seen excellent uptake. When we look at Basaglar today at the first few weeks, we’re now basically capturing about 25% of the new patients in the basal insulin class, so excited about the growth prospects. Then when we look at Trulicity, there was some buy-in, roughly about $25 million when it comes to inventories. Outside of that, we do see a lot of movement when it comes to gross to net and so forth, but what I would say when we look at our diabetes products is to look at them really more over time and try to get a complete picture by looking at rolling quarters. But we are once again excited about the sequential growth that Trulicity is having.
Enrique Conterno: SUs still represent about 20% of the overall oral diabetes market. As a class, as a share of the market, that is declining and has been declining over time. Clearly a positive Carolina trial would significantly accelerate that. My view is that most classes will basically benefit, it would not be limited to DPP4s and Trajenta in particular, but we would also see acceleration about the SGLT2s, in particular Jardiance, and the GLP-1 class.
Enrique Conterno: Some of the additional entrants into the basal space are held up right now due to litigation. I think that is a question really for them and for Sanofi. As it relates to interchangeability, we think this will eventually happen. The right studies will need to be conducted, but I view this as years away. There’s nothing imminent.
Jeff Simmons: Yes, a few things, David, kind of at a higher level on animal health. I would say that our Q4 results were consistent with our expectations we set. In guidance in December, we specifically said then that we expect 2018 revenues to be flat to slightly increasing versus 2017, and the other note I would make is fourth quarter revenue decreased 7% excluding FX, and this was driven by volume, but importantly we’re starting to see a return to price growth in the market and we increased 1% in the fourth quarter. So when you look to growth and look to modeling, I would say this - again, 2017 clean food and competition, we underestimated the impact of that. That’s what’s impacted and driven our results, and some competitive pressures in the companion animal market. So for 2018 specifically, we forecast revenue growth to be flat to slightly up, we expect 2018 to be a year of transition as we continue to evolve our product mix against headwinds, we see slightly negative growth in the first half of 2018 primarily from the continuing impact of clean food, however the second half of the year we expect our eight launches, and I’ll touch on those here, will drive top line growth. So within the portfolio we expect low to mid single digit growth in companion animals offset by low to single digit decline in food animals.  As Dave noted, I think we will see Galliprant continue to grow. We’re seeing close to 30% quarter-on-quarter growth in the canine pain market, we’re up to 12% market share. We see that being a key growth driver. I would combine that with last year’s launch of Interceptor Plus and the share that we’ve taken from HeartGard would be another big driver for our business, and then we continue to see our companion animal parasiticide broader portfolio - Credelio, our first tick-flea launch, that is going on this quarter in all three major markets, Japan, Europe and the U.S., so Credelio would be the third. Then on the food animal side, we continue to see our vaccine portfolio that we acquired from Lohmann in salmonella, with vaccines being a key growth driver as well.  So hopefully that gives you a little guidance on our food and companion animal business first half, second half of the year, and again I would emphasize flat to slightly growing in ’18. 
Jeff Simmons: Yes, as we’ve noted Jeff - good question. We’ve had really three priorities to our strategy as we go forward, and we are definitely keeping this in context as we go forward with the assessment, is one, accelerating innovation; two is changing our mix to higher growth and margin segments; and three, this margin expansion plan, those being the three. I think as Dave noted, we feel very good about our pipeline and launching products that we’re in the midst of right now. That will be what will return us to, we believe, higher quality growth and higher margins going forward. So as I’ve noted, it will flat to slightly growing in ’18, and we continue to see that increasing going forward. I think the margin expansion story is a significant one. There’s really a couple parts to that. One is just cost initiatives, and we’ve pulled most of the key levers that we see here in the near and medium term, as well as our footprint, so we have announced two things this year - continuing to look at right-sizing our footprint after the integration, so with the large Wood consolidation as well as Augusta, and I think the BST assessment will help. We hit a billion dollars in companion animals in 2017 for the first time, and I think just the example of the contrast of BST to companion animals is a demonstration of this mix change. So we have said very clearly on margins that we do see, as we said in December 15 at the investor conference, returning to 30% operating margins, albeit it will be taking a little bit longer given some of these forces, like clean food. But we do see a path to that margin expansion, so increasing as we go forward in the short and medium term.
Jeff Simmons: Thanks Steve. Just to note, I would say that we continue to be very intentional on starting back in our pipeline, is to really focus on these higher growth areas, and we’ve been very open, all of companion animals we see we can compete in the three major segments there, then vaccines, antibiotic alternatives, and nutritional health, these are the areas that we’re intentionally leaning in on from our pipeline all the way through. Then when I look at accelerating our mix, I guess I would note--I mean, what really drove primarily the decline in our food animal business in the U.S. this year was BST. We did see the clean food movement hit us at an accelerated rate, but we’ve got BST now representing less than 5% of our portfolio, so it gives you an idea of that change. That’s all I would speak to specifically, but we are looking at antibiotic alternatives, vaccines, nutritional health on the food side, and we see some nice growth going forward there.  I don’t see anything on the trade side. Trade is critical - we all know that. We’ve built in our assumptions there is no trade agreements or changes that we see impacting any of our portfolio going forward. 
