John Lechleiter: Thanks Derica. Before we take your questions, let me briefly sum up. We describe this moment as a pivotal point for Lilly and it’s literally that. Even as we feel the maximum impact of our patent expirations, FDA approval of Cyramza along with the CHMP’s positive opinion on empagliflozin are significant milestones as we move beyond this period to a path of renewed growth. Our recent announcements to acquire Lohmann Animal Health and Novartis Animal Health position us for continued growth in the attractive animal health business. For the past five years, we have been candid with you about our challenges and our plans for overcoming them and we’ve delivered what we said we would. We said our first priority was to continue to advance our pipeline. And over the course of 2014, we will continue to generate and disseminate data on a number of Phase 3 molecules. We expect to make a number of regulatory submissions of potential new medicines and we expect to launch multiple products, starting later this quarter with Cyramza. We said we would offset some of our revenue loss by driving revenue growth across a broad range of products, geographies and businesses. Three of our so called growth engines performed very well in this quarter. Japan grew 16%, China grew 21% and Elanco Animal Health grew 6% despite the negative impact on companion animal health of a colder than normal winter. We said we would increase productivity and reduce operating expenses significantly and operating expenses in the quarter were down 14% versus the first quarter of last year. Overall, our first quarter financial results put us on track to meet our 2014 guidance. Our solid financial performance will enable us to continue to invest in our pipeline including our new product launches to pay the dividend at least at its current level to recapitalize our physical asset base to reinvest in our business through opportunistic business development and to return excess cash to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We remain confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute it. And now I’ll turn the call over to Phil for the Q&A session. Thank you.
John Lechleiter: Chris thanks for your question, I think that judging from events of the last week, if they combine to make a trend, I think you are, as I think I said in the Wall Street Journal earlier this week, you are seeing companies build on their strength, add to existing areas of strength and get rid of assets that where they believe they might be a subscale. Animal health realistically is one of a few opportunities we have to diversify in a meaningful way in a business that we believe still has very strong synergies back to our pharma business, I mean when we look at research, we share common footprint for research, we share a good number of manufacturing capabilities and assets and a global infrastructure that I think enables Elanco to be successful and we’ll continue to enable Elanco to be successful. I can’t comment specifically about whether, we would look to shed other assets. I think from -- we're pretty -- we don’t have that many sort of extra assets or businesses and OTC business for example or our vaccines business or what have you. But I think it's pretty clear that we're going to continue to focus a lot on diabetes and oncology and animal health. I think our bio-medicines portfolio gives us some options. We are going to know by the end of the year, will we be able to establish an autoimmune portfolio with 3 Phase III data readouts. We have a big bet still when you look at Alzheimer's with sola in EXPEDITION III trial ongoing now and enrolling. And then as we have said last call, we've completed [enrollment] evacetrapib which I think could be a very significant product in the cardiovascular space. So, I think we're guided more by where can we build on a solid footprint and on in the area where we have greater opportunity with the assets we have. And the idea of divesting assets would sort of only follow from that go forward kind of thinking, if that makes sense.
John Lechleiter: With respect to business development we have lots of business development activities, little bit like the duck floats on the water and the feet are paddling away. We're looking at business development opportunities across all categories that we compete in. You know a lot about Elanco and some of things we've done there, obviously in areas of strength, like oncology and diabetes, we're looking at opportunities that might compliment or strengthen our current portfolio products or which could be used in combination with those products. And in Bio-Medicines, which covers a whole broad range of therapeutic areas, I think a couple of good example recently tanezumab, the collaboration with Pfizer on the anti-CGRP or anti-NGF antibody for pain and then our acquisition of Arteaus in January with the anti-CGRP antibody for migraine. I think we bias towards areas where we have internal therapeutic expertise, where we understand development pathways and where we have key customer relationships. You can expect that we'll continue to remain vigilant and opportunistic when other opportunities come along.
John Lechleiter: Okay, just very briefly I want to thank everybody for joining us. And we appreciate your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. We appreciate your feedback on this format, we have been for the past couple of calls extending the time to allow you to ask more questions and we intend to keep doing that, and to also involve our leadership team which is represented here today and these calls going forward. So if you have any feedback on this approach, please get back to Phil. We’ll see many of you at ASCO and at ADA. We will be back here again in July with report from our second quarter. Thanks again.
Phil Johnson: Thank you John. If I could ask John the operator who is helping us with the call today to provide the instructions to the callers for the Q&A session and then we’ll get started with the first caller.
Phil Johnson: Mark one thing I might add on the CDK 4/6 neutropenia, it certainly could be that Pfizer condition the market to believe that this mechanism would be causing neutropenia full stop and so those were linked. There was data we presented at AACR to show that those patients that received 30% or greater reduction in tumor size, a significant proportion of those did not have neutropenia. So I think we may need to rethink a little bit what is actually causing the anti-tumor response and what maybe causing neutropenia. John, if we have next callers please.
Phil Johnson: Steve, thank you for the questions. Derica, if you will take the first one of 2015 guidance relative to street’s expectations that they have currently and then Enrique for the two diabetes question.
Sue Mahony: Yes, let me try and address the question on CDK4/6 inhibitor bemaciclib. We presented the breast cancer cohort data AACRBT and we have announced that we will be starting Phase III studies this year. In fact, if you look at ct.gov we have on that the Phase III study with (inaudible) in metastatic breast cancer. In addition, to that we have a Phase II single-agent study. We are excited by our single-agent activity that we saw in our breast cancer cohort. So we are initiating a confirmatory Phase II study there. With regards to other life cycle planning and timing of approvals of which I can't speculate on those at this point time, I would just say that we are going to continue to progress this molecule as we do as a safety, as we are excited by the single-agent activity and dosing and safety profile that we've seen so far. We also will be presenting our long cohort at ASCO this year and look forward to sharing more data on that.
Sue Mahony: Sure. With the (inaudible) data we presented last year at ASCO the Phase 1 study and we have done a number of cohort expansion since then. As I said, we presented the breast cancer expansion data at AAC, we will be presenting the lung cancer expansion data ASCO, until we present that clearly, I can't comment on that data, against just to say that we are continuing to look at opportunities to progress this molecule and we will be updating you as we get new data.
Sue Mahony: Sure. The Phase III study that we have currently on clinicaltrials.gov, as you said is bemaciclib in combination (inaudible) in metastatic breast cancer and that includes both first and second line patients, we also I said have the single agent Phase II. We’re going to continue to look at other areas with regards to (inaudible) is one of the obvious combinations of that. With regards to the mechanism of action, we know that bemaciclib is selected to CDK 4 and 6. We can’t comment on why we’re seeing this different levels in neutropenia other than we are seeing a different safety profile. And we as I said, we are able to do continuous dosing with this agent, we have single agent activity with this agent and we have a different safety profile with lower levels of neutropenia other than to say that we have, we selected CDK 4 and 6 I can’t comment on whether there is a specific mechanism of action here.
Sue Mahony: Yes. And with regards to oncology, clearly from a sales force perspective, we have a very experienced sales force globally in oncology. With payers, again focus is very in ensuring that we are bringing value to those patients in continuing to bring medicines that offer value to patient pays and physicians. We also really clear that we need to ensure that we continue to get value for continuous innovation which is the foundation of oncology development. With regards to our CDK4/6 inhibitor we are focused here is to ensure that we get this medicine to patient as quickly as possible and we will continue to work with the FDA and other regulatory authorities to enable that.
Sue Mahony: Thank you Jami. It’s a great question. Clearly there is a lot of interest and excitement about immuno-oncology and I think it’s been very clear that we think new data some tumors, particularly melanoma in others. We don’t have a PD1 and PDL-1 inhibitor. We do have a number of molecules in our pipeline though that do work on the immune system. The TGF beta pathway is important in immune defects in a number of tumor types and we have both large molecule and small molecule inhibitors to TGF-beta. We also have other molecules in our pipeline in earlier phase including our CXCL-4 antibodies, F1 receptor antibody and our P38 small molecule inhibitor as well as research efforts focused on it. So no, we don’t believe that we're absent in immune-oncology at all, clearly we are excited at this point in time by the fact that over the last 18 months also we would have four positive Phase III studies, I’m sure an overall survival improvement in lung cancer, in gastric cancer. And so with very much focus on ensuring that we get those medicines to patients as soon as possible. And yes we do believe that combination both of target agents chemotherapy and immunotherapy is going to be the future in oncology and we're very much focused on that.
Sue Mahony: Yes. With regards to ASCO, we have a number of interesting presentations at ASCO. We have follow up to the RAINBOW, gastric cancer study being presented, we've also got the necitumumab squire first line squamous study being presented as an ORO. And the ramucirumab Cyramza, second line lung cancer study being presented as an oral as well as CDK 4/6 lung cancer cohort. So clearly we feel that we have got some interesting information and we are planning to have a conference call of some sort to be finalized with [you all there], so to stay tuned on that one.
Sue Mahony: With regards to bemaciclib, clearly we see lower neutropenia in single agents, with single agent bemaciclib. We’ll have to see the Phase III data with combination for fulvestrant to see both the efficacy and safety there. We do have a Phase I safety study that we will in combination with fulvestrant at ASCO, so we have to see some more data there on the safety profile of bemaciclib with fulvestrant.
Sue Mahony: Sure. So with the Alimta, if we look at our Q1 performance, Alimta sales grew 2% that was given by the U.S. with negative growth offset by strong performance in ACE and Japan. In the U.S. the decrease was nearly driven by buying patterns with to a lesser extent some selling price impact as we’re seeing higher share in [340B] account. OUS, in Japan we saw again buying patterns, which in the other way was more positive way with regards to stocking in prior to the tax consumption change and also in ACE we saw very strong volume growth driven really in the maintenance. So what we are seeing is we're continuing to see a first line market share growth and continuation maintenance growth. And our focus really with Alimta continues to drive back to ensure that when patient start on Alimta, they continue on Alimta and we get more continuation maintenance. Alimta continues to be the market leader in non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer in the first line setting globally. We also, Alimta is the market leader in the maintenance setting. However, we still see the opportunity to grow the maintenance market, so that when patient start on Alimta, they continue on to progression and go in continuation maintenance and that’s clearly our focus now and going forward.
Sue Mahony: Yes. Let me talk about Cyramza because clearly we are extremely excited this week to announce that we have the first FDA approval for Cyramza and in fact it’s now the first FDA approved medicine for advanced gastric cancer following chemotherapy. And this is clearly a huge unmet need. And although it’s a very common, it’s a fifth most common cancer globally; it’s the third leading cause of death. It’s a rare disease in the U.S. We estimate about 22,000 patients will be diagnosed with cancer this year, with gastric cancer this year and a proportion of those is going second line treatment. So while I’m talking about ramucirumab, I want to make sure that I mentioned that. And also we are planning that we will have this product available over the next few weeks because we want to get it to patients. We also know that we got a number of questions of price, so I might as well believe it’s now all there. And we have as I said and it is a rare disease in the U.S., it is ramucirumab, Cyramza had been given orphan drug status. And we have priced CYRAMZA similar to other orphan drugs and (inaudible) biologics. So the price of an infusion based on the 60 kilogram patient is -- based on 70 kilogram patient, sorry, is $6,120. And given the median numbers of infusions that we use in REGARD trial which is the pivotal trial that led to disapproval this week its total price per patient will be $24,480. So that’s in the single agent second line gastric cancer. With regard to the combination gastric cancer trial, the RAINBOW study, we have submitted that to -- we plan to submit that as a supplemental NDA to the FDA very soon. Clearly, we also have completed the submission to Europe based on the REGARD study and are working to find the most efficient way of getting the RAINBOW study submitted to Europe and we plan to submit in Japan as well. You mentioned as well, we’ve got the two positive -- the other positive phase study, Phase III study in lung cancer which we will be presenting at ASCO and the HCC and colorectal studies should be leading out yet this year. So we are very excited. Yes, we do plan to do other studies of Cyramza as we plan our lifecycle plans. We are not able to give you specific details there other than to say that given the positive data that we have seen in both gastric and lung, we clearly are looking to ensure that we have full lifecycle plans for this molecule.
Sue Mahony: Sure. Alex we are continuing to look at multiple combinations obviously, Cyramza with its (inaudible) could be combined with a number of different agents. So we’re looking at multiple combinations including immuno-oncology combinations with many of our pipeline molecule, not just with Cyramza. With regards to the ACC and colorectal we should have the ACC readouts in the first half of this year, the mid this year and later this year, we should have the colorectal to readout. We are anticipating that we would do toplines on both of those and have external data disclosure on the HTC Phase III trial this year.
Sue Mahony: Yes, thanks Seamus. With regards to our MET program, we remain still excited with our MET program. Our MET antibody is different to the genetic antibody, it’s a bivalent antibody and it’s locked both ligand-dependent and ligand-independent cMET signaling which we believe could be important. We have two Phase II trials ongoing in lung cancer with this antibody. And we’re specifically targeting EGFR mutant population since there is -- the science shows that there is evidence for the relevance of EGFR and MET cross talk. So we believe that with the antibody that we got that’s bivalent as I say, targeting both the ligand and independent ligand MET expression plus our focus on EGFR mutant population that we’ve got an interesting molecule antibody development path and clearly we’ve got a Phase II program that we want to see the outcome of that Phase II program to decide whether we’d move forward with the Phase III. So we remain optimistic.
Sue Mahony: Yes, Tim that's a great question and clearly the patent decision that we've got this year makes us feel much more comfortable with regard to the future of Alimta. We're going to have to wait and see what happens with regards to the PD-1s and immuno-oncology. We need to see the data mature, we need to see which patients would be most eligible for those agents. Our focus as I said previously is really to continue to drive the first line and the maintenance, so the continuation maintenance indications for Alimta. And even though we are market leader, we've only got less than 40% share market in the first line setting and only approximately 20% of patients go on to receive maintenance of the first line setting. So we do continue to see that there are opportunities, there are a lot of different agents being investigated in lung cancer which is great, because they needed huge. We made a lot of improvement over the years but there is an awful lot of improvement that needs to happen. So, I think clearly we’re watching and we’re involved in bringing new medicines to patients. We see that the lung cancer market is continuing to be an area of interest as we're bringing new medicines and because of the size and because of the unmet need. So I still see opportunity clearly for Alimta to grow. I’m glad that we won the patent and we are continuing to drive what we believe the opportunity is with three Phase 3 trials that show an overall survival advantage with Alimta and showing that you start with Alimta and stay with Alimta in the front line setting data, we can continue to help patients and we’ll continue to [develop] this brand.
Derica Rice: Sure. Tim this is Derica. I can’t comment or I am not able to comment as to what the dilutive effect would be in 2015 at this stage, obviously it’s going to be predicated on when we actually close the transaction and right now we are still projected to close by no later than the end of Q1. What we have said is that if we assume a January 1, 2015 close we would expect that this deal would be accretive on a cash basis by 2016 and should begin to return to historical levels of margins that you have seen on Lilly’s animal health business no later than 2018 our three years post closing.
Derica Rice: Mark, this is Derica. As we stated on our animal health investor call earlier this week, the March animal health transaction does not change or materially affect our ongoing capital allocation strategy, we still believe we have the capacity to sustain our dividend at least at this current level, and we're still in a position going forward to consider future dividend increases, this does not affect our outlook in terms of our ability to complete our share repurchase program, we're still committed to the 5 billion. And as it relates to business development, we still have the capacity to pursue the types of deals that you’ve seen from Lilly historically. We’ve never been adding the space of mega mergers, but if you look at our history, the largest deal we’ve done is ImClone, now the second largest deal is to be the Novartis Animal Health and after that was ICOS for about 2.5 billion. So within that space we absolutely have the capacity to pursue those types of opportunities.
Derica Rice: Hi, Steve, I like the phrasing of your initial question. But let me try to clarify, I’m not able to comment on specific 2015 guidance at this time. And it has nothing to do with our level of comfort or discomfort, it just means that we're not in a position to provide guidance and we typically haven't at the stage of the game. What we have said is that we do expect that in 2015 that we expect to return the growth and margin expansion and obviously that was prior to the impact or the contemplation of the acquisition of Novartis Animal Health.
Derica Rice: Hi, Dave. In regards to our U.S. net price calculation, it is really comprised of three elements, one is obviously any going rebate that we provide relative to the prior period. Secondly, here in the near term it does include the impact of the authorized generic which would be at a lower net price. And the third would be any adjustments we made to our growth to net accruals as we reconcile to any receipts that we're receiving from the government. As it relates to the rebate, the first point I started, we did see in the quarter, obviously the impact of the ESI contract in the U.S. where we know in our diabetes business where we did see price deflation rather than price growth on a net basis. So, those are three elements that are driving the price effect that you are seeing in our Q1 results in the U.S.
Enrique Conterno: Steve, we have I think very consistently said that when it comes to our innovative basal insulin, we would only see us launching that if we truly can differentiate against Lantus. Now all of our trials are basically against Lantus, we have a number of measures that we are looking at, we have talked about glycemic control, we have talked about nocturnal hypoglycemia, a better weight profile and also lower use of the meal time insulin dose with a product as some indications that we basically saw in Phase II. Clearly, we also saw some signals when it comes to side effects. At this point in time, I'm just going to ask for all of us to wait, we believe that we should be in a position to issue a top line press release this quarter. On dulaglutide, I really cannot comment more than what we basically have said, as part of the press release, we are pleased with the results of Award-6, we will have to wait for the detailed disclosure of the data. At this stage we believe we have a very competitive product and we are very bullish on it.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. When it comes to diabetes, I think all of us know the payer environment is very complex, it’s challenging, both coming from the decision that payers are making as well as competition that we have. From our perspective, we believe and we continue to believe that choice continues to be extremely important. Now, we clearly see that sometimes this is not an option that we have and in those cases, we do compete for preferential access, in particular when it comes to portfolio which is what we are marketing now. As we make the decisions, we do look at both financial and strategic considerations in terms of how competitive we are going to be with the different accounts. I would mention that in the case of Tradjenta, the engagement with the payers is done through BI.
Enrique Conterno: Yes. First when it comes to our overall insulin business, let me provide this a bit of broader context. When we look our overall insulin franchise, we had very good volume growth worldwide. Our volume growth was basically 8% to 9% when we look at our insulin franchise and this volume growth was solid across all regions based on our ability to be competitive when it comes to our presence in different geographies. When it come to the U.S. I think it’s important that we do recognize, there were two impacts here. There was a net pricing impact of the contract ESI and other contracts as well, as well as there was a very significant inventory effect when it comes to wholesalers. That inventory effect was in the high single-digits in the U.S. So that was an important impact for us when we look at our overall demand and all of you have access to the script data, it is very good that we have seen not very significant impact when it comes to our share performance and our overall volume performance. Going forward right, this is something that we monitor very carefully when it comes to pricing, but we have now over 50% of the market that has gone to preferential formula is when it comes to analogs. Question is how quickly will the rest of the market go there I think it’s fair to say that we are fighting to make sure that patients continue to have choice, but at the same time as I have shared we need to be competitive whenever a payers basically makes the decision that they are going to narrow the formulary. At this stage it is difficult to make more comments when it comes to looking at the future of insulin pricing, I would just say that we do monitor this very carefully and we have become increasingly more sophisticated to think about both financially and strategically what’s in our best interest.
Enrique Conterno: Very good. First, the market dynamic for the orals, I think we're seeing very good growth when it comes to new patient volumes. We’ll take in combination, both the DPP-4s of new patient starts, the DPP-4 class plus the SGLT2 class. This new patient growth that we're basically seeing is slightly above where we had expected it to be. So we're very pleased with that. I think the SGLT2 class is off to a very good start and it seems that is being adopted very well. When it comes to GLP-1s, I think it’s slightly different that we believe that the GLP-1 market could expand in a very significant way, but we have not seen that at this stage. We, I'll be frank we are counting on dulaglutide to be an enormous catalyst for that growth. I think, I'd share while we have basically looked at the dula, against liraglutide highest dose, our intent of doing that has been to basically ensure that we get the right price and reimbursement for our product. We are not seeking to just switch patients from dulaglutide. The big opportunity that we have in this particular case is to ensure that we can expand the GLP-1 plus in a very significant way. And once again, we see dulaglutide as a pretty important catalyst to that. You were also asking about the payer environment on both of those classes. Without going into a lot of detail, payers today view, when it comes to GLP-1s more differentiation between the products, then maybe when it comes to meal time insulin. I think that's also the case for basal insulins. So the formularies when it comes to GLP-1s and basal insulin don't tend to be as narrow, as they are in the case of meal time insulins. In the case of the orals, formularies today are narrow, that is clearly a risk going forward. But it is not like the case of the meal time insulin, where you may have just exclusively one product in the formulary. In most of the formularies, when it's comes to orals, there tends to be more than one product, maybe two products in that formulary, maybe not all, but maybe two.
Dave Ricks: Yes, in regard to inventories, there is two big effects on Q1, the first obviously the U.S., we have as Enrique mentioned a headwind in the high single-digits to even low double-digits across the marketed product portfolio. I just want to remind investors that we had a very robust Q4 on exactly the same products and stated at that time that there was a tailwind. Why this happens, I think is a cluster of just how the calendar works in terms of their buying patterns covering the holiday period in early January coupled with price speculation. Obviously if we look over a longer period of time this tend to smooth out in the U.S. We also in Q1 had a very strong performance in Japan. A portion of that is driven by Japanese stocking from Q2 into Q1 so you need to look through that as well. Again in long-term this tend to smooth out and I think in market performance for these key brands in diabetes as well as biomedicines I think are on track and consistent across the two quarters.
Dave Ricks: Great, thanks. On evacetrapib certainly Lilly remains very optimistic about this mechanism and thus the basis for original investment in evacetrapib remains which is that this drug has a very substantial impact on both LDL and HDL as well as other important cardiovascular markers. We believe that and that effect will demonstrate a significant reduction in major cardiovascular risk. We have a large Phase III program which is fully enrolled, we're waiting for events and we believe we are powered to demonstrate that reduction in major cardiovascular risk based on all those factors and actually on LDL alone. So, we're optimistic about evacetrapib, I think some of the noise in the classes die down posted dalcetrapib readout reminding investors that dalcetrapib molecule was quite different from evacetrapib in both its biomarker effects, but also structure, had much more modest effect in only on HDL. And of course you’ve a competitor at Merck in anacetrapib and they have had some interesting data come out of their own which I think has dampen enthusiasm for that program, but we remained both committed and excited about evacetrapib is potentially very large products in our future.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Mark, as I reminder we’re in the middle of Phase II study, we expect that data in the second half. The purpose of that study is really to better elucidate the dosing schedule for the medicine. But I think it’s safe to say we believe that PCSK9s can make a significant difference in cardiovascular risk and that Lilly PCSK9 may have the benefit of an extended dosing schedule; how long what we would actually decide to do, if we proceed it with the medicine is to be determined.
