Jan M. Lundberg: Right. In relation to filings, we first need to see the data before we can really commit to exact data in that area. And we will communicate data second half this year. In relation to the ECG comment, first of all, the Data Monitoring Committee recommended that the 2 EXPEDITION trials continue as planned, and the ECG comment was related to the extension 2-year trial. Currently, there are 2 ECG recordings in the extension trial at 12 and 24 months, and the Data Monitoring Committee wanted us to add the 1 and 3 months monitoring as well. This is consistent with the level of monitoring we actually have in the blinded clinical trials. If we look at this population of Alzheimer patients, the average age is around 75 years in the studies. And in previous trials that we've had, for instance, with semagacestat, placebo responses for cardiovascular events were 6.5%. And so far, in the EXPEDITION studies, we have 6.4% of patients that have reported a cardiac adverse event, although we do not know currently if these subjects are receiving active treatment with solanezumab or placebo. But remember, again, the Data Monitoring Committee recommended we continue the studies as planned. The futility analysis was done in the way that was pre-agreed. And if we wouldn't have met the agreement, we would not have continued. So futility was not met according to the defined rules.
Jan M. Lundberg: Futility was defined that all 4 of the primary endpoints, 2 in each of the 2 pivotal studies, having a 30% or lower probability of being positive at the study completion. So this, I think, repeats what Ronika said.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yes. I guess my comment is that it remains to be seen what we will be learned. I think for -- to really learn the essence of the CETP mechanism, we need to have the outcome data for the top molecules that really affect HDL over 100% and, in addition, lower LDL. And so we need to do the final outcome studies to make the definitive conclusions.
Jan M. Lundberg: Okay. There are 4 primary endpoints as was stated too in each of the 2 EXPEDITION trials. The first one is the ADAS-COG, which measures cognitive function with an emphasis on memory. The second one is the ADCS-ADL, which measures the ability to independently perform daily activities, such as eating, bathing or using the telephone. So it's a cognitive subscore and an activity of daily living inventory. And there are one of each done in each study, making it 4 all together.
Jan M. Lundberg: The studies have been powered so that we need to hit statistical significance on all 4 primary endpoints across the 2 studies. On the other hand, there are secondary endpoints and there could be subgroup analysis being done, and it will end up in a discussion with the FDA. Remembering also that this is a disease area with a very high unmet medical need, and there are no disease modifying treatments available. And, of course, it's about the benefit/risk judgment overall.
Jan M. Lundberg: Right. The Data Monitoring Committee did not say how many of the primary endpoints exceeded the threshold for futility, so we cannot comment on that. In relation to the nature of the cardiovascular events, we cannot be more specific at the current stage. And I refer back to my previous comment that, overall, there was a similar occurrence of CV events in the EXPEDITION trials in the -- which are blinded, compare them to the placebo events in the semagacestat trial.
Jan M. Lundberg: It could be an option, but this will be a discussion with the regulators, again, referring back to the unmet medical need and the benefit/risk of this molecule. But we are doing this analysis, and it could be one option.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yes, if we get back to the cardiovascular concerns potential for solanezumab, as far as we understand, there are no real theoretical risks identified with this particular mechanism, although binding the amyloid is a peripheral thing. So we need to be driven by the outcome data then, from these patients. If we look at the pipeline, yes, there are a number of antibodies addressing beta-amyloid even at the midportion of the molecule like solanezumab, the N-terminal portion then, like some other agents. And earlier, there are oral agents, the base inhibitor, which we have one. And if we look at the positioning of these molecules, the base inhibitor then prevents the formation of amyloid, while then solanezumab actually removes or prevents aggregation of amyloid. So there are partly different mechanismal actions. It's also an opportunity for the next generation of amyloid agents to a more prospective use beta-amyloid imaging to actually identify amyloid-carrying patients that have mild cognitive impairment, for instance. And that could be the next step then to look into how you can really modify Alzheimer's disease progression.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yes. Volumetric MRIs is a readout that certainly we will try to include with all the other readouts that we have for the solanezumab trial. For evacetrapib, we are in regulatory discussions about our Phase III programs, and we cannot share any comments today about this outcome, which also includes then potential business development.
Philip Johnson: Tim, one other thing. We have been regularly monitoring cardiac adverse events in the pivotal studies. And we'll continue to do so, obviously, with enhanced testing in the extension study as well.
Philip Johnson: I guess, Jami, one of the way to think about the futility is, as you're probably aware, we're measuring ADAS-COG and ADCS-ADL scales as the 2 co-primary endpoints in each of the 2 pivotal studies. If all 4 of those endpoints had a 30% or lower probability of being positive upon completion of the studies, then the futility criteria would in fact have been met. And as we've said, those criteria were not met.
Philip Johnson: Derica, you want to handle the major inventory change question? Ilissa, the SGLT2 and then either Derica or I will handle the TRILOGY investment question for you.
Philip Johnson: And then on TRILOGY, obviously, this is a trial that will give us a very interesting and useful information about using the dose 2.5 milligrams for maintenance as opposed to a higher maintenance dose in elderly and low body weight patients, that were those patients in the TRITON-TIMI 38 trial had a much higher incidence of bleeding. So looking very much forward to getting this data later this year, having a chance to present it at a medical meeting in the second half of the year, hopefully, as well. In terms of the investment required, I would not want to indicate to you that it does require a significant additional investment. We have a footprint already for this product with the ACS-PCI indication. We have a sales force also selling other cardiovascular drugs. And again, the data could be very helpful to substantiate the clinical profile of Effient, but would not necessarily lead to any significant ramp-up in marketing or selling expenditures behind the drug.
Philip Johnson: Great, Dave. Jan, do you want to take maybe the first and third question? I'll be happy to fill in on the ct.gov portion.
Philip Johnson: And then, Dave, on the clinicaltrials.gov information, you're right, it shows both trials completing as is stated on clinicaltrials.gov in April and June of 2012. Just for clarity, that would be the last patient visit that would generate the data necessary to go ahead and actually close that database. In many trials, that takes a number of weeks. This may take a bit longer given the number of tests that are being done and different kinds of imaging that are being done. So it will be a larger number of weeks, post last patient visit before we actually close those databases, clean and validate them and begin to have a readout of the data. So I don't know that I'd indicate to you the early Q3 disclosure. We typically have been trying to set the expectation. We will present this data before the end of the year at a medical meeting, and then we'll evaluate with our team, with a PC council based on the data, what is an appropriate disclosure strategy, if any, prior to a scientific disclosure at a medical meeting.
Philip Johnson: And in terms of the financial modeling, Steve, you're correct saying in the past, that continues to be the case. Again, this is a disease state where there are no disease modifying therapies, things would delay the progression of Alzheimer's disease symptoms. And amyloid-beta hypothesis, while it's probably the leading hypothesis, is still that. We think this is one of the first molecules that will give that hypothesis a real test, and we're optimistic about the potential for helping to improve care for Alzheimer's disease patients, as well as their families. But this remains a very high risk area of research. We've also discussed the fact that it's particularly risky since we did not generate in Phase II the kind of efficacy data that you typically would have at that particular point in time. So for that reason, if this relatively high-risk, relatively lower probability Phase III asset were not to work, that would not have a significant impact on our future financial projection, given that relatively low probability. If, however, it were to work, there could be a more meaningful upside to our financial projections. Again, I go back to Derica's comment as well, just given the timing for completion of studies, potential submission and approval, this is not a molecule that would be impacting our 2014 guidance in either of the 2 cases of either working or not working in these Phase III studies.
Philip Johnson: Off the bat, let me tell you, we don't have the data on median time on treatment, either at the interim or upon completion. I don't know that we'll have that. We will certainly check and follow up after the call. Derica will handle the Emerging Markets question, and John, to you for the healthcare reform.
Philip Johnson: Seamus, just a quick follow-up as well on the Emerging Markets. So as Derica had mentioned we have 7% growth in Q4 and 10% for the year. If you look at that volume growth, it's been quite strong. As Derica mentioned, it was 16% in Q4 and 12% for the full year. And then just to place in context the $250 million potential hit from generics, that would equate to about 10% of our overall Emerging Markets business. So it would be a relatively substantial hit, but again, may mask some of the underlying volume growth in other products that aren't affected by patent expiration.
Philip Johnson: Sure. So for the insulin business, we saw continued strong growth in Q4 both in Humalog and in Humulin. In Humulin, we saw not only continued strong growth with the Humulin ReliOn brand with Walmart. But also, as some of that annualized out, a bit more of our price dropping to the bottom line. Humalog, we continue to see very strong growth in a number of market segments, including some of the hospital and long-term care segments. As we have indicated, we do expect that given some of the decisions that were made, CVS Caremark principally, for example, for commercial, as well as Part D, that we'll likely see some erosion in market share at the very beginning of the year. But again, we remain very encouraged by the progress we've made to date and the trajectory that we're on.
Philip Johnson: Catherine, one thing we have said about the programs for evacetrapib while we're still in the planning phases, we did go ahead in Phase II and look at this in combination with a number of statins that are commonly used, whereas, I believe, some of the others have been looking at a combination with a single statin. So clearly, we'll also be evaluating that as we set our Phase III plans. And I believe there is an open label extension to the Phase II, but I think we'll need to go ahead and double check on that for sure with you.
Philip Johnson: Okay, great. Before we go ahead and conclude the call, I would like to take a moment to thank our colleague, Ronika Pletcher, for her contributions to our Investor Relations efforts over the last 3.5 years, plus a little bit. I know many of you have worked with her pretty closely, and we appreciate her contributions. I'll also want to thank you that have dialed in today for your interest in Eli Lilly & Co, We definitely look forward to keeping you appraised of the progress we make during the course of 2012. And the IR team, as always, will be available post the call to answer any questions you may have. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
Derica W. Rice: And Jami, on your question in regards to sola's impact on 2014, it's fairly immaterial given the probability that we were assuming. We have not put that absolute number out there. But what I can say is that if solanezumab is not successful, it will not cause us to change our 2014 outlook.
Derica W. Rice: Sure. Mark, in regards to inventory changes in the quarter, we did see some inventory build, excuse me, in the wholesalers and a little bit in retail in the fourth quarter in December. It's a little bit higher than what we have typically seen, but we've also seen that basically being burned off here in the first few weeks of the month of January . So we didn't see anything significantly out of whack but was higher levels than we've seen historically.
Derica W. Rice: Greg, in regards to your budgetary question around CETP, CETP is just one of many molecules that we have within our clinical portfolio. And so as I highlighted on other calls, the group is very adept here in our R&D organization, doing good portfolio management and managing within the budgetary guidelines that we have established. And we make trade-off all the time. And so as we go forward, depending upon what the decision is around CETP, that will be looked at in conjunction with other molecules that we have in development, and we'll make the necessary decisions to be able to make the right funding. As it relates to tax repatriation. For us, the thing that we've been most focused on, Greg, is not necessarily repatriation because that's still a onetime deal. The more systemic or sustainable element that we think is most important is the U.S. moving to a territorial system. And this is where we will essentially be on a level playing field with our competitors who are not domiciled in the U.S., and I think that's the most important element of tax reform as I look forward.
Derica W. Rice: John, as you saw, we had very strong performance in Japan, both for the quarter and for the year. And for the year, we grew 31% there, for the quarter, 27%. And the key brands driving that were brands such as Cymbalta, Zyprexa, Alimta and Forteo. As we think about 2012, we are anticipating the biannual price decrease. This year, as you've heard on our January 5 earnings call, we anticipate the impact of that price decrease being much larger than what we've seen historically, to the tune of about approximately $200 million. We won't know specifically until we actually see the price list that comes out. But it's across brands, like Alimta, where we've had huge volume growth there and potentially, Zyprexa.
Derica W. Rice: Okay. Chris, our focus on business development and direction has not changed. And going forward, we expect it to be fairly consistent with what you've seen from us historically. And our footprint has been -- we've done deals like Axiron, which we can easily slot into our ED business and footprint -- commercial footprint. We did the deal and the collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, where we're able to bring in 2 molecules that we could leverage our diabetes focus. And at the same time, outside of human pharma, we've followed the same approach as it relates to our Elanco Animal Health business. And most recently, we acquired ChemGen, which was an enzyme business, a feed-added business that we were able to slot into our existing Animal Health footprint. So those are the kinds of deals that we've been focused on historically, and I would see us following that similar pattern going forward.
