Kevin Hearn: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q3 2021 earnings call. Kevin Hearn, VP of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO, Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Dan Skowronski (ph), Chief Scientific and medical officer [indiscernible] White (ph) President of Lilly Neuroscience, Jake Van Arden, CEO of Loxo Oncology at Lilly and President of Lilly Oncology. Patrick Johnson (ph), President of Lilly immunology, and Lilly U.S.A. and Mike Mason (ph), President of Lilly Diabetes. We're also joined by Lauren Zerki Santueja and Sarah Smith of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations.  Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q and 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now, I will turn the call over to Dave for a summary of our third quarter results.
Kevin Hearn: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible. So we ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. Louise, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then were ready for the first caller.
Kevin Hearn: Thanks. Chris we'll go to Anat for the first question on 2022 margin expansion and then the on the thoughts about the uptake and outlook for donanemab.
Kevin Hearn: Thanks. We'll go to Anat for the question on launch prep and the overall costs for both tirzepatide in donanemab how we think about that going into next year. And then we'll go to Ian for the question around the NCD and ADG home.
Kevin Hearn: Thanks, Seamus. We'll go to Jake for the question on Verzenio and then Mike for the question on Tirzepatide.
Kevin Hearn: Thanks, Ronny. We'll go to Dave for the 1st couple of questions around low - cost entrants and FDA policy, and then we'll go to Mike for the question on the interchangeability of Lantus and how that can potentially [inaudible 01:02:41] a fast-acting insulin.
Kevin Hearn: Thanks, Carter. We'll go to Dan to the 1st question on the Aducanumab head-to-head and then Jake for the 2nd.
David Ricks: Thanks, Kevin. Once again, Lilly had a very strong quarter growing our newest medicines around the world and continuing to advance significant potential new medicines in the late-stage development. While also building long-term opportunities through early-stage investments in technology and progress in early-stage programs. Q3 2021 was also a period where the resilience of our Company, our people and collaborators were tested by the pandemic. And again, they rose to the challenge on, personally recognize and thank my Lilly teammates for delivering such a strong overall performance. Innovating to maintain pipeline velocity, running our plans to meet the rapidly growing demand of medicines and continuing to serve our customers, whether be in person or online. Turning to our strategic deliverables on slide 4, Q3 revenue grew 18% compared to Q3 2020, or 17% in constant currency. This performance was driven entirely by volume. Volume growth was 17 percentage points. When excluding COVID-19 therapies, which includes revenue from COVID-19 antibodies and sales of Olumiant for the treatment of COVID-19, revenue grew an estimated 11% for the quarter and year-to-date. Revenue attributable to our newer medicines grew over 35% and now represents nearly 60% of our core business this quarter, an important indicator for our long-term growth potential. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 79% in Q3 or 79.3%, excluding for the impact of foreign exchange on international inventories sold. Excluding this FX impact, our gross margin decreased by approximately 60 basis points compared to last year. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.5%, representing an improvement of over 400 basis points compared to Q3 of last year. And over 100 basis points of sequential improvement from Q2 of this year. We had a number of significant pipeline milestones since our last earnings call in August.  Including the FDA approvals for Verzenio and certain people with high-risk early breast cancer. And for Jardiance and collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim in heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Regulatory submissions for Tirzepatide for type 2 diabetes in the U.S. to which we applied a priority review voucher, as well as the EU, and Jardiance in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. We initiated a rolling submission in the U.S. for donanemab in early Alzheimer's disease and had positive Phase III readouts for lebrikizumab in atopic dermatitis. We also continue to augment our pipeline with these development opportunities as we continue to leverage external innovation to build our discovery capabilities with a focus on new modalities at Lilly. In Q3, we announced a research collaboration and licensing agreement with Lycia Therapeutics to utilize their proprietary protein degradation technology. Finally on financials, we distributed nearly $800 million to shareholders via the dividend this quarter. Moving to slides 5 and 6, you'll a see list of key events since our Q2 earnings call, including issuing the company’s first sustainability bond with proceeds allocated toward environmental projects, including pollution prevention, energy efficiency, and renewable energy, as well as social projects to increase access to essential services and social economic advancement and empowerment.  We announced a series of leadership and organizational changes this quarter. Recent positive data readouts this year led us to the natural decision to increase our focus on immunology and NeuroScience and to unify the Loxo Oncology and Lilly Oncology organizations. We believe these changes enhance our ability to execute on a broad range of exciting commercial and pipeline opportunities. I'd like to welcome Jake Van Arden, to Lilly's Executive Committee, and look forward to Ann, Patrick and Jake continuing their leadership in their new roles. They'll be focused on increasing our competitiveness in their therapeutic areas and growing our existing medicines while also launching our late-stage pipeline of new medicines which could benefit patients across a diverse set of medical conditions.  Similarly, I'm grateful for Ilias (ph) continued leadership and look forward to him leading our growing international business. Finally, I would like to thank [indiscernible] for his impact on our Company across more than three decades of his commitment to patients, to development of our industry-leading commercial capabilities and his relentless focus on execution and mentorship of countless Lilly leaders. Kudo (ph) thank you for your service to our Company. We have a deep leadership venture at Lilly. They're smart, they're energetic and experienced. And I know they're as excited as I am to take Lilly to another level in the decade ahead. Now I will turn the call over to Anat to review our Q3 results and provide an update on our financial guidance for 2021.
David Ricks: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me sum up the progress we've made during the quarter. We have seen continued strength in our core business through the first 9 months of the year, with double-digit volume-driven revenue growth net of COVID-19 therapies and strong performance across key brands. We're pleased to see sequential and year-over-year operating margin expansions, as well as strong non-GAAP earnings growth. We have made significant progress developing new medicines. And Q3 was another important quarter for our pipeline as we announced the submission of Tirzepatide in type 2 diabetes, the initiation of a rolling submission for donanemab in the U.S. for early Alzheimer's disease, key life cycle approvals, and submissions for Verzenio and Jardiance, and positive Phase 3 readouts for lebrikizumab.We returned nearly $800 million to shareholders through dividends in Q3, reflecting confidence in the ongoing strength of our business. As we move toward the close of 2021, we are confident in our long-term growth prospects. While the past year has seen tremendous advances in our late-stage pipeline, at our Investor Day in December, we look forward to sharing information with you regarding the next generation of assets that we believe will enable us to sustain the flow of innovative medicines to patients and augment our future growth prospects. Now I will turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Thanks, Andrew, for the question. Obviously, there's a lot of talking and discussing going on in Washington about how to Mig medicines more affordable. I think we've been pretty consistent in our view that both as Lilly and I think I can speak for the industry here we are for progress. We're not for the status quo and the centerpiece of almost every part of legislation being discussed which is I think good news for seniors is some reform to the Part D benefit. That is certainly highlighted in representative Peter's Bill. It's in HR-19, it was in the aggressive widen effort. It's I'm sure in the Senate Finance effort now, and I think that's good news. The contours of that are all kind of different, but the general idea is that industry would pay additional costs into the system, that that would reduce monthly out-of-pocket costs, both below and above the catastrophic phase cap -- catastrophic costs as well as eliminate the donut hole.  I think we're basically for all those things and we think that's a good set of initiatives. Where the debate sort of kicks in is around how to pay for that, or whether pay for from the industry should go to other healthcare priorities. And of course, we have clear positions on that. One piece of Peter's Bill we don't like is the retroactive CPI Cap. I think that's punitive and unfair. It also is disproportionate on some types of medicines versus others. So I think the industry is aligned, [indiscernible] we don't care for that. Although in general, the idea of a CPI regulator on forward price increases is something people have gotten used to talking about.  And then the thing we do, put our foot down and firmly opposed and why we're so against HR3 and other efforts, is taking money out of the pharmaceutical industry for other priorities. Isn't drug pricing a big enough problem? Why don't we take the money out of pharmaceutical industry and give it to patients who want to buy our medicines. And that's a position we've had for a long time. I think it's been a busy week and into next week, probably negotiating out this package, but we're hopeful that some of these messages are resonating and we could land with a Part D reform and modest impact on the industry so we can keep innovating for the future.
David Ricks: As it relates, Ronny, to the broader question about why not more everyday low-priced strategies in the main and pharmaceuticals. I mean, I think a couple of things come to mind here. First, I think in oncology in particular, it is infeasible quite often to run comparative studies. And so once an incumbent is established, it's very difficult to displace that incumbent. Maybe the one narrow exception might be what Jake highlighted with Sintilimab where you could have a more price-sensitive segment. And here we have analogous data from a different country that was conducted in a time-gap that was prior to other PD-1s being approved in that setting. And so that presents an opportunistic play.  We have of course also pursued this in insulin and Mike can comment on that in a second. But basically, our launch to the 30% discount to the other insulin glargine. We've pursued our own low-cost authorized generic of Humalog, now reducing the price to effectively 70% off the original brand. But here again, it illustrates the point Jake was making is that even in the retail side, it's not universally adopted. Today the half-price form of Humalog and the third off-price of insulin glargine that we provide have minority market shares and that's a little bit counter-intuitive. But of course, we all know the incentives of the supply chain which do tend to favor higher list price products, and that's I think where that shows up. Finally, you asked why don't we pursue this for our whole portfolio?  Well, I think the overriding thought for our portfolio was often to create differentiated datasets. And 1 thing different from [indiscernible] different from [indiscernible] and authorize generic, Humalog is that those aren't differentiated datasets. So they're more or less interchangeable. So when we create a new medicine, we're seeking to create something better. And in the main, that's how the system is set up and that favors typically an introductory price that's similar to other innovative competitors and then rebating and discounting to the channel to get formulary access and use. And that remains our main strategy.  Of course, if there were some big policy shifts that flattened gross to net or reduced, somehow, the incentives of intermediaries, we'd take a look at that. I think our goal would be to deliver lower cost points to consumers if we could. Right now, mostly the system rewards something else and that's how we are forward planning for the portfolio that Dan was talking about. Maybe Mike has any final comments on insulin and interchangeability.
David Ricks: Kerry, you were kind of breaking in and out, but I think these are for Jake. And the 1st question, Jake, if you didn't catch it, was about quarter-on-quarter revenue And whether that was affected by pricing in CDK46th market or rather the stocking point you made earlier. And then I think the 2nd point was about IDFS versus OS in the FDA 's policy [indiscernible] that.
David Ricks: Great. Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in our Company. We continue to grow our broad commercial portfolio with strong momentum in our core business, supported by many key brands and accelerating classes. This is complemented by a compelling pipeline with industry-leading opportunities. And we remain focused on bringing new medicines to patients and creating value for all of our stakeholders. Thanks again for dialing in. And please follow-up with Investor Relations. if you have any questions we did not address on the call and hope you have a great day.
Anat Ashkenazi: Great. Thanks. So for 2022, we will provide further details and guidance in a couple -- in December, so not too far from now, and we'll provide additional carry on how we view the year and what investments and pushes and pulls we have going into next year. As you think about our margin expansion and the goals we've set out and we've communicated in terms of getting to mid-to-high 30s, in terms of margin expansion, we still have a clear line of sight to get there, and that's still our goal.  There will be -- but it's not a linear growth, so there will be years that are going to be stronger years, or we're going to be making specific targeted investments. And as you've seen us do this year with donanemab when we have strong convictions in the pipeline asset or when we're preparing to launch very promising opportunities and products, we will invest behind them. So think about this as still growing to mid-to-high 30s, but not necessarily in a linear fashion, but in line with investments we would need to make.
Anat Ashkenazi: Well, as Dan stated and as our competitor has shared, they've experienced there clearly is work to do to ensure that the diagnostic and the patient ecosystems are prepared for these medicines. And until there is definitive phase three data, we do believe that we should really expect modest use of these medicine. Now fortunately, as Dan said, for donanemab, this confirmatory data comes quickly in mid-23 for travelers are all too. And so this will be the opportunity to really help patients on a more significant scale. Now, some of the opportunities here, certainly pursuing accelerated approval is really important, both to provide early access. but also to let us begin addressing some of these infrastructure challenges ahead of the Phase three data. We need to build out the diagnostic ecosystem, particularly PET scans and blood tests. We need to make sure that there's adequate infusion capacity. And then very importantly, we need to ensure that there's reimbursements so that the appropriate patients can have access to donanemab. So these are going to be our areas of focus now through our phase 3 window. We're confident in our ability to address these infrastructure challenges over time. And I would say by clearing plaque faster and deeper, we believe that as well as identifying the right patients, we've optimized the chances for showing compelling benefits in the Phase III, which is we said is what was going to show significant uptake in the class. We continue to see the same opportunity for donanemab in the mid to long term once these challenges are addressed and the confirmatory data is available.
Anat Ashkenazi: Sure. So as we're preparing to launch both these medicines, obvious 1 is in an area where we have significant commercial footprint, manufacturing scale up capabilities and the other 1 is an area we're currently building. So, we're investing in advancing both of these efforts forward preparing for potential launch of Tirzepatide mid next year, and then a regulatory decision on donanemab by the second half of next year. Those will be factored into the guidance that we will provide on December 15th as we go into -- as we go into next year. But rest assured we're building the commercial footprint that we needed to launch these effectively and leveraging the existing footprint we have as well.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Great. Thanks, Jeff for two good questions. The first is just on the timing of the completion of the donanemab rolling submission. I think you can assume we chose our words carefully here in the call prepared remarks on the timing, you're driving out like what's the regulatory hurdle with respect to safety exposures. You're right, that's the key gating factor on timing. You've heard we've enrolled a lot of patients in the clinical trials, including patients in safety addendum. So, we're extremely confident we'll reach that safety exposure hurdle.  I guess, looking forward, there's probably two risks or question marks. One is just around the timing of exactly when do databases get locked and data get cleaned and submitted to the FDA. So that's why we're a little vague on timing here. I think the second one of course that we don't know and won't know until all that data is in, is what are the safety that actually show. And so the assumption here, of course, is that they continue to be consistent with what we've seen in Phase 2. So if those things work out, then I think that'll be the opportunity to talk a little more specifically about the data.  With respect to zagotenemab, look, I think we have here a very potent anti-tau antibody designed against what we believe is an important species of aggregated tau delivered at a relatively high doses for any monoclonal antibody, and we were unable to slow the spread of tau progression in the brain. So as present, I don't see a path forward for this antibody and I would be reluctant to invest in really any anti -tau antibody, given what we've seen here, Tau is still a great target, it's just hard to hit it with a monoclonal antibody, I think, given that most of the tau that we care about is inside of cells.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Thanks Andrew for the question on anti-drug antibodies or ADA's. We do see ADA's with donanemab, they arise pretty early in treatment. There's no connection though with the ADA and our decision on fixed duration dosing. The reason for that is because the doses that we're using are so much higher than the level of anti-drug antibodies that we don't see an effect in our clinical trials that these doses of the ADA's on PK or importantly on PD, which is the plaque clearance effect of donanemab, so no connection there.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Thanks. Our question is whether the Nan members that it can amount trial head-to-head trial, will be powered to measure clinical efficacy outcomes. It will not be. It is a small and a shorter trial. So we won't be able to draw conclusions about that. But I'd point out that if we believe that plaque Luring is the appropriate surrogate and that question will certainly be answered in the next year to 18 months as we get data from a number of Phase three plaque-lowering drugs, so if it turns out that plaque lowering is an appropriate surrogate for predicting clinical efficacy, then I think that the degree and speed of plaque lowering could be the basis of comparison across different Alzheimer's drugs in the same way that surrogates in oncology to used to compare different drugs in a class, knowing that the long-term outcome trials would have to be extremely large and long duration, powered for clinical outcomes. I also sort of point out that we we're expecting here to have in the scenario where we're really excited about this, we're expecting to have a positive Phase 3 trial for donanemab, which in itself is a differentiator, I think from current competitors. So head-to-head on efficacy against Adjuvan may not actually be relevant.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks for your question, Carter. I think you're appropriately pointing out that actually both things matter in terms of plaque clearance, how fast you clear the plaques, and also how deep you clear the plaques. I think in the fullness of time when we have Phase 3 readouts for multiple drugs that look at efficacy, I predict those would be 2 important predictor factors and how well a drug helps patients is, how quickly and how deeply it clears plaques. I think we have significant [indiscernible] there in both aspects with donanemab. So you can be sure we'll be looking at both of those things and reporting that out as I said in the back-half of next year.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yeah. Thanks, too. Good question on companion diagnostics and their role in FDA approval of Alzheimer's drugs. I think based on what we've seen with ADU are base case expectation here is that the FDA is operating under an assumption that standard of care now for Alzheimer's disease, if you are diagnosing efficient for Alzheimer should include BioMark or confirmation of disease. So for that reason, my guess is that they won't be -- BiMark won't be included in prescribing information as companion diagnostics. I would take the opposite position probably with payers where I think they are likely to be required before reimbursement for these medicines but that has to has to be worked out.  So those assumptions I just laid out sort of underlie our thinking about how P-Tau or Amyvid or any other biomarkers, CSF beta will be incorporated into labels, probably not a d into practice, probably yes. And so we're proceeding accordingly to make sure that P-Tau 2017 is as well as other biomarkers can be widely available around the same time as we launched donanemab, so that it can be incorporated into the standards of clinical practice. As a biomarker for detecting Alzheimer's pathology and trashing patients to therapy.
Anne: Well, it's a good question that you've asked and I -- I do think there's a number of things that are challenged here. I think as you look at donanemab what's incredibly important is that we had a positive phase 2 study that cleanly met its primary endpoint, showing cognitive benefits for donanemab, as well we're able to share that we had limited duration dosing to plaque clearance and so we believe that this is going to be important for the decisions that physicians and payers make. So I believe the donanemab data is incredibly strong. And then as I said, following quickly the Phase 3 confirmatory data, which I think is important, and all of this being published in the New England Journal of Medicine. So as we're talking to thought leaders and physicians, I do believe that they see the strength of the data that we brought forward in donanemab, and I think that's been a challenge that they've had with some of the competitive space. So I do think that data is one thing on their minds. I think it's well the NCD is playing a role, obviously that will be resolved before we launch and that will be ready for any of the potential out comes there. And I have been working closely with them along the way to make sure that they understand the donanemab data, particularly the rapid clearing of plaques as well as the limited duration dosing that offers we think benefit to them as well. So, it's been a good conversation with them. So far, we really look forward to seeing what they have to say CMS has the same in January and then launching with the strong datasets as Dan said in the second half of next year.
Anne: Well, thanks. Good questions on the process for the NCD. So CMS has been clear that the NCD, as they are running the process is to cover the class. Now as I said, we are actively participating in the process, including we provided oral comments in July. And additional written comments in August, and we and I'm sure others as well have been meeting with CMS throughout the process to share our specific data and ensure that the differences in these medicines are understood. And so we've asked them really to evaluate each drug based on their own data. And this is, I think, as I said, particularly important considering that there are some differences between these. We share the data later in the air subsequent to the original readout that the degree of donanemab plaque clearance relates to clinical benefit which I know is very important to CMS in this decision as well as the limited duration dosing. So we really look forward to seeing what they have to say in January, and what readout will look like. We do acknowledge there's a lot of skepticism in the national discussion. And so we do really hope and we'll continue to influence that we think it's drugs should be evaluated by CMS, by payers and prescribers on their own data. It is possible that NCD, the NCD will narrow for the patients most likely the benefit that's a possibility out of this. But that's really aligned with the goals that we've had on our clinical trial designs, which has long been to use the diagnostic tools to make sure that the right patients are getting treatment. So we'll look forward to the readout in January. We'll continue to stay very engaged in this. And yes, I believe as additional data comes out, our data and others in the class, that this will continue to influence the process.
Anne: Great. Well, thanks for the question on Emgality. So at present, what we've seen is the total migraine prescription market has seen growth but it's driven primarily by the total acute new patient starts and additional concomitant use. With the injectable class, I do think that we're still experiencing headwinds from the pandemic and increased competition in the prevention space overall. We do see some variability of this across the markets, some OUS markets are returning really to pre - COVID growth levels. And while we've seen improvement in the volume of new patient starts, the CGRP MAB class in the U.S. is still about 13% below where we were with the start of the pandemic. So with the new competition and then appropriate treatment for acute and prevention, we're seeing that the market should continue to grow as patient's reengage in the system.  On your question on oral impact, I think it's still a bit early to -- early days in the launches to see how this has impacted the space in this way. So we'll watch that carefully. I think our belief is that with so many patients and so much unmet need, the opportunity for these medicines, particularly the MAB,remains significance. And obviously in the end it comes down to what's best for that patient and how we get them to their migraine-free days. And that's one place that we think we believe [indiscernible] has an advantage. So, we'll continue to watch this space. We continue to believe in the efficacy that [indiscernible]brings to the market. And so, you'll see us continue to push forward in supporting the product.
Jake Van Arden: Thanks, Seamus. So just starting with Verzenio performance in the quarter. As you probably remember, we had some stocking that happened in the channel in the second quarter, and so part of what happened this quarter is just a modest work down of that inventory. I think the fundamentals of where we stand in the metastatic setting continue to look really strong. I like where we are in terms of NBRX share hopping around 30% hopefully we can continue to grow that. I think that we still haven't seen the entire class of CDK46 inhibitors returns of pre - COVID levels of prescriptions. And so that's obviously an important lever for growth going forward. Probably levered to things like mammogram volumes and other types of preventative care measures that get patients diagnosed and into doctor's offices. But we continue to grow our share of NBRX within the market. Turning to Adjuvan, obviously, we're very excited about launching this medicine for men and women with early breast cancer specifically Ki-67 high patients. It's a real opportunity as I think you've probably heard say before. It's about 8,000-10,000 patients. It's obviously a smaller opportunity than the entire study population that we enrolled in monarchy. And as you know, we'll be looking -- again, next year will be the next analysis of survival to potentially expand to that broader population, should OS trend in the direction that we and FDA want to see to do that. But we have a great opportunity ahead of us. I think certainly it's growth from where we stand today. It's a brand-new indication of real size in terms of both patient numbers and duration. In many ways, that -- realizing that is also linked to the prior comments I made about patients returning to the doctor for preventative care to get diagnosed at levels, hopefully that return to pre -COVID. We don't need that obviously to make headway going into next year, but I think for the long term, it's important for patients to make sure they get into the physician's office to get diagnosed.
Jake Van Arden: Hey, Umer, thanks for the question. So Sintilimab, the PD-1 inhibitor from Innovent, we brought in to the Company in terms of ex-China right explicitly with the intent to use pricing as a lever to disrupt the U.S. market starting with the United States and potentially moving to Europe as well. And as we've said publicly over the past couple of months, the intent there is really through price predominantly versus other mechanisms such as rebating etc. There are certain customers out there, certain practices, and care models for which this is going to be an attractive tool for lowering costs to their system. And Unfortunately for the way the system is designed today, they are going to be many channels for which a lower-priced option actually isn't appealing. And so as you -- your question was about whether or not we intend to be a dominant player? It's hard for me to say that with any degree of assertion today. We will be focusing, initially, on the segments for which this is an attractive option, given the way that their payer dynamics work. And today that's not a majority by any stretch, but that will be our focus out of the [indiscernible] should [inaudible 01:00:27] be approved. Onto your second question about whether or not the data package that's been generated for the agent will have issues with prescribers in the United States. Our market research today suggests this won't be an issue.  But obviously we haven't launched the product yet, we haven't gotten it approved yet, so I can't say that with certainty that our market research suggests it won't be an issue. But really in front of us initially is just getting the drug approved, and I think as you know, that's something we hope for in the early part of next year. But the drug will be subject to an advisory committee and we await the details of what that will cover.
Jake Van Arden: Yeah. I think it's a good observation. We've observed the same thing. The tone from DC does seem to have changed a bit over the past 18 months on this topic. So I think we're hearing and reading in some ways, probably the same things that you guys are. We don't have a lot more information than that. And so we await again the regulatory decision from FDA as to the acceptability of the package.
Jake Van Arden: Yes. Thanks. On the 1st point, yes. I mean, the sequential quarters are really mostly related to the inventory stocking and destocking point that I made earlier. We haven't seen a ton of fluctuation in price. On your comment about Adjuvan, I can't comment on the back and forth that Novartis had with FDA, just obviously not privy to that. Though from what you -- the framing of your question, that actually doesn't sound particularly different than the conversation that we've had with the agency. As Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've of course, as you can imagine, gotten a fair number of questions from folks around the nature of the approval in the subgroup versus the enrolled population among RD.  And we'll be publishing in the coming days, the actual OS overall survival data that were part of the regulatory submission. You'll see what those trends look like in both the intent-to-treat population as well as the approved subset. And again, trends in one direction or another that you'll be able to interpret for yourself. But I don't -- from what I can hear, I don't think the Novartis feedback from the agency is all that different from what we've received.
Jake Van Arden: Yeah. Thanks for the questions about their old cert program. We're looking forward to seeing the radius Menarini data at San Antonio as I'm sure you are. That's studies. are a little interesting and that is very heavily enriched for ESR-1 mutated tumors. And so, we're interested in seeing the degree to which the effect size observed in the study was really driven by that enriched subgroup where you would expect an outsized effect size versus a drug like fulvestrant versus in the non ESR-1 mutant patients. I think that question has meaningful read-through as to the overall value of the class. If it's really just limited or driven by the ESR-1 mutants. I think that's a very different proposition than a true all-comer effect size. As it relates to the combination data of ours, that -- those are data we'll probably present next year.
Mike B Mason: Hi, Seamus. First of all, you are 100% right. We're looking very closely at the obesity opportunity for Tirzepatide. We're very excited about the weight loss that we solve in type 2 diabetes patients, of up to 14% weight loss, and the potential of that being even higher in the obesity population. Obviously, just a massive unmet need 110 million Americans live with obesity. Only about 3% of them are treated with some type of anti-obesity medication. So we think the opportunity is huge to really help people who live with chronic weight management issues. Now, with our program, we have four trials in us surmount obesity registration program.  Our first obesity trial will read out next year or SURMOUNT-1 We're very excited to see that that should happen in mid next year. And then, SURMOUNT-1 2, 3, and 4, we'll get the day of those trials are on track to wrap up in 23. And then so when you look at our obesity submission and approval, it looks like our approval in 2024 is most likely outcome. If everything goes well as we expect in our SURMOUNT program. So very excited about -- with all these launches. I think they've done a nice job. I think not a surprise to us. We thought that what was holding back the current market was just the current products in the marketplace just didn't have clinically meaningful enough weight loss.  We thought if we had products on the marketplace that had clinically meaningful weight loss and those products were able to show good, clinical outcomes, overall medical outcomes for those living with obesity, that position for [inaudible 00:56:27] and payers would provide access for it. So it's not going to develop overnight, but we're very encouraged by the early launch and we go big, and just very excited about Tirzepatide 's opportunity.
Mike B Mason: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. First of all, when we look at Semglee, it's only interchangeable with the reference product, which is Lantus, not Basaglar, so we do think it's going to have a more of an impact on Lantus versus Basaglar. I mean, you look at the mill time segments, that first reference product will be insulin aspart, not LifePro (PH). Now I think you also have to take a look at the assemblies interchangeable biosimilar.  I think many stakeholders in Washington believe that Semglee interchangeable insulin would launch at a significant discounted price. Now, that hasn't been the case. The net impact of assembly’s interchange will launch is actually the introduction of a higher-priced presentation, not a lower-price presentation. The new presentation is priced at $269 a vial versus $99 a vial of the original singly, which is a 273% increase. So I think what you're not going to see, at least what we haven't seen in the insulin biosimilar space is that the Semglee interchangeable will we're really disrupt the basal insulin market.  Rather, what we'll do is allow it to compete and kind of their traditional healthcare system that we know have gaps which we talked about earlier and which we've been trying to fill with our insulin value program and the senior savings model. When you look at in kind of pivot to the mealtime insulin market, mealtime insulin is a bit more complicated. They require more presentations than what you see with a basal insulin. So, premixes are human insulin are also included on the contract. So I think the mealtime insulin is a little bit different than what you see on the basal insulin.  But what we've seen to-date is that given [indiscernible] and our price point on interchangeability, we don't think it's going to be really disruptive to the system, but more work within the current system, which we feel that we can strongly defend. At the end of day, I think, to reiterate Dave 's point, I think it's better when we're focused on improvements. and with our Connected Care launch with BIF, with our weekly basal insulin, I think we're focused on really driving innovation and better patient outcomes.
Mike B Mason: Yes, Steve good question. We -- in our discussions with the FDA, we've agreed upon 4 trials for the [indiscernible]program that make up our submission for the obesity indication for Tirzepatide. As I said earlier, those will read out -- SURMOUNT-1 will read out next year, SURMOUNT 2, 3, and 4 readout in '23 and we'll submit and expect approval in '24. Based on conversation with the FDA, when we set our development program, that's the current plan.
