Phil Johnson: Steve thanks for the question. So for the R&D percent we’ll have, Derica provide a comment there. I’ll then comment on the Sanofi question, maybe let Jan comment for the anacetrapib accumulation comment from the call text. Derica.
Phil Johnson: Thanks Mark. We aren’t quite in a level of being inducting to the hall of fame yet, but thanks for the shout. Hey, for the Ramucirumab question, second-line lung, Travis do you want to pick a shot at that. And then Travis or Jan if you want to comment maybe on the hypothesis of why Ramucirumab may or may not be better than Avastin in the squamous population, and then I'll handle the question that you have Mark, on the non-inferiority already for (indiscernible).
Phil Johnson: Yeah, and as we talked about in the past we’ve been very pleased that we say mono-therapy efficacy in advanced gastro cancer, and then obviously reinforced with the combination efficacy that we saw in that similar setting. But again until we have the data from the other tumor types, if I would be pre mature to comment whether the differences that Jan articulated will lead to either tolerability, safety or efficacy differences. And we have no direct head-to-head as well as a reminder. For the non-inferiority for the AWARD-6 trial, this is a trial that is set up with the intent of showing non-inferiority. We have received a number of investor questions, analysis questions over the last month or so around whether we’re attempting to show non-inferiority or whether we’re really hoping in attempting to show superiority. And it is to show non-inferiority versus the highest dose in a forced titration trial of Victoza. There had been two other competitive molecules that have run similar trials and have failed to show non-inferiority. We would definitely look at showing non-inferiority with a high dose of Victoza as being a win in achieving our goals toward that study. If we do achieve non-inferiority we certainly will test for superiority, but it would not be our expectation that that would be a high likelihood at current given the profiles of the two molecules as we know them.
Phil Johnson: And one of the main reasons for doing the study Mark was essentially from a pricing reimbursement and access perspective. You might do your own research on price levels, but essentially you got a price level in the marketplace sort of base price level defined by BYDUREON, Byetta and the 1.2 milligram dose of Victoza, which means that the 1.8 actually carries a 50% premium to that. So showing non-inferiority with that particular dose we believe would place us in a good stat as we have those discussions with payers downstream.
Phil Johnson: Sure. So, John do you want to start out with the first question, maybe Travis answer the question on ramucirumab and I'll take the AWARD-6 timing question.
Phil Johnson: Gregg, the strength of the data will likely also dictate not only physicians' interest in prescribing but also kind of access and the speed of access that we might be able to achieve. For AWARD-6 timing, we would look to press release, the top line results of this study. Although this is not sort of a pivotal study for our registrations, submissions to regulators, we recognize that this trial was of high interest to the investment community so we do intend to have a top line press release of whatever the outcome is and we would expect from a timing perspective that that would be a release we'll be issuing here in the first quarter of the year and hopefully have a chance, if the timing lines up, to present that data at a medical meeting in the middle part of the year. Akhili, next caller please.
Phil Johnson: Great. And then our Alimta in the EU, Dave, real quick summary of a landscape there, so there is one action you didn’t act -- ask about specifically, but I do want to comment on which is the European Patent Office where the patent itself had been challenged. You may recall that the initial hearing judgment went in Lilly’s favor and that has now been appealed to the Board of Interferences within the European Patent Office. We still have no date for that hearing. Separately from the proceedings in the European Patent Office, there are two countries that have ongoing legal proceeding. The first is Germany where I believe there is a trial that could come as early as March of this year and then U.K. which is in April. In the future, I can tell it will be a single European Patent Court to hear and decide cases, more broadly across the European Union. That's not the case right now, so the cases that will be heard in Germany and U.K. would explicitly apply to those markets in other countries based on those rulings we have to make their own determination.
Phil Johnson: Sure. I will see if we can grab that here relatively quickly from -- the secret book (indiscernible) that you guys have this detail just, if you have not been following this little bi quietly, but in the October call, Q3 call, you may have seen that we expanded the disclosures for product sales, breaking out international sales by the ACE region, which is Australia, Canada, Europe, Japan and emerging markets to respond to some request that we had to provide much more clarity around product sales and particular for Japan and emerging markets. Hopefully you find that as interest. I’m looking actually at the public book now rather than the secret book. So in the fourth quarter our international total Alimta sales were about $394 million. About $235 million of that Dave came from the ACE region. The vast majority of which would have been coming from Europe itself. And we had about another $90 million roughly coming from Japan and almost $70 million from the emerging markets.
Phil Johnson: Great, Tim. Thanks for the question. So, in terms of the confidence in necitumumab being approvable and also thoughts on the development plan from here, maybe we will start with Travis and Jan, if you have any thoughts you would like to add and then I will comment on the comment you had on the opportunity with the two basal insulins.
Phil Johnson: Okay. Jan would you like to take the Ixekizumab question and Jan and Travis comment on the autoimmune please.
Phil Johnson: Thanks, Marc. We'll have Derica answer the first question about emerging markets, where we're investing and what we're seeing in terms of the growth in the fourth quarter and then I'll take your diabetes questions.
Phil Johnson: Then Marc on your question for [Technical Difficulty] actually quite pleased to see the kind of uptake that (indiscernible) has experienced in the U.S. marketplace in particular. There was a lot of discussion prior to the approval and launch of that product that many observers were thinking this product class was not going to have a significant adoption by physicians. So I think we're pleased as observers who could be coming relatively soon with one of our own and also potentially the first to have a combination product of a DPP-4 with a SGLT2 but there seems to be pretty good acceptance for this mechanism and the efficacy, tolerability, safety profile that at least the (indiscernible) carries. So we're looking forward to coming into the marketplace ourselves as well. The DPP-4 market growth has slowed, in part due to the uptake of canagliflozin. We do expect long-term with the underlying demographics and market dynamics, we'll continue to see robust growth in both of these areas of the oral diabetes class; so looking forward to participating in both these classes going forward. Akhili, next caller please.
Phil Johnson: Great. So I'll take you questions. Alex, this is Phil. May take the second one first. We actually had many of those trials presented at ADA last year and that was sort of the big coming-out party, if you will, for the data from that Phase 3 program. Not all of the trials were presented there. So as we go through 2014, I'm sure we'll additional data presentations. But again, the bulk of that data wasn't presented at ADA last year. In terms of the timing on the manufacturing issues, the re-inspection, the BI [ph] we'll be having pursuant to their warning letter, there are no updates at this point in time. As we mentioned on the guidance call, there is re-inspections scheduled for the first quarter and also coming up in the not-too-distant future have the potential action date for the submission that we have from PEG lispro [ph]. So we'll keep you guys appraised as the situation evolves, but there are no updates from earlier this month. Akhili, next caller please.
Phil Johnson: And then the TGF-beta data presented as part of the recent medical meeting was definitely very encouraging. The team is working through, so what the next steps are for development of that molecule. And I think probably later this year that we can hopefully have an update for you on those plans.
Phil Johnson: Okay. So for the price increase piece you have, I don’t think we have that with us. You can follow on Jeff after the call on the recent price increases. There were a couple of different price increases over the course of 2013. I think the last one in December, but we can follow-up you with the specific numbers for those. For the presentations we’d use for commercialization of the insulin glargine product, we’ve not been specific on our plans other than the state that we’re definitely looking at multiple options. We also believe that we’d be in a position to commercialize that products upon expiration of the Lantus compound patent in early 2015.
Phil Johnson: All right, great. Well, thank you very much for your attention on today’s call. We appreciate your interest in Eli Lilly & Company. Going forward, we will continue to do what we did today and on our guidance call, which has to exhaust the questions in the queue. Hopefully you will find that helpful to get your questions answered in a timely manner. We look forward to interacting with you at upcoming meetings, conferences, and keep you appraised of our progress which hopefully will be considerable this year in advancing the pipeline and beginning to launch new products to position ourselves for growth coming out of 2014. Have a great day.
Derica Rice: Sure. Hi, Steve, good morning. Hey, when we look at our Q4 spend, we are very pleased with how we came in. As it relates to R&D that spend was driven by additional investments in our research as well as some clinical development. And we did have the opportunity to make some incremental investments in the fourth quarter both in R&D as well as in SGA and some of that was also in preparation for the upcoming launches that we anticipate later this year in 2014.
Derica Rice: Hi, Dave. Good morning. On the whole -- we did have in the U.S some wholesaler inventory build. One other phenomenon we did see also is that while that was building at the wholesaler level, we believe that there was a depletion of inventory at the retail level. So long-term we believe this year, it will work itself out and we’re not concerned about that goal as we think about our 2014 outlook.
Derica Rice: Sure. Marc, in terms of the emerging markets, as John indicated earlier, clearly China is a key beachhead at least for Lilly within the grouping of emerging markets, but other markets such as Brazil, Mexico, Korea, Russia, Turkey as well as India are key footprints for us as we think about leveraging some of the key therapeutic areas that are doing well in those markets today which are diabetes and oncology, which is obviously a quarter of what we do. So we continue to see emerging markets as a strong opportunity for us. In regards to your particular question around China itself, overall we have seen the China market growth slowing, okay, so that is a factor that we're picking up, but it's still very robust when you compare it relative to the rest of the world. So, we don't see backing off investment and our focus in that market. Another factor that we believe is affecting the growth in that market at least in 2013 was the anticorruption scandal that was going on there and it was really affecting primarily the multinational big pharma companies there. Hopefully that will begin to subside as we were closing our 2013 and we're not anticipating any significant re-impact in that in 2014.
Travis Coy: So Mark for REVEL which is our second-line lung cancer trial with Ramucirumab plus paclitaxel. I think you asked, and I am going to make sure I get this right, that a lot of the patients and Avastin naïve, so you’re getting to the point where we have allowed for some patients to be treated with Avastin, I would classify that as a small number that patients that will be treated with Avastin in the first line.
Travis Coy: Yes. So Chris, unfortunately I can’t directly answer your question because we have not yet announced which tumors we'll be pursuing for Phase 3 development, but do hope to – as I mentioned on the guidance call in early January, do hope to get you further data from both lung and breast from our kind of Phase 1b/cohort expansions that we performed as part of that trial in the first half of this year as well as announced which tumors we do intend to take forward in Phase 3 in the first half of this year.
Travis Coy: Thanks, Gregg. With respect to your question on ramucirumab, obviously we're very pleased that we now have two positives Phase 3 trials for gastric cancer. Look forward to receiving the regulatory action for the regard submission in the U.S. Q2 of this year and then look forward to submitting the RAINBOW data to the U.S. in the first half of this year. Outside of gastric cancer, clearly we're looking forward to getting the data from the three ongoing trials that we have and second-line lung, second-line liver and second-line metastatic colorectal cancer. We'll look to use that data and obviously take that data on board and expand that potentially into further development opportunities for ram. So we're very pleased with the prospects we have with ramucirumab and look forward to giving those three data points on lung, liver and colorectal later this year.
Travis Coy: Yes, Tim this is Travis. I would say we are pleased with the top line results of improving overall survival in front line squamous non-small cell lung cancer. Clearly squamous non-small cell lung cancer has been one of those more difficult -- I'll call it more difficult diseases to treat, say vis-à-vis non-squam. At this time, we’re pleased with the risk benefit profile we have and look forward to getting those more detailed data in front of you at ASCO. With respect to next steps, cylinder evaluation as to what next steps may look like for necitumumab development. So hopefully we’ll have more details to share later on that this year.
Travis Coy: Yeah, thanks, John. So we do have a bit of an update versus the guidance call that we provide -- guidance call provided earlier on the Japanese filing for Ramucirumab which is again is to remind folks it's based on the rainbow data where we had about a third of the patients were from Asian countries. So, we look to be able to file that submission by the end of this year.
Travis Coy: Yes. Those will be – we did expansion cohorts for a few tumors coming out of that Phase 1b. Most prominently were breast and lung, but I believe there were a couple of others, melanoma and potentially one other that I need to follow-up on, Seamus.
Jan Lundberg: Clearly we need to see the final data. And I can just refer to as we have said before that, Ram and Avastin had different mechanism of action, and Ram there not only interferes in a way then with the receptor activation, but it also internalizes the receptor whilst then Avastin is only blocking one of the younger genesis mediators, but in the end we need to see the data.
Jan Lundberg: I think the other, this is Jan, likewise I think the other thing is just the presentation of the product to launch weekly format. The straight forward nature of the injection and the injection device which many of our investors were able to see for themselves when we had our meeting here in October, so I think having solid non-inferiority data across the whole broad spectrum of comparators coupled with the product itself I think should give us a light there.
Jan Lundberg: Okay, so regarding CDK 4/6 as you know this is a very exciting area and but what we have seen on our compound and in the initial clinical trials that shows a single agent activity which wasn’t really I think what Pfizer emphasized for their molecules. So here we see a potential efficacy benefit. Further more we can do continuous dosing without interruption based on our safety profile. And there the Pfizer molecule had issues and has to have intermittent dosing and we believe that potentially to have a continuous coverage can gain efficacy.
Jan Lundberg: Yes. There is room for an interim analysis on the Ixekizumab which we don't want really to comment on with the exact timing of. If you refer to the ongoing Phase 2 trials, was that the psoriasis indication then where we have data which we are currently evaluating and I think we will communicate the first four but in due course.
John Lechleiter: Then on the diabetes questions that you had, Chris, so I don't think we have a percent of covered lives that would be our national formulary, for example, or somewhat like ESI but it is only a portion of their business, for example. I guess maybe a better way to answer your question would be to point that these more highly controlled formularies are a minority of the business in the U.S. I think the best evidence for that is that you can look into the last two, three years as you've seen some of these larger plans switch to sole source for one of the two insulin, you've seen shares moderate maybe by a couple of percentage points in the overall market share for the mealtime insulin. So again, these are a sizable swing but it's not like you're having the majority of the market moving at any one point in time. In terms of switching, there certainly are difficulties in switching so I think payors from our experience don't do this lightly and I think it'd be unlikely over time to be switching every two or three years from one product to another. We continue to think that having multiple products available in the class is in the best interest of patients and actually we think long-term probably in the best interest of payors as well, so they can continue to have a competitive dynamic and not have a significant amount of inconvenience for patients but they're trying to get into their plans as they make these kinds of decisions. So we'll continue to as we have in the past argue for dual access on the various products that we are involved in selling and where that's possible, that's great. If not, then we'll have to make the decisions that we need to make, have our products available to patients here in the U.S. market.
John Lechleiter: Okay. Thanks Jami for the question. On the pharma side we continue to have no appetite for large scale M&A in the pharma business. If we were to undertake smaller kind of acquisitions, I think the best way to think about that is they would have to complement or strengthen areas of focus – our therapeutic areas of focus or provide us with additional coverage or leverage in key geographies. With respect to Elanco, I think we've said that we intend to be buyers and not sellers in the Animal Health space. We've done more or less one or two acquisitions, smaller acquisitions every year for the past five or six years. We've growth this business nicely over this period through a combination actually of inorganic moves and organic growth. We're going to be – continue to be interested in M&A in the Animal Health area that helps us increase our coverage in the area of vaccines and also provide us with a greater presence in some of the key emerging markets. I will say obviously we completed our largest M&A in our history, about five years ago and based on the data that we've seen for ramucirumab and necitumumab, that seems to be playing out quite well. And I'm also pleased that as we begin to exit this YZ period, we do so with a very strong balance sheet.
John Lechleiter: Gregg, I think first of all while we intended to get back on a growth trajectory through the launch of new products, I think that the fourth quarter was 9% underlying growth in those products not affected by essentially other than Cymbalta U.S. situation. I think if all goes well for solid growth from this basket of currently marketed products that we have, that's going to be important to sort of underpin our launches in the years ahead. We continue to do very well in Japan. I think our volume growth in Japan for the year was 13%. We're now squarely in that top 20 in Japan. We continue to on an annual basis to more or less lead that market in growth across all of our major competitors; global pharma and the local Japanese company. In China, despite a slowdown, we saw 12% revenue growth in China for the year. I continue to believe that emerging markets represented good investment. Keep in mind, emerging markets are a relatively smaller piece of Lilly's than they are many other companies. I mean typically our larger competitors have about 20% of revenue in emerging markets. I think we're closer to about 12%. I look at that as a key opportunity for growth. We have a great business in Latin America. For example, we're expanding our presence in other countries where traditionally we've not have a presence there. So I think that's another area of interest. We talked about Elanco already. We're very bullish on Elanco's prospects. We see good positive synergies between Elanco and Lilly and yet we believe Elanco has the operating independence that it needs to compete with competitors that are reshaping themselves. I think in terms of value creation, so we're launching a cancer drug hopefully this year and two drugs in type 2 diabetes. Those are launching the infrastructures that are well built out and so we've called that out to investors but I think that's important to keep in mind. The other piece was just the work we've done on infrastructure. I mean this is a different company today than the company of the last decade. We've had to prepare for this very, very difficult period and we've made some choices. We haven't wasted the crisis, as the old saying goes. We're more agile, we're leaner. I think we're better operators today and I believe that will pay off in terms of success to these launches that lie up ahead of us.
John Lechleiter: No. I think I can just say that we have included the K-Ras mutant as one potential interesting area.
