Peter J. Johnson: Tony, for the sales footprint, Dave, if you don't mind maybe talking about some of the things that have been going on in maybe U.S. and Europe and in terms of some of the restructuring since you've been very involved in that. And then maybe Enrique and Sue, if you could talk about some of the preparations for launches since that's hitting you first in terms of the progression of the pipeline. And then Derica, if you want to take the question on the plans we have for the dividend, thoughts around the dividend.
Peter J. Johnson: I knew when I asked the question, that'd probably be the answer. All right, we'll see if we can accommodate that. So Dave, if you could start us off please with the interims for solanezumab. Enrique, if you want to handle the question on the measures for the outcome study, that would be great.
Peter J. Johnson: Great. Thanks, Dave. Before we go to the next caller, I'm sure that our Chief Accounting Officer, Donald Zakrowski, is listening, so I do want to go ahead and just set expectations. When we provide guidance on January 7, we will still have to make high-level assumptions about how we'll allocate purchase price and what the financial impact will be to both reported and non-GAAP results for 2015. It'll be later in the year that we'll actually be able to finalize those numbers, so you should expect that there could be some variance. Hopefully, it's not very large but some variance on specific line items or the amount of purchase price allocated to intangibles that are being amortized. So again, we'll do a great job I'm sure, with our accounting group, to get as close as we possibly can for our guidance but you may see some variability as we go through the year and finalize the accounting for the transaction.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So when it comes to diabetes, Tony, we've had a very significant footprint on a worldwide basis. I think what we have said before is that we basically expect to leverage this footprint. We do see some increases but they are limited when it comes to our overall sales force. We've seen some increases in the U.S. but more marginal when it comes to Europe.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. So just to clarify, we are expecting for our EMPA CV trial to report out next year, and when it comes to Tradjenta in 2018. So a big difference in terms of when we expect the results. Both of these trials have similar measures. So we look of course, the CV desk, we look at MI and we look at stroke. In addition to that, the Tradjenta trial has hospitalization for unstable angina. So those are the prospective measures that we look at. We do have the ability to look at hospitalization due to heart failure. This is of course, an important measure. We would know more about the DPP-4 class I think, when the tech study basically reports out from Merck's up and down [ph] , we should get some clarity in terms of this particular measure.
Enrique A. Conterno: Well, on glargine, I don't think that we've discussed before what we believe is going to be our share update. I think what we have shared is that we expect that glargine will continue to be a very important product going forward. Clearly, there is a very significant opportunity. How biosimilars in Europe or in the U.S., these glargine follow ons basically compete and what those dynamics will be, will be critical to see what is going to be the share of the overall biosimilar market. We clearly are not the only 1 that are coming. We are maybe the first that will be entering the marketplace. But clearly for us, we like our chances because we do have the commercial footprint, the expertise in diabetes and the very extensive manufacturing capacity and devices to make sure that we can provide an excellent customer experience and go toe-to-toe with Sanofi. So we do have expectations for this product. We have to recognize that this is a very significant opportunity overall and even any type of level of market share can be basically meaningful from a revenue perspective.
Enrique A. Conterno: Maybe some comments on the structure of the market which I think in a certain way, impacts how we basically view the upticks of new products. And this is regardless of whether the product is first-in-class or second or third in the class. First, I think when we look at access, about 50% of the market in the commercial space -- 50% of the market basically is available for access when it comes to new products. First-in-class, second-in-class, third-in-class, you're likely going to be on a lower tier when it comes to the co-pay but it is not off formulary. About 25% of the market in the commercial space is going to have some sort of restrictions -- so step edits or some sort of restriction that goes beyond just the co-pay. And about 1/4 of the market, the rest of the market basically is of formulary. So we need to take that into account as we look at the uptick of new products in today's world. In Part D, the situation is different because it basically takes a lot longer to be able to get into the Part D formulary. And it's not as simple to be able to get into a Part D formulary in the middle of the year. Now as we look at upticks for our products, we look at our performance, we've seen the plants where we have access. Of course, we also look at our overall performance. But as I look at empagliflozin, as I look at the issue of the 2 class, I have to say that I'm very encouraged by the uptick of this class. Not just the overall volume of prescriptions that we basically see but we basically have seen an acceleration of the upticks with the additional players coming into the market. So that to me is very encouraging. But not only is the quantity of prescriptions interesting but I think the dynamics of those prescriptions. Because they are coming at the expense of sulfonylureas. So primarily, the substitution that is happening is for when it comes to new patients, our patients instead of going to an SGU, they are going to an SGLT2. That to me I think, is extremely interesting because there is the -- just today, after metformin continue to be very widely used. So I'm very encouraged by the uptick of the class. It is early for me to make many comments about Jardiance but I would say based on 6, 7 weeks that we're on the market, that we're off to a strong start.
Enrique A. Conterno: So improving our gross margin for an insulin portfolio I think, is critical to us. We are in the process of executing our insulin technical agenda to be able to do that. What we have shared in terms of the benefits and improvement is that we should start seeing some benefit, but it's limited in '15 and more fully in 2016. Over time, because of learning curves and so forth, we do expect this to be very significant, and we have shared that our gross margin for insulin should improve by several percentage points over time. So a very important initiative for us and also is one that gives us flexibility when we look at our facility as being able to produce different types of insulins. So important initiative and we are very much on track to deliver what we've been expecting.
Enrique A. Conterno: And just a final comment on tanezumab [ph] which, as you probably know, have genetic validation where people in Iceland and who have some mutation in this base cleavage cycle of APP actually are protected against dementia and live very long. So I think that seems to be very attractive options they may make.
Enrique A. Conterno: Seamus, I wouldn't be able to give you what our access goals are for Trulicity but I will share once again, that as we look at the diabetes space, regardless of class as we -- and regardless of order, what we basically see is that about in about 50% of the commercial space, we are able to get access maybe with the higher co-pay but it is access. And we believe that we can very much compete in that space and most companies can. In about 25% of that space, you have step edits. In some cases, in the GLP-1 class, this is going to be a step edit over GLP-1. So you have to be in a GLP-1 before you could maybe go on the new GLP-1 that is launching, in this particular case, Trulicity. And in about 25% of the commercial markets, there's really no coverage until basically the P&T makes a formal decision to be able to do that. On Medicare, on Part D, I think the situation is different because of the schedules. And while we are working to try to get coverage some time in 2015, I think the discussions are typically around 2016 coverage for Part D and whether we can maybe accelerate that into 2015. I have to say that we have been having discussions with payers around Trulicity and I do believe that we have a very strong value proposition, and that's basically what our payors are sharing with us.
Enrique A. Conterno: Well, when it comes to our basal insulin peglispro, we have conducted our studies across type 1 and type 2, nice patients switching from glargine and also in combination with mealtime insulin and so forth. And so we have a wide spectrum of studies. I think consistently, what we have seen is superiority when it comes to hemoglobin A1c. And as you mentioned triglycerides, we are encouraged. I think when we look at some of the CV data in terms of -- and what we have shared so far is that we have already excluded -- when we look at our trials, we have already excluded the 1.3 hazard ratio and that our observed hazard ratio when it comes to the CV event is basically below 1. So we are pretty excited in terms of what this product would offer patients now. Specifically to your question, how does the benefit would vary across different patient types, I think is a discussion that we can have when we basically disclose the detailed data at ADA.
Susan Mahony: Tony, with regards to oncology, we're going to be using the footprint that we have in oncology. We've got an experienced oncology sales team globally, very experienced in thoracic oncology and as well historically in GI and we'll be using the expertise and the people that we've got globally on that commercial perspective to launch our products.
Susan Mahony: With regards to the Alimta patent situation in Europe, as a reminder, the European patent office ruled in our favor in terms of validity, and that is being appealed. We still do not have a date for hearing with regards to that. On the infringement, the German case that was ruled for us is being appealed and a date has been set for March of next year. And in the U.K. where the English high court ruled against us, and that covers France, Italy and Spain, that is also being appealed with a date set for March of next year.
Susan Mahony: Seamus, with regards to Cyramza, clearly we're very happy to not only have a positive Phase III study with Cyramza in second line lung cancer, but also get priority review. So we are hoping that we'll get an action by the end of this year and be ready to launch next year. Regarding uptake, clearly, I can't give you full details of that but I will say a few things. Firstly, this is the first agent to show a benefit in a broad patient subset, both in the squamous and the non-squamous in second line setting. And we have a good experience with thoracic oncology with Alimta in first line and this would now be in broad-based second line. So we're excited by the opportunity that we've got with this agent in the second line setting and clearly, our plan is to ensure that we have a successful launch.
Derica W. Rice: Tony, this is Derica. From a dividend perspective just historically, before we entered this YZ period, our dividend payout ratio was in the 40% range or the mid-40s and that's kind of been on par with where our peers were as well. We knew as we went through this period that we would see a spike in our payout ratio as we went through this income decline, so the law of the ratio itself. As it pertains to when would we consider to increasing the dividend going forward, I don't believe we'll wait until we have to get back to that 40%, 45% range. It's going to be more predicated on our confidence as we see how some of the pipeline and regulatory and launch news play out over these next couple of years.
Derica W. Rice: David, in regards to the SG&A outlook, I'm not in a position to provide you '15 guidance at this point. As Phil said, we will have a more extensive dialogue around that on January 7. So if you'll just kind of live with this till then. And then likewise also in terms of the earnings impact anticipated from the Novartis Animal Health, until we actually close the deal which we anticipate being some time in 2015, we're really not in a position to talk about that at this stage. What we did say at the time we announced the deal is that by 2017, we would expect to have achieved at least $200 million of benefit or synergistic benefit that would result in cost savings as well as we should be able to get back to our historical levels of profitability in that 2017 and 2018 time frame which for our animal health business has been at that 25% roughly level of profitability. As it relates to amortization, what we can talk about at this stages is the amortization that we're seeing in our base business today. Obviously, it will be eventually impacted once we close the Novartis Animal Health deal. But in this quarter alone, we had $134 million of amortization expense in Lilly's results. And on an annual basis, it's about $500 million, $540 million. And then obviously, if we're able to close the Novartis Animal Health deal, that number will grow or get bigger as a result of that acquisition.
Derica W. Rice: Steve, we left the guidance range unchanged, essentially to say that our business in totality and aggregate we see as being unchanged at this stage. We did modify some of the line items. As you saw, we raised the bottom end of our R&D, we lowered the top end of SG&A but in total, we believe that our total OpEx will stay about in line with what we expected for the year. And then likewise, we're dealing with some of the top line headwinds as it relates to rate when you think about our outlook for the remainder of the year. So overall, we felt comfortable with the guidance range that we had. There was nothing behind -- anything beyond that to read into it -- no change to our EPS guidance range.
Derica W. Rice: Seamus, in regards to our gross margin revised guidance for the remainder of the year, what's -- the primary driver is the benefit or the FX benefit. So we get a top line headwind but we get a tailwind in terms of the cost of sales impact when you include the FX impact on the inventories expected to be sold during that period. As it relates to the shutdown, it is a benefit in this year. We do expect to be more on a normal cycle next year so this is we would view as a kind of a one-time movement. So we wouldn't expect to see 2015 shutdowns being -- scheduled shutdowns being pushed out.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Mark. On, evacetrapib we have said we will be conducting an interim analysis. We expect that to be happening sometime in the first half of 2015. This is of course, a safety review but also includes some efficacy features. I think as we've said before, it's a reasonably low bar given that in lipid management studies, quite a bit of the benefit is often seen in the back half of the trial. So we'll of course, await that event and communicate quickly afterward if there's any change to the program. Otherwise, we continue to expect a final readout on that data in 2016. As it relates to solanezumab, we did build into the protocol, a possibility of an interim review. We have not decided to conduct that or not. One of the key reasons for that is this review needs to be conducted late enough where we have enough patient exposures. You may remember in EXPEDITION 1 and 2, a lot of the benefits started to accumulate after 40 weeks of exposure. And there's a relationship between the rate at which we've recruited the study and whether there'd be value in conducting such an assessment or just waiting a short time further for the final result. The study continues to enroll and so we'll be making that determination sometime in the next 12 months.
David A. Ricks: I think there's an earlier question on this as it relates to the sola interim review. We do have a feature to potentially conduct such a thing. But the primary -- there's many reasons why we would pull that trigger or not but the primary one relates to patient exposure versus the amount of time left in the study. So you may recall an EXPEDITION 1 and 2, most of the drug impact appeared to occur after week 40. And so what you want is enough patients with at least that exposure, to conduct the appropriate statistical analysis. On the other hand, if the study enrolled very quickly, it wouldn't be so wise to use alpha to take that look. I think our current situation for -- as investors know, is that the study's enrolling quite well. And so we're not in a position to make a statement about whether we would conduct an interim review or not but those are the considerations we would weigh. And some time next year, we'll have something to say about that.
David A. Ricks: We're obviously very excited about our possibilities in autoimmune. I would point out that each of the products have their own marketplace. And so although they may fit into a therapeutic area that's quite broad, we'll be competing against different products in each case. We've announced in the quarter last quarter, Ixekizumab's data and we're very pleased with the fact that it met all of the 10 points in a very strong way. We are working extremely hard right now to get that submission to the FDA in the first half of 2015, and we're encouraged by the possibilities for the IL-17 class, but also about the possibility for us to have a differentiated product within that class, and really successfully be able to move patients to the possibility of complete clearance of plaque psoriasis which is -- or a significant portion of them, which is what we understand patients want. The buildout for that business is, as I mentioned on a previous question, not as significant in terms of people and organization but is significant in terms of the capabilities. So the company is hiring from the outside, we're building medical infrastructure, patient support infrastructure as well as selling resource. To do that, we plan to be completely prepared to compete with the strongest players in the psoriasis sector at the time of launch. Baricitinib, we anticipate data soon. And I think as Derica mentioned, we will likely have a top line release on the first study over the next few months. And this also will be in a very competitive space in RA. We see baricitinib as a potentially disruptive technology in that space and one in which we could really change expectations for the treatment of RA for many patients. We'll wait for the data of course which will further inform our strategy. But we will also compete effectively in areas of medical sales and patient support across that product and plan to play to win in RA, assuming the data supports a submission for baricitinib.
David A. Ricks: Steve, to answer the question on the base deal, we're very excited about the collaboration with Astra, not only because we like the asset, we like the space but also we get a very complementary type of alliance with Astra Zeneca on this. You mentioned 3 reasons why we might be interested, I think those are all good reasons, there may be a few others. This product is clearly ahead of our own internal efforts, given the setback we had in 2013 on our own clinical stage program. It is different in terms of the approach to base inhibition from a chemistry perspective, so that's a good thing. With Merck's program we, of course, watch that carefully. We do think there's opportunity for differentiation and a best-in-class approach even if it's not first-in-class. And as Jan mentioned previously, we are excited by -- I would say we anticipate that combination therapy, particularly anti-body, small molecule combinations in the treatment of Alzheimer's will become the norm. And so having all these -- as many of these mechanisms is possible is probably a good thing for combination studies and offering more value to our customers. So amongst these 3, it's really all of the above, Steve. They're all good reasons to do this deal and we're excited by it. We have an aggressive plan for development and we'll give you further updates into next year on that.
David A. Ricks: Thanks for the question. Obviously, the big caveat on all this is we need to see the Phase III data from our program and we're looking forward to that first study toplining here in the next several months. Which as a reminder, the TNF-IR study, so these will be refractory patients to TNF therapy, there's a complete program which also spans pre-biologic patients as well as a head-to-head against humira [ph] which is our structure study and it's fully powered for noninferiority. So one feature that could be different from tofacitinib is the clinical program. We built this program, looking at our own Phase II data but also what they had conducted. And we are optimistic that it will yield the kind of label, should these studies demonstrate the effect that we saw in Phase II, it will be very competitive in the RA market for us. Of course also, we have a difference. Although they're both JAK inhibitors we have different receptor activity. We are selective that JAK1/JAK2 pathway where tofacitinib is not, it's a pan JAK inhibitor, this may manifest in different side effects or effects. And again, the clinical program will have to bear that out. Recall as well that we are very happy with our dose, our ability to select the dose that yielded a very significant efficacy result that was published in our Phase II studies. Really with the side effect profile that we think is quite appropriate for the RA patients and competitive with biologics, yielding the possibility of an oral medicine with biologic-like efficacy. And so head-to-head comparisons haven't been conducted but for instance, if we look at our competition which is unable to gain EMA approval really based on lack of effect at the 5 milligram dose, we think that could also be different. Ultimately in this class for early uptake as well, the overall safety profile emerging from the Phase III program will be essential to look at. We don't have that data in front of us but have been conducting regular data monitoring committee meetings and have been pleased that there haven't been any changes made to the program. So we'll wait for our data to come out. The way we designed this was to have a differentiated profile and really be able to present to the market, something that could change expectations for patients who suffer from RA.
David A. Ricks: There are many design features in the Phase II/III program. We've incorporated learnings from our past failures and observations and disease modification in Alzheimer's. Among those include screening patients for the presence of amyloid plaque. There are many other things and this is I think why the collaboration makes sense for AstraZeneca and us, to harvest those learnings and build that into a base program, and ultimately, try to maximize the probability of success. So, yes, we're conducting screenings on these patients.
