Philip Johnson: Thank you, Derica. So we've got nearly an hour for the Q&A session. We would like to get as many of the callers on the line as possible, so if you would please limit your questions to your two most important ones or one with two parts, that would be very much appreciated. Mary Beth, if you could go ahead and give the instructions for the Q&A session then go to our first caller, please.
Philip Johnson: Enrique, thank you very much for the comprehensive response. Mary Beth, if we can go to next caller, please.
Philip Johnson: Great, Colin. Thank you for the questions. So we'll start with Enrique for the Jardiance question. Over to you, Jeff, then for the Animal Health and what you see with dynamics heading into next quarter. And then Sue on the timing for MONARCH 3, which we did actually update back in August, but we're happy to go ahead and provide you that updated language so everyone's on the call's got that. So we start out with Enrique.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you, Sue. We're reaching the end of the call. I'm going to try and put a little pressure on the next caller as well as whoever responds. If we could, Mary Beth, go to the last caller for a single question and a prompt response to the question, please, and then we'll have Dave wrap up the call.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you very much, Sue, for the quick response. Now we'll go over to Dave Ricks to close our call this morning.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. So when it comes to the Jardiance review by the FDA, we did get this three-month extension on the action date. The new action date is now December 4 of this year. It's difficult to say always what drives that, but the FDA considers some additional information analysis that we had provided, basically a major amendment, and they basically have the right to do so. I would highlight that this is not the only major amendment that has happened in the diabetes area. There have been a number of three-month extensions. But I don't think it will be appropriate to color this in any way, positive or negative. When it comes to the indication and the label, as you know, we have basically requested a separate, distinct indication for Jardiance, given the data from empiric outcome. Something along the lines of reducing the instance of cardiovascular death in patients with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease. We believe that the data warrants this type of indication. Clearly, there are a number of different potential outcomes when it comes to the label that we would get. The FDA is reviewing the label. And it's probably not appropriate for me to comment more at this stage, given that the action date is getting very near. I will continue to highlight that I believe that we have the strength of the evidence to be able to have a new indication. Clearly, whether we have – in particular in the U.S., having an indication does make an important difference. So we are seeking that. Of course, if the clinical data is included in the body of the label, yes, we could still make a claim, but the strength of the claim is not the same. So we view this as important for us and for Jardiance and for Lilly and BI. Let me answer your question on pricing in diabetes. First, as it was stated as part of the remarks by Phil, when we normalize for changes in the estimates of rebates and discounts for both Q3 and Q4, we basically see, in the case of Humalog, that our normalized sales would have been minus 1% instead of minus 14%. Now, minus 1% still implies a pretty important impact. It implies lower prices because we grew volume 10% with Humalog in the U.S. So that's basically minus 11 when it comes to price. What are we seeing? Well, we are seeing two things. Increased rebates across the board. But in particular, when it comes to Part D, at least from how Lilly views this business, and we basically see a significant more business flowing through less profitable books of business, less profitable channels, Medicare, Medicaid, chargebacks. So as we look at those books of business, there's been an acceleration of those books of business at the expense of commercial and cash. So those impacts are pretty significant. Now, you have seen that, in the case of Humalog, we have quite a bit of volatility. We expect for this volatility, unfortunately, to continue, given that we make estimates at the end of each quarter on those rebates and discounts, but we find out where the product flows through, which books of business, afterward and, in some cases, many quarters afterward. So the last point that I would make, because it's probably important, as you look at your different models and as we think about the Humalog and what is the ongoing growth strength for this product, as we look at the normalization that I referred to, one-third of that normalization refers to Q3 of 2016. Two-thirds is really related to Q3 of 2015.
Enrique A. Conterno: So we've had a successful contracting season with Basaglar. So we feel good about our commercial access in particular. Clearly, contracting is not done yet. And just to remind everyone, we expect to launch on December 15 of this year. So I won't be able to provide specific numbers at this stage, but we are very pleased with the access that we will have. In terms of the priority that we will basically have on Basaglar, clearly is a newly launched product. And we need to make this product relevant in the basal insulin space, really a new segment for us. So from that perspective, it's important. And it's important because also it really fully completes the diabetes portfolio that we can offer our customers. We now have a complete portfolio, a full range of insulins, a GLP-1 with Trulicity, and then great oral products. As we look at our performance in the U.S. market and in other major markets, we're actually growing market share with every single product. I think as we launch Basaglar, I think it is key that we continue driving the entire portfolio and the success that we're seeing with Trulicity and the opportunity that we have with Jardiance.
Enrique A. Conterno: So maybe just a few additional comments on Basaglar. Clearly, we will be disclosing the list price in the near future. But I think it's fair to say that the real competition when it comes to prices really happens with the rebate levels and at the net price level. As I mentioned, we do have good access. Now, this doesn't automatically mean that Basaglar is going to be a win. We need to make this product relevant with our customers. We need to build that brand and we need to provide great experiences. Yes, in some cases, Lantus and Toujeo are excluded from formularies, but this is not the case for Treciba, Levemir. So at the end of the day, we need to make sure that Basaglar is an important compelling option for those patients and those customers. And we are working to make sure that that happens.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So our REWIND trial with Trulicity scheduled completion date right now of July of 2018. We expect the interim later this quarter. We already had the number of events to be able to reach the interim. But the DMC will be meeting later this quarter. Clearly, we've learned a lot from both the LEADER and the SUSTAIN trials. I think it's important to remind everyone that given the number of events that we have in interim is significantly lower than what Victoza had with LEADER, so the hazard ratio for us to be significant will have to be quite impressive. We will see what the data says once we have the readout.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So the strategy we had for GLYXAMBI was a different one prior to the readout of the EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial. As we see it today, we need to make sure that we are positioned in Jardiance as standard of care and we need the new indication to truly do so and really reinvigorate the growth of the SGLT2 class. We believe that GLYXAMBI will have very significant benefit once this happens. But investing today in a really big way in GLYXAMBI really doesn't make sense, whether it's access or promotional investment. GLYXAMBI has today fairly low access. We are in the 20s when we look at commercial access, and it's even lower than that in Part D. We need to retake that once we get the new label for Jardiance.
Enrique A. Conterno: Hey, Phil, just a clarification. The number I quoted for GLYXAMBI is as a preferred position, so lowest branded copay. The access is higher than that we look at overlaps.
Enrique A. Conterno: So I don't have the numbers in front of me, but when we think about specialists versus primary care, for this product to be successful we have to be relevant when it comes to primary care. We expect long term that over 80% of the volume will basically come from primary care as we think about these two products. Now, something that is encouraging about the uptick of both of these products is that our share with specialists, it is indeed higher with endocrinologists than with primary care physicians. This is important as a leading indicator as we look at the future and a great prognosticator of what is to come ahead.
Enrique A. Conterno: Well, clearly when it comes to diabetes, this would be a very significant impact. Now, as we look at Lilly relative to our competition, I think we're well positioned. We have stronger access generally in commercial than in Part D. And we have continued to prioritize that because clearly it is a more profitable business, a more sustainable business. And we've done this across all of our products.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So I've commented on some of the dynamics of the quarter and some of the mix changes as we look at the increases in Medicare, Medicaid chargebacks as a percentage of the overall business. Clearly, we expect some of those dynamics to continue. For the most part, now as we look at the different formularies, all of the large formularies have gone exclusive. So whether it's on the Part D side or on the commercial side, as of 2017, I think we basically have a situation where Humalog will be exclusive in a certain number of formularies and a competitor in some others. Clearly, there could be switches back and forth that would deteriorate prices even further. But we have not seen that because there's a very high disruption cost at the patient level to be able to switch 100% of the business now for more incremental gains. It's difficult to say what the pricing dynamics would be. But net prices when it comes to Humalog are pretty low already.
Enrique A. Conterno: In my view, the most relevant factor to look at when we think about Jardiance overall is class growth. And as we look at class growth, we have shared and we have been concerned with the overall growth that we are seeing in the SGLT2 class in the U.S. The class, as we look at the last four weeks relative the same four weeks of last year, is only growing about 20%. That's significantly below our expectations. We are hopeful that the inclusion of the empiric outcome data on the label will be a catalyst for the overall growth and we feel confident if we get the right language that we'll be able to make a huge value proposition for this product in the eyes of our customers. As we look at SGLT2 class growth, it is a little bit different outside of the U.S. In Europe, the class is expected to double. Same case in Japan, more than double in Japan in 2016. Yes, from a smaller base, but the growth dynamics, I think, are very encouraging. We doing fairly well when it comes to share. We now have a 30% new-to-brand share in the U.S. Our overall share in Germany is nearly 40% and above 40% in Italy, and basically growing in Spain, U.K., Canada. So I feel very good about the position that we have within the class itself. Now, on the pricing question and rebates, I did comment on some of the copay cards and some of the impact of those. I also mentioned that the impact of the copay cards is going to lessen over time because there's a duration of this copay cards. So while we have implemented some of those changes, we have patients on these copay cards already and some of them are also on the market, so we expect this to be a long-term phenomenon and we will see this decreasing over time.
David A. Ricks: Great. Thanks, Tim. I think we've talked about the various scenarios with sola before. We continue to characterize it as a high-risk, high-reward program. The scenario you paint is what we think is the least probable, but it certainly could happen. In this scenario, sola would really not separate at all from placebo. I think we would be re-evaluating all of the sola programs, frankly, Tim. And the way we've set up the prodromal program, which we've just begun, is there's a recruitment start with a special cohort that we can also evaluate more information on. We're doing this for a couple reasons. But one of the reasons is the ability to stop the trial should EXPEDITION3 be negative. So we've gated the investment in that way. As I said, we're not counting on that as the most probable scenario, but we're prepared for that contingency. We're excited about baricitinib, too. The profile from the Phase III program, four very large studies, is extremely positive. That drug is under review at the FDA and we're anticipating a launch some time in 2017. You are identifying a key issue in that class. RA is crowded. It is heavily managed by payers. Lilly has a strategy on baricitinib to really focus on the differentiation of the product versus the standards of care of methotrexate and Humira. We want to position the product in really the pre-biologic setting. And that may take some time to achieve, as you're pointing out. However, I would say there are all kinds of payers. And those that are more clinically-focused and focused on improving outcomes for a pretty significant condition, life-long condition for young people, RA, we think we can make early headway in those settings. Others which may be more sensitive to rebate flow, et cetera, obviously that's going to be more difficult. But I think Lilly's prepared to be patient and build out the product through time. Reminding everyone that the current IP is very long and we have a long time to fulfill full value for baricitinib. Thanks for the questions.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, Tony. Thanks for the question. We are both excited about the uptake of the IL-17 class and Taltz within it. In fact, as we exited Q3, we're seeing Taltz new-to-brand share in dermatology, which is really our key leading indicator for performance, as peaking over 10% already, ahead of Enbrel, for instance, and at least at par with Cosentyx in that setting. So we're happy with the initial adoption and the breadth of trial and usage which are other key indicators for us. At this point in the launch cycle, I'm not sure net sales should be the absolute marker we'd be looking at, although of course we're looking forward to growing that quarter-on-quarter going forward. And you did see growth from Q2, which was, reminding everyone, just a few weeks of shipments in Q2. It wasn't a full quarter. Also, vis-a-vis Cosentyx, which enjoys three indications, we can only have the one in psoriasis, as was mentioned in the call text earlier. We do plan submissions now for PSA in the U.S. shortly. And we have an (45:40) program ongoing. So net-net, I think we're happy with where we are. Global rollouts are beginning in the second half of the year as well in Europe and Japan, which are also significant opportunities. We've got a lifecycle coming. And where we are head-to-head against the incumbents of TNF, STELARA, and even Cosentyx within the class, which is the U.S. derm market, I think the early performance indicators are quite strong.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, let me answer the second – sola question first. Steve, we have seen nothing on EXPEDITION3. And that will remain true until literally a few days before your second question, which is a top-line press release, which we'll do with absolute urgency after management's had a chance to look at the data coming in. Reminding everyone that the period between last patient visit and that management review involves a lot of data cleansing, QA/QC effort to make sure what we're looking at is a true signal. And those are normal procedures that do need time and effort to make sure that the much anticipated readout is accurate. Following a top-line release, probably by just a few days, would be CTAD, if we can make it. This will be a slide format of a summary of the top data points which would fill out things beyond what would be anticipated in a top-line release at that time. That's just reminding everyone a best-case scenario for us right now if everything goes smoothly operationally. And just to remind everyone, you do not need to register for CTAD. They've asked us to say that. And that it will be available from the comfort of your computer to view in real-time should that presentation occur in first week in December.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, thanks, Gregg. Yeah, CTAD is an important Alzheimer's meeting. It's not a large meeting, but it's one where top experts who do clinical research around the globe in Alzheimer's all come. As a result, we are consistently at that meeting with posters, other presentations. As you know, Lilly's done a lot of work, whether it be in diagnosis work with our PET scanning business. We have some data reading out in that area, as well as other supportive data looking at disease modification, et cetera, in different populations. So there are other presentations. I don't have a list in front of me, but we can provide that in follow-up. The second question is really, what would change going forward if sola is positive. And I think here we've given long-term guidance without sola. But certainly we would anticipate a rapid submission and introduction to the major markets and the normal kind of go-to-market commercialization effort that would come with that, which is typically expense followed by revenue. I would also say this, we'll present two new opportunities for Lilly, I think unique ones, within the field of neuroscience and Alzheimer's. One would be to look at acceleration and full funding for other Alzheimer's products, particularly those with a beta-based mechanism. Certainly with a lead like that in sola, we would want a fast follow with other innovations we have coming. We're doing that, but we can always look at speed and voracity of that effort. And then finally, looking at combination and sequences of therapies that could be combined with solanezumab to further arrest the disease. That only makes sense if sola works. And we have those sort of queued up, but certainly not in our funding and expense base today. So there are many; we'll have to prioritize amongst those. And I think of course, qualitatively, the way sola works will have some bearing on how much of that additional investment we would trigger.
David A. Ricks: Yeah. So I think, Marc, you're asking about the push-out on cluster headache. This is for galcanezumab, reminding everyone that galcanezumab will be the first therapy in this class – actually the first therapy ever to our knowledge, to be approved with well-controlled studies in cluster, should those studies read out. We have pushed back the timeline into next year based on enrollment. And really to clarify that, it's actually the ability to have subjects have cluster headaches. Some forms of the condition are episodic. So while we recruited well the number of people in the program, we're waiting for the cluster events to start which can demonstrate the value of the product. So it goes part and parcel with pushing into a new therapy area like this where studies haven't even been done before with medicines on a large scale. But we're excited about that part of the program. Again, it would be first with that indication to our knowledge. It gives us some, I think, credit with the neurologists for tackling a tough condition and potentially some value support as we go to market. Also, I'd say the migraine program is on track. We have communicated previously that that's a mid-2017 readout with potentially a submission by the end of 2017. So we're feeling good about galcanezumab overall.
David A. Ricks: Yes. Thanks for the question, Vamil. What I hear you asking about is as we look forward to the future indications, how do we think about the size of those markets. I would say on PSA, which would be the next one for us, based on differentiation we think we have versus standards of care like Humira, reminding everyone that IL-17s can be used without methotrexate and you get sort of the stool, skin and joint benefit that's at least as good on the joint. We're encouraged by what we see so far in our estimates. Our own estimates actually have gone up since we started the program because treatment rates for PSA appear to be quite a bit higher than psoriasis when it comes to using biologics. Just to give everyone a bit of frame on that, when you look at products that are indicated only for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, take Cosentyx, for instance, they usually have a little bit more volume coming out of non-derms than derms right now. And I think that indicates that although the incidence rate is lower for PSA, rheumatologists are more comfortable with biologics. They're treating PSA at a higher rate. Ank spo is, I would say, even more of an underdeveloped opportunity. In particular, Lilly's program will feature the potential to be indicated in non-radiographic ank spo, so this is an absence of X-ray proof of the condition. This is a recognized indication in Europe, but not yet by the FDA. Should we achieve that, I think that presents a very significant market expansion opportunity for ank spo where the biologic basis of the condition is known to be quite similar to PSA and psoriasis. So there's a lot of promise being held out for the class in ack spo. We see some early data from Cosentyx in that regard. We're using even higher doses. So I think we are optimistic on all those indications as being meaningful part of the ultimate success story of Taltz.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, I'll be brief. We've been consistent through time in saying the IP that we are counting on for our own plans as sort of being quite firm is the compound patent which expires naturally in Q2 of next year and then as extended with pediatric work, which we have confirmed would take us into early Q4. The other IP, we're disappointed and we plan to continue to fight on those. But I think we've been consistent in our own planning that that's the firm date that we were counting on, and that remains true.
David A. Ricks: Well, I'll let Enrique talk a little about the Inline business because we had a very significant exposure, say, five years ago in biomed with all the neuropsych products, but that's pretty well diminished in the U.S. I would say from a policy perspective that I think two other bad things will happen if that goes through. One is, it it'll create an incentive to actually price higher because you want to get the starting point above where it is today given the 23% from the beginning plus the accelerated rebate based on price increases. I think it'll have a perverse effect actually on pharma pricing. And then the second is I think it will take away an incentive long term to develop medicines for dual LIS beneficiaries, which is probably the last thing anyone in Congress would be wanting, but that will be the net effect of that change if it occurred. We're optimistic that we can fight that.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, like I said, really no change. We announced in March, as you know, the shift to a primary end point for cognition. Secondary will be function, sort of the key secondary. And at that time, we said we are in constant conversation with regulators around the world, but this is really a sponsor decision. Really nothing has changed with that. We're now, of course, past last patient visit waiting for the data later this fall. And we'll just have to take a look at the data when it reads out here toward the end of the year. And, again, maintain that we think in mild Alzheimer's, certainly in prodromal and absolutely in pre-Alzheimer's conditions, measuring cognitive changes is a much more sensitive and much more appropriate way to measure disease impact and disease modification. Of course, we will measure function in mild Alzheimer's. But I would point out for the mild study we started with AZ called DAYBREAK with prodromal mild combination study on our BACE inhibitor with AZ as well as our own prodromal program we just began with sola, all of those use cognition as the primary end point. This is a bet we're making across the portfolio and we think is well founded based on expert advice we have and the way science has evolved.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Phil. For those of you listening live or to the replay, we appreciate your interest in our company and your participation in today's call. Should you have any questions we didn't address, please contact our IR team and they'd be happy to help, as usual. This is Brad Robling's last earnings call, and we thank him for his support of our investors and wish him all the best in new business development assignment. Thanks, Brad. And finally, I'd like to take the opportunity to thank John for his steady leadership during one of the most difficult periods of our company's 140-year history. Spurred on by John's vision and his commitment to innovation, Lilly is today in the midst of one of our most productive periods of new product launches and we've achieved great progress building an R&D engine that has the potential to launch 20 new products in 10 years, beginning in 2014. John, many analysts and portfolio managers I've met with in recent weeks have expressed their sincere appreciation for your contributions to the company and to the sector. You've earned their praise. And we all owe you a debt of attitude and we wish you all the best in the next chapter of your life. Thanks, everyone. And look forward to talking to you in the near future.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, with regards to bemaciclib, we continue to be very excited by this molecule. And if we look at the interim, we as we said previously, it was a high bar. And if we look across the CDK4/6 inhibitors, about 50% of the interims have been met and 50% haven't. So I don't know we should read too much into us progressing with MONARCH 2. We're looking forward to seeing the final data next year. And, of course, we've also got the MONARCH 3 data as well expected toward the end of next year, with an interim also earlier. From a differentiation perspective, there were no head-to-heads. But if we look at abemaciclib, we've seen single-agent activity now in the MONARCH 1 trial. And also, if you saw the neoMONARCH data that was presented at ESMO, we saw single-agent activity there. We see 14 times more potency to CDK4 than CDK6 with abemaciclib. We continue to be able to dose this continuously. And it crosses blood-brain barrier, if I can say that. So we, as I said, continue to be excited by the molecule and do believe that it actually could be best-in-class CDK4/6 inhibitor.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, with regard bemaciclib, so the MONARCH 2 data, we should have final data in the first half of next year. With regards to MONARCH 3, again, these are event-driven trials, so they could change, but our projection is that for MONARCH 3 we'll have the final data towards the end of next year. We do have an interim that we would see in first half of next year. It has a high bar. Our base plan is that we will continue through to the final data.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, okay. So with regards to abemaciclib. I can't comment on the safety profiles of the other products. But if we look at abemaciclib, I think we've seen that we've got a very tolerable drug that we can continuously dose. With regards to the diarrhea, if you again saw the newer MONARCH data, if you could give over-the-counter loperamide, we saw very little diarrhea and very manageable and feel good about the safety profile there. Again, I think formularies, it will depend what the data shows and how they differentiate it as to what happens with regards to payers and formularies.
