Derica Rice: Thanks, Phil. On slide 12, you will see the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on the growth rates for select items of our income statement. FX had almost no impact on our revenue or operating expenses this quarter. As Phil mentioned, FX did cause a modest increase in the growth of cost of sales with the corresponding negative effect on operating income and EPS. As a result, FX caused our operating income and EPS to decline an additional two to three percentage points. Slide 13 shows our pipeline as of July 17. Changes since our last earnings call are highlighted with green arrows showing progression and red arrows showing attrition. As John discussed earlier, Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim received European approval for empagliflozin. In addition, we began Phase 2 testing of a biologic for diabetes and we began Phase 1 testing of two Biologics, one for anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease and the other for ulcerative colitis, and we terminated development of five assets, three in Phase 2 and two in Phase 1. Next, let me remind you of our key events for 2014 and review our updated 2014 financial guidance. In the first 6.5 months of the year, we are pleased with the progress we have made on key events we laid out for you at the beginning of the year. As you can see from the green checkmarks on slide 14, we had a productive first half of the year, advancing our pipeline and sharing Phase 3 data. While I will not go through each item on the slide, I will give you a reminder of the potential key events for the remainder of this year and provide updates along the way. As John mentioned, later this year we will begin Phase 3 trial for abemaciclib our CDK 4/6 inhibitor in both advanced breast cancer and advanced lung cancer. We no longer expect to move blosozumab, our antisclerostin antibody for osteoporosis into Phase 3 in 2014. The formulation we plan to take into Phase 3 produced injection site reactions at a higher rate than desired. We will conduct additional work with the formulation used in Phase 2 before moving forward. With respect to Phase 3 data, we expect to report topline results this year, with detailed data presentations next year. For our basal insulin peglispro studies in patients with Type I diabetes, ramucirumab for metastatic colorectal cancer, and three immunology assets, ixekizumab, tabalumab and baricitinib. In addition to the submissions we have already completed this year, we continue to expect regulatory submissions this year for the fixed dose combination of empagliflozin and metformin for Type II diabetes in the U.S., necitumumab for first line squamous non-small cell lung cancer and ramucirumab for second line non-small cell lung cancer as well as for gastric cancer in Japan. As we previously disclosed, we expect to submit our basal insulin peglispro for Type I and Type II diabetes by the end of the first quarter of 2015, if not earlier. Also this year, we could have regulatory action on empagliflozin in the U.S., dulaglutide in the U.S. and Europe and our new insulin glargine product in the U.S. as well as final EC approval following the recent positive CHMP opinion and ramucirumab in advanced gastric cancer in Europe. Now keep in mind that in addition to regulatory approval timing the launch timing for our new insulin glargine product will be impacted by a number of factors, including patent expirations and ongoing litigation. In other key events for the remainder of 2014, data package exclusivity for Cymbalta will expire in Europe in the second half of this year, although we do not expect generic duloxetine to enter the European market until 2015. Now clearly we have a lot going on in 2014 and we are looking forward to maintaining the momentum from the first half of this year into the second half. Now let's turn to our 2014 financial guidance. Our performance through June places us on track to achieve our full year financial guidance. Since our last earnings call, there have been some minor pushes and pulls but major changes to our full year outlook. As a result, our guidance for nearly all line items as shown on slide 15 remains unchanged. We have revised our GAAP EPS guidance to reflect a charge of $45 million pretax or $0.03 per share after-tax related to the immune oncology licensing deal with Immunocore announced last week, and we slightly revised our outlook for capital expenditures, which has been reduced to $1.2 billion. On slide 16, we have provided a reconciliation between reported and non-GAAP EPS for 2013 and the associated growth rates from these numbers to our 2014 guidance. Now I will turn the call back over to John.
Derica Rice: Tim, as it relates to M&A activity, our stance and strategy has not changed in this space. We continue to be very interested in looking for those opportunities that can augment our current organic footprint, both commercially as well as scientifically. And that really lies in the space that you have seen us play in historically, looking for in licensing deal and sometimes it's easier to do small M&A transactions to get access to those technologies. We continue also to be not interested in doing the large-scale M&A. We just have not seen that the long-term benefits from those types of transactions. As it relates to inversion, if that ever did come about, it would be a secondary benefit, not the primary driver of us taking any type of M&A action.
Derica Rice: Sure. Hi, Jamie. Good morning. As it relates to our gross margin guidance, let me just walk you through a series of things. One typically Q2 is one of our higher gross quarters, primarily because one, we do not have the slowdown that usually takes place in our production facilities outside the U.S., primarily in Europe due to the summer holiday. And also in the fourth quarter, we typically experience the usual maintenance shutdowns. What we expect and what you saw in the first half of the year is that we had very high production volumes running through our manufacturing facilities and we anticipate that those production volumes will be lower in the second half for the reasons I cited earlier. So the gross margin performance that you are seeing thus far for us is pretty in line with the expectations that we have for the year. The second thing that I would also highlighted is that also what you will see in the last six months of year is a full absorption and dilutive effect of the Lohmann Animal Health acquisition which we talked about, the $0.05 hit, when we announced the deal for the year and we also talked about the fact that it would be dilutive to our gross margin as well.
Derica Rice: Sure. Hi, John. From a CapEx standpoint, it's really fairly straightforward. Our manufacturing team and our facilities group have done an excellent job of just driving productivity and being able to bring in projects still on time, but at lower cost. So that $100 million change in our outlook for CapEx s really spread across a multitude of capital projects where you are eeking out increased efficiencies.
Derica Rice: Hi, Chris. As it relates to, I guess this is a little bit of still, a further extension of our capital allocation strategy. We have got a number of deals over the last few years to take advantage and make sure we are maximizing the potential what's sitting inside not only Lilly's labs but also Lilly's even currently marketed products. So even if you look at Evista, we did some deals there outside of the U.S. to make sure that we were able to put proper resourcing behind that at a time when we were diverting some of other resources more towards the pipeline to advance the late stage assets that we saw with future potential. I think going forward, we will continue, as you heard even from Dave and from John as well, that we have a pretty robust and pretty full clinical stage pipeline today. And we believe there are potentially more opportunities than we will have the capacity to progress on our own. So it is possible that going forward you will see us as we cycle through those deciding which assets we will go alone and as Dave said, which assets we may partner and which assets we may find other ways to monetize the value from. The good news is that we are at the beginning of this cycle as we are getting great discovery output from our research labs and that's what affording us these opportunities that lie ahead of us. And we have no intentions of doing anything that will damage that flow of new molecules moving into the clinic and it gives us the optionality down the road.
Derica Rice: Hi, Seamus. For amortization of intangibles that's embedded in our operating results, as you heard from Phil earlier, for the second quarter about $135 million is what's reflected in our Q2 results. When we think about Lohmann, if you look at it on a full-year basis, a full twelve month basis, somewhere between $15 million to $20 million. As it relates to Novartis Animal Health. I am not able to share that with you until we actually close the deal and we have the final purchase accounting. So that number is still moving at the moment.
Derica Rice: Thanks, Phil. We have obviously gotten some input both from people such as yourself, Seamus on the sell side as well as we have gotten some inquiries on it from some of our buy side investors as well. It's something we are taking under consideration. Actually, we plan to come back and inform you as to what are our actions going forward will be.
Derica Rice: Hi, Steve. As it relates to our margin guidance that we put out there, Steve, we actually have provided a timeline, at least up till now. What we said is that, no later than 2019 or by 2019 we will achieve a total operating expense as a percent of sales somewhere in the 48% to 50% range. Getting back to the historical levels of profitability that you have seen from Lilly pre-patent expiration. We still expect to at least meet that timeline. There clearly will be opportunities to update that outlook as we move forward. As it relates to 2015, Steve, it is still early. I am not in a position to share details on our outlook for 2015. But we have said though is that we do, coming out of 2014, expect to return to growth and to begin our journey towards expanding our margins. And so that is the kind of performance you should expect to see and obviously in the near future we will have an opportunity of giving you more specifics around 2015 as we think about our usual timeline for issuing guidance.
Derica Rice: Hi, Marc. As it relates to the U.S. and the managed Medicaid, this is really us, as we got additional receipts in from customers. We were able to true up the accruals and provisions on our book. Dollar wise, it's about $60 million, which in effect was about two percentage points of growth in the U.S. So just as a reminder, our U.S. overall sales was down about 30%. If you were to exclude the impact of the Cymbalta and Evista patent expirations, our growth was a positive 13%, which was about eight percentage points of price, five percentage points of volume. So of that eight percentage points of price, two percentage points of that was the managed Medicaid adjustment.
Derica Rice: Well, to me, $20 billion to $30 billion is a pretty large number. At least from my basic math class in Alabama.
Derica Rice: Again, even if we were preparing to through our series of patent expirations and there is a lot of speculation of other thoughts we needed to do to manage our way through this tough period in the history of Lilly and still clearly large-scale M&A was one of the options that was on the table. Again, as we looked at all the data, both looking at other transactions by other firms that historically there is that near-term benefit you can gain but longer-term, the core to this industry and we believe the core to our business as Lilly is, your ability to innovative and get new molecules out of your labs that create clinical differentiation. And so that's where we chose to focus and expend our energy. So when we think about business development transactions, ways that we can augment that innovative platform or footprint for us, we are absolutely interested in. Things that would begin to create a distraction and could begin to hamper or dampen our ability to produce new innovative research and development, are things that we are really quite not interested at the moment. And for us, it's been a combination of those smaller deal bolting on to our organic strategy and I see that being the path going forward.
Derica Rice: Mark, I will start with that the guidance in terms of operating expenses. I am not able to guide the investment community to one end or the other of the range. What I can say is we feel very good about meeting those goals that we established for the year and we feel very confident that we will be within the range that we provided. As it relate to, I guess your earlier question also around, as we look at our portfolio, the good news is that we believe we produce an abundance of clinical opportunities in our pipeline and some of those are core areas and some of those are maybe outside or tangential. Clearly, we will be able to evaluate each of those molecules and decide which path we choose to pursue as we consider each one of those. But the good news is that we have optimality and Dave, I don't know if there is anything you would like to add to that.
John Lechleiter: Thanks, Derica. Before the Q&A session, let me briefly sum up. While our revenues and earnings continue their decline as we expected, at the same time the launch of Cyramza and a number of approvals and impending launches give us great confidence that we are poised for growth in the years ahead. Our performance is consistent with our expectations and we are on track to meet our 2014 financial goals. We recorded growth in the sales of a number of products and key markets as well as in our Elanco Animal Health business. The 11% decline in our operating expenses shows our ongoing determination to manage expenses rigorously so we can get the most from our well-stocked late stage pipeline. The steady advance of the pipeline strengthens our confidence in our innovation-based strategy and our commitment to accelerate discoveries to the people who need them. And now I will turn the call over to Phil for our Q&A session.
John Lechleiter: John, with respect to what you term pruning of the pipeline, I think the fact that we had three potential cancer drugs that fell out of Phase 2 is somewhat a factor of just the abundance of cancer opportunities that we have in Phase 2. It reflects the ongoing nature of the business decision making related to data that we have gathered and other priorities that we have set. I think going forward, you are going to see Lilly much more focused on the clinical progression of the molecules where we believe we have a competitive lead and that we believe offer the greatest opportunity for Lilly. We have got a great position today of really having an abundance of riches and yet we have finite resource. With an ever more competitive environment, I think it's important that we put clear focus and resources behind those that we believe provide for us the greatest potential and the greatest opportunity for patients at the end of the day. With respect to the T-cell therapies, I am going to ask Sue to comment, both on your second question about the oncology portfolio and then specifically on immuno-oncology. But we believe immuno-oncology is an important area. We have said this. We believe we have assets already in our pipeline that really factory in to this disease, to this mechanism a writ large and the Immunocore deal was, we think a great opportunity for us to influence the immune cycle, hopefully for the benefit of cancer treatment in a very specific way. And again, I will ask Sue to comment in greater detail.
John Lechleiter: Gregg, it's John Lechleiter. It's nice to hear from you. I think the only other comment I would make is, look, I think that the activity around inversions right now just points to a failure of our U.S. tax code and it really keeps American companies, not just Pharma industry, but across industries from being competitive with their overseas counterparts. We have been talking about tax reform. I think the first TV interview I gave when I became CEO in 2008, a big discussion was tax reform. We need a lower rate. We need a territorial system. We don't need Band-Aid approaches in between. It's time for the Congress to step up to the bar and get this thing done.
John Lechleiter: Okay, thanks, Phil. And I will be brief. To all those on the call, we appreciate your continued interest in Lilly. Our performance once again is in line with our expectations this quarter. We are on track to meet our 2014 financial goals and continued progress advancing the pipeline places us on track to return to growth and margin expansion post 2014. We believe our strategy is the right one for Lilly to create value for patients, for physicians, payors and of course our shareholders. And our ability to execute so far gives us increasing confidence that Lilly is indeed poised for growth. As always, you can expect we will keep you apprised of our progress. Thanks again.
Enrique Conterno: Very good. Well, as we all know, pricing in the U.S. has become extremely competitive when it comes to the diabetes space, which is driven both by payors and competition. I think in this particular case, pricing also in a certain way reflects the profile of the very specific products. We are extremely confident in the profile that we bring with dulaglutide and the number of trials that we have conducted. So we do think we have a very strong value proposition. And of course, as we think about diabetes, our stance continues to be the same. We are a proponent of choice. We believe choice is important for patients. And we are seeking basically a dual axis in the diabetes space whenever this is possible.
Enrique Conterno: First on dulaglutide. We are, by the way, expecting that the trade name which is going to be TRULICITY. We are very much on track. The action date for both the U.S. and Europe is this year. So our launch preparations are very much ongoing. There is not much more really that I can discuss at this stage whether it's pricing or inspections and so forth. Just to say that at this stage things are going on truck from our perspective. When it comes to our new insulin glargine product, we are also expecting tentative approvals this year and clearly we do have in the U.S. the 30 month stay. I can't make many comments about the ongoing litigation, but clearly we do not believe that we are infringing any of the asserted patents. So we are hopeful that we can resolve this as soon as we ca. Hopefully even before the 30 month stay. But if that is not the case, we have the conviction in terms of what our position is and we are not infringing any of those asserted patents. So we will be planning to launch at this stage.
Enrique Conterno: Steve, thank you for your comments. I am going to quote you on dulaglutide as a best-in-class asset. VERY much appreciate it. We certainly believe so. Look, on your specific question about -- there are different types of profiles in the GLP-1 class and some look less efficacious. I will be honest, I think the value proposition for those products is very complicated. We do know that improved glycemic control leads to reduction in complications. That is a very strong value proposition. It does what we seek that. So it is difficult for me to say what type of share would those products get, but I do not believe it is going to be very much.
Enrique Conterno: Thanks. On oral GLP-1s, we have said that this is an area that is attractive and is an area where we very much looking at as well. I won't comment. I think your question is probably more appropriate for one of our competitors. When it comes to the fixed dose combination, if you are referring to the fixed dose communication between a GLP-1 and insulin, we clearly see the combination of a GLP-1 and insulin as important therapy. We do believe with dulaglutide and our insulin portfolio, we can provide very significant value when it comes to providers and payors. We do believe that the restriction that is imposed by having a fixed dose combination in this particular case, in a certain way, takes away from the flexibility that endocrinologists want and need, given how insulin is titrated. They are giving some indications here but I should also comment about the SGLT2s and DPP4 fixed-dose combination. We do believe this is an important product for us. Of course, we are developing this with Boehringer Ingelheim. We have submitted this in the U.S. and we believe we are significantly ahead of our competition. Today about 25% of the SGLT2 use is on top of a DPP$0. So that gives you a sense of the possibilities for overall class growth and branded growth and the impact that this fixed dose combination could have. Finally, you asked about whether we could file earlier than Q1, basal insulin peglispro? That is a possibility, but at this stage, I think what we said is we would file by Q1. Clearly we are working on getting the readout for our Type I studies and we expect that we are going to be seeing this later this quarter, and we expect the press release together with that.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. On insulin glargine, we have submitted two NDAs. You are right. One for prefilled pens and one for an insulin for cartridges. Clearly, those are two independent NDAs and we have been sued on each one of them. So that's all I will say, basically, at this stage, but we will be intending to, basically, oppose the patent expirations and resolving the ongoing litigation to be able to bring both of those to the market. Your second question was related to Europe. Clearly the patent expiration for Lantus is in 2015. We are expecting tentative approval this year. So we are very much in our preparation, but that's as much as I can comment. Of course, we take very seriously the patents, but are in place and we will launch after those patents have expired.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. Marc, you are correct. When we look at the underlying script growth for our insulin business in the U.S., Q1 and Q2 are very comparable but we do see you in terms of our reported sales, we were at minus 1% for Humalog in Q1 and we were 17% growth for Q2. So a big difference there. Let's remember that in Q1, we had a significant wholesaler destocking that impact in the growth rate. In the case of Humalog, that impact was 8 to 9 percentage points in Q1. So that that explains the part of the difference. In Q2, we just discussed managed Medicaid, in the case of Humalog, that impact was 4%.So those were we had, I guess, some very unique impacts to each one of those quarters.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. On Humulin, a big part of our human insulin franchise in the case of Humulin is that we have a very unique product in Humulin R U-500 which basically has significant growth on where the pricing pressures are not as high as with the rest of the insulin franchise, and you basically see some of that reflected in terms of both price and volume. Your second question related to our ongoing discussions or negotiation with the PBMs and payors, I won't be able to share much on that front.
Enrique Conterno: So when it comes to glargine in Europe, as I mentioned, we are expecting to launch after the patent expiration in Europe. I do not believe that I provided an expect date on that, but clearly we are undertaking all of the preparations so that we can do that. When it comes to the SGLT2/DPP4 combination, the EMPA/LINA fixed dose combination, we had shared that we have submitted that. We shared that early this year, which basically puts with an action date of early 2015.
Phil Johnson: Great. Mark, thanks for the questions. We will have Dave Ricks, President, Lilly Bio-Meds answer your questions. Jan, if you would like to chime in anything after Dave, please feel free to. Dave.
Phil Johnson: Yes, and then typically, Steve, that guidance is given in that first full week of January. So probably somewhere around January 7 you should expect to be seeing a day reserved for the 2015 guidance call. Toni, if we can have next caller, please.
Phil Johnson: And as has been our past practice, Vamil, I think you should expect that the various trials that Ilissa just mentioned would lead to topline press releases providing an update at a high level on whether or not the trials have met their endpoint. So what kind of safety profile we have seen and some of our thoughts on next steps for those molecules. One I might mention that's broader across the portfolio, the REACH trial of ramucirumab in hepatocellular cancer, I think it is quite possible and likely that we have detailed data presented at a medical meeting before the end of the year that should get some additional insights into the commentary we provided around subgroup data that we found to be quite interesting.
Phil Johnson: Okay, great. Thank you very much for the questions. Welcome back to the fold. Wasn't expecting to hearing you on the call, but its great to hear your voice. Derica, for the inversion and the definition of large scale, please.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Mark, for the question. We remain excited about both of these programs, the CETP inhibitor, evacetrapib and solanezumab. Importantly, we are confident on the timelines we have previously communicated as to those data readouts which are clearly not in this year but that coming up over the next couple years. As it relates to CETP inhibitors and ours specifically, we are confident for several reasons. One, the LDL in addition of this asset, we think is enough by itself to achieve the outcomes we have designed in the study to demonstrate. On top of that, of course, there are other effects. HDL lowering or increasing being the most pronounced as well as other cardiovascular potential impacts. So testing the CETP hypothesis with a complete inhibitor of CETP like evacetrapib, we think is something that's new and we are doing an ACCELERATE trial. So we remain excited about that asset and should it play out that it has an impact on cardiovascular risk reduction, we think there is ample market opportunity for such a drug. For solanezumab, I think as we have communicated since the EXPEDITION-1 and EXPEDITION -2 studies, we believe in the mild signal we saw in those studies. We have designed a study now, which we think will be the definitive test of solanezumab in mild patients with Alzheimer's and we have improved, we believe, the probability of success in that versus EXPEDITION-1 and EXPEDITION-2 by importantly screening out patients who did not have amyloid plaque and by powering the study appropriately for this population. So bottom line, we are bullish on both of these. Of course, there is technical risk because both programs did not complete a normal Phase 2 proof of concept in the sense that you are demonstrating the outcome before starting a Phase 3. So I will stop there and ask Jan if he has any additional --
Dave Ricks: Great. Thanks, Jamie, for the question on PCSK9. I think you are correct that we are behind in this class but we think the class has a place in the management of cardiovascular risk. Obviously there's assets in front of us that are reading out positive data. So the probabilities here look good for the class. I think for us the really question is one of differentiation, maybe not so different to the question on the GLPs. We are conducting right now a Phase 2 experiment to really elucidate a differentiated profile. And I think that data is going to be really key for our decision making about what to do next. Whether that would be to proceed full speed ahead, perhaps share risk with another partner or perhaps to have someone else take the asset forward and Lilly move on to other opportunities. So we need to see that proof of concept and based on that information, we will make some decisions in the quarters ahead.
Dave Ricks: Great. Thanks, Chris. Maybe just quickly as well on asset mix and looking to change that, I would say, on the late lifecycle, in market assets, I think we are open to that as well, but we need to have a transaction that produces value. So I think when we see those things we move on them. I think the Cialis announcement with Sanofi this quarter is an example of that where we are harvesting late lifecycle value from Lilly assets. On sclerostin antibody, pronounced blosozumab, for those on the phone, we had completed a proof of concept study in severe osteoporosis. We are excited by that data. We remain excited by the data. In conducting a transition from a Phase 2 formulation to a final commercial image, we did have some results that surprised us a bit in making that transition. We needed a bit more work on the formulation so that we have really a competitive or even differentiated commercial product image. We had scheduled or had communicated a potential for a start to the Phase 3 program toward the 2014 and today we are just saying, that's not going to happen in 2014 because of this delay. As we have more information, we will come back to the investment community to share firmer timelines.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks, Marc. As it relates to psoriasis treatment, we have seen our rapid growth of TNF use over the last decade in treating moderate to severe psoriasis and then more recently, of course, alternate mechanisms with Stelara which has been met with great success in the market. We believe IL-17s are another step forward in therapy for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis and you can see some of the Phase 2 and Phase 3 readouts from the three competitors, which are all neck and neck in the very last stages of testing here. The promise of the class is really to move the standard of what good is from a PASI 75 clearance to really something north of that, PASI 90 or total clearance which can now be possible for these patients who suffer from this difficult condition and we see IL-17s delivering PASI 100 or complete clearance substantially above both anti-TNFs and Stelara. So that's the value proposition for the class. Within the class, we of course have our own differentiation strategy, which includes of course efficacy. We will have to see the safety as it bears out and then dosing regimens which are all different between the various players. We have not disclosed or read-out our Phase 3 program and that will be coming soon in a topline fashion. So we will wait to say any more until when we see those data in a complete form, but we are bullish on the class.
Dave Ricks: Well, nothing more than, we always look, I think, almost every asset at options to partner, either to share risk if it's a critical stage asset or as the asset matures a trade value, sometimes by accessing reach, sometimes by capability or this other unique sort of portfolio fits or portfolio trade options that manifest themselves. So we are open-minded about all that but it has to make sense in terms of value creation and we are not going to talk about those in advance in this setting. But I think that's our mindset as it relates to partnering.
Jan Lundberg: Yes, I think we can also gain some additional confidence from data from competition. The recent report by crenezumab at the Alzheimer's meeting in Copenhagen, I think supports the data that we have with solanezumab because it was reported there that this antibody which has some similarities to sola in its mechanism of action also reduced the cognition decline in the mild population of Alzheimer's, which I think is the second nonpharmacological agent that actually shows that if you interfere with the amyloid pathway, you can reduce cognition decline in Alzheimer patients.
Jan Lundberg: Yes, first I would like to make a comment, and since it's not a head-to-head trial, I think it's more compelling than different trials and done under different conditions, but as I said before, the data are generally supportive between solanezumab and crenezumab. We should remember though that the crenezumab is a Phase 2 trial, which is clearly much smaller than EXPEDITION-1 and EXPEDITION-2. And I think for our EXPEDITION-3 is going to be the most important trial, which is even 60% larger than the previous EXPEDITION trials and the focus, I think here is clear. It is the mild Alzheimer's patients that could have the best impact from solanezumab and we are selecting the amyloid positive ones which is also a key criterion.
Jan Lundberg: Yes. Calcitonin gene related peptide or CGRP has been implied as an important mediator in migraine since quite some time and it has been shown by small molecules that you can reduce then the acute migraine symptoms by giving up oral agents. The problem with both agents were that yes, they prove the hypothesis that CGRP is an important mediator, but they were not safe for chronic use, because they had liver toxicity. That's why I think the antibody, in a way, comes in with an open door where the mechanism has been proven and antibodies, as we have seen with ours, are generally safer. So they are more appropriate also then for potential to chronic use. And as you know, we described the positive data from a proof of concept study recently where the effect in chronic migraine was shown reducing the migraine headache days and also migraine attacks than in so-called episodic migraine. So what we are doing now with this molecule is to do some more dose ranging and studying and preparations then for Phase 3. And we also recently announced that we will start to study on osteoarthritis also for this agent.
Sue Mahony: Sure. Yes, thanks. Clearly with regards to the oncology pipeline, we are looking at the key cancer pathways, including cell cycle inhibition, the tumor microenvironment and immunotherapy. You are aware of bemaciclib. Obviously, we are very excited about that molecule. We have initiated our Phase 2 study, single agent study. We are on track to initiate the fulvestrant Phase 3 study in breast cancer in the next few weeks. And the additional Phase 3 study, both with a breast caner with aromatase inhibitor and in lung cancer will be starting and KRAS lung cancer, we will be starting towards the end of this year. So that is one molecule we are very excited about and we are moving forward rapidly with that. In other molecules that we have in our pipeline that we are continuing to progress, our c-Met antibody which is a bivalent antibody that we believe could have different properties than other agents out there. And then, our TGF-β small molecule inhibitor or galunisertib, which is in Phase 2 development, and this is actually a molecule that is getting a lot more interest because it targets the pathway that modulates and functions T Regulator Cell. So that is one agent that we believe that could have or does have a new modulating activity and we are going to be seeing further combinations with that agent, both with other targeted agents and with other immunotherapy agents. We have two other agents that we have got in clinical development as well that impact the immune system includes the CXCR4 peptide antibody which is in Phase 2 development, and that's involved in the trafficking of immune cells in tumors and rCSF-1 antibody that's in Phase 1 and that targets monocytes and macrophages involved in creating an immunospecific environment in the tumor. So we have three assets in clinical development that impact the immune system. We are also continuing to increase our discovery efforts and capabilities both internally and through recruitments externally if necessary and we have got a number of targets that we are interested in. In addition to collaborations and partnerships and potential acquisitions that we are looking at, and Immunocore is the recent one that we have announced and we are very excited about looking at novelties. So base cancer therapies, that deal specifically looks at three targets. We have identified three targets. We can't tell you what those targets are now but they are ones that we believe that have potential and clearly if we decide to take those into the clinic, we will be looking at combinations with other oncology assets and other assets in our pipeline for those agents. So we are very excited about the opportunities that we have got in oncology and as John said, it's really a case of making sure we are prioritizing and putting our focus in the right areas to making sure we are progressing the molecules that have got the most potential for patients.
Sue Mahony: Yes, with regard to the palbo potential approval, that really doesn't have any significant impact on our plans for Abemaciclib. Clearly our focus is on ensuring that we get our three Phase 3 studies up and running as quickly as possible this year, which we are on track to do. I am very confident that the team has got a good plan in place to ensure that we get rapid enrollment in these studies. We are confident in our molecule. We believe that we could have a best-in-class molecule here with single agent activity and continuous dosing. So as I said, our focus really is ensuring that we get these trials up and running as quickly as possible, and I think we are on track to do that.
Sue Mahony: Yes, Alex, you are right. This is a second line trial after Avastin in first line. Clearly, we will wait and see what the data shows. We will have that data towards the end of this year and we will be announcing topline and then we will be planning to present it at a scientific meeting next year. So I think it's too early to speculate at this point. We will have to wait and see what the data shows us.
