Joe Fletcher: Good morning and thank you, Paul. Thanks for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q4 2023 earnings and 2024 guidance call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer and President of Lilly Immunology, Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, President of Loxo at Lilly; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Diabetes and obesity and Lilly U.S.A. We're also joined by Michaela Irons, Mike Springnether and Lauren Zierki of the IR team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn over the call to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. Before diving into Q&A, I wanted to clarify one point. We may have had some muffled sound during announced prepared remarks. regarding the timing of regulatory action on Donanemab. And as Dan mentioned, the timing is expected to be Q1 of 2024 this year. Received some notes that there were some muffled sound, so I just wanted to clarify from that important point. Now for Q&A, we'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and conclude the call in a timely manner. So consistent with prior quarters, we'll respond to one question per caller so ask you limit to one question per caller, and we'll end the call at 11:15 a.m. [Operator Instructions] Paul, please provide the instructions for the Q&A, and we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Terence, for the question. I'll hand over to Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International for that question.
Joe Fletcher: Thank you, Kerry, for the questions. I'll hand over to Ilya to talk about the branding of Tirzepatide OUS.
Joe Fletcher: Yeah. Thanks, Rajesh. I think we covered that in Chris Schott's question earlier. I don't know if Patrick has anything to add or if we could just move on.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Andrew. It's a very long-term question. I'll pass over to Anat to talk about 2032 and beyond.
David Ricks: All right, thanks, Joe. 2023 was a year of advancement across our company. We grew our top-line. We progressed our pipeline. It advanced our external innovation agenda through partnerships and collaborations. We continue to invest in quality, the reliability and the resilience of our company's manufacturing infrastructure, and most importantly, delivered new life-saving and life-changing medicines to more patients. In 2023, revenue grew 20% for the full year and 28% for the most recent quarter, as our newly launched portfolio continued to gain momentum. This past year, we announced positive Phase IIIs for Donanemab, Tirzepatide, Mirikizumab And Pertibrutinib. We also announced a positive Phase II result for Orforglipron as well as Retatrutide and moved these two important molecules into Phase III. In terms of external innovation, in 2023, we continued to complement our pipeline through acquisitions and collaborations. These transactions included the acquisition of DICE Therapeutics, POINT Biopharma, Versanis Bio, Emergence Therapeutics, Mablink Biosciences, Immunotrac as well as Sigilon Therapeutics. We have several significant investments in manufacturing, including plans to expand capacity at the company's Research Triangle Park facility and the two manufacturing sites within the LEAP Innovation Park in Boone County, Indiana. Most recently, we announced plans to construct a new high-tech manufacturing site in Germany. This facility will further expand the company's global injectable product and device manufacturing network, including for our diabetes and obesity portfolio. Most importantly, this past year, we brought innovative new medicines to patients. In 2023, we received regulatory approvals for Zepbound, Jaypirca, Omvoh, in the U.S. -- in the EU rather, and an expanded label for Verzenio and two new indications for Jardiance. This progress will serve as a foundation to drive top-tier revenue growth and margin expansion over time. As you can see on Slide 4, we continue to make progress against our strategic deliverables in Q4. Revenue grew 28% with our new products growing by over $2 billion. Since our last earnings call, we achieved several key pipeline milestones in addition to the Zepbound and Jaypirca CLL approvals, today, we announced top line results for the Tirzepatide Phase II SYNERGY-NASH trial as well as the Verzenio Phase III CYCLONE two trial. Dan will talk more about this update -- in his update. In terms of business development, in Q4, we completed the acquisitions of Mablink Bioscience and POINT Biopharma, the latter of which expands our capacity and capability into Radioligand therapies. Lastly, we announced a 15% dividend increase for the sixth consecutive year and distributed over $1 billion in dividends in the fourth quarter. On Slide 5, you'll see a list of key events since our Q3 earnings call, including several important regulatory, clinical, and other updates. Now I'll turn the call over to Anat to review our Q4 results.
David Ricks: Thanks, Dan, and congrats to you and the team for a big year. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up our progress in the fourth quarter. Q4 revenue growth accelerated as our recently launched product portfolio continued to gain momentum. We achieved meaningful advances in our late-stage pipeline with the FDA approvals of Zepbound and Jaypirca. We continue to invest in recent and upcoming launches, late-stage medicines, early phase capabilities and in business development, all of which will serve as a foundation for future growth. In Q4, we completed the acquisition of POINT Biopharma and announced plans to build a new manufacturing site in Germany. We returned over $1 billion to shareholders via dividend. Lastly, in January, we announced that Jana Norton, our Executive Vice President of Global Quality, will be retiring at the end of July after 34 years of service. During her tenure, Jana has overseen significant expansion, modernization and improvements in our quality and manufacturing processes. I'd like to thank her for her many years of outstanding service to Lilly. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe to moderate our Q&A session.
David Ricks: Yes, happy to answer that. Of course, as we enter this phase of really strong growth in the Incretins, we're very focused on allocating capital, but top priority is creating new capacities. The gating factors are not really financial for us right now, so you can expect us to be investing fully. We're not slowing down because of cash flow or whatever. It's really a function of the technical capacities, both in people and in suppliers to be able to bring facilities online. That's particularly true in the parenteral side. Now you're referencing Orforglipron. Here, we do plan to build ahead of Phase III at risk. I think, given the probability we assess internally as well as the opportunity on the other side of a positive Phase III, we see that as a wise investment. And as we've commented on before, it relies, as you would know, on very different assets inside Lilly as well as outside of Lilly. So here you have organic chemistry, API and tablets and capsules, so a pretty different setup. So we can -- we're paralleling that with our robust injectable investments. And if we're wrong, okay, we'll have to eat that in the end for isn't a strong product. But if it is, I think it does begin to change the math on supply in this category, and I think that's about worth taking.
David Ricks: For that I can start, Patrik, jump in. Yes, thanks for the question. The idea was really actually borne out of the challenges patients face every day in the U.S. and sometimes seeing doctors. And you'll know we have a Doctor Finder tool as well as telehealth partners on the platform for migraine, diabetes, and obesity. Finding medicines and their pharmacies, that's been a challenge. And I think particularly as supplies are tight, many patients report driving to 5, 6, seven pharmacies to find the medicine they need that simplifies that process. And then I think in addition, there's been a lot of noise about drugs that are illicit or copies or compounded versions of Zepbound or other weight loss drugs and that's concerning to us. And I think it's concerning to patients. So by going to Lilly Direct literally, they have confidence in the supply. And finally, application of our savings programs has also been a challenge at the pharmacy counter and that happens 100% of the time on Lilly Direct. We haven't thought about it as a way to create some new retail distribution business. It's a way to serve the patients that want our medicines better. That's sort of the frame we're in now. Early days. We're trying to develop it to be smoother, better, include more products over time, have better information about physicians and telehealth providers. So look for more developments there, but good start so far. A lot of energy and enthusiasm from the patient community.
David Ricks: I would frame like why I said that, but maybe Specific DDI question in the SGLT2 coadministration. I just said that because we're just starting the Phase III. And we all know small molecule, there's a bit of empiricism in terms of eliminating safety risk. And of course, every day, as we expose more patients to the drug and we have higher doses, that's a good day where we don't announce that the drug has a problem. At some point, we reached a lot of confidence. We just weren't at that point. We're not at it now. I think we're running the Phase III experiment and we need to discharge the off-target safety that is inherent in small molecule discovery, and we've seen in this class from others. But nothing specific on my mind. Maybe Dan can further reassure us.
David Ricks: Yes, maybe I'll give it a shot. Thanks for the question, James. As I mentioned on the earlier question related to Orforglipron, we are not -- we don't think of ourselves as capital-constrained, buying or building in the space. The reality is there just isn't built capacity that's available. Most of it that's being used is already deployed against the leading products in the GLP-1 space, at least any at scale and new capacity has a lead time of three to four years. So all of the things that are coming online now, like we mentioned today, are very large site in Concord, North Carolina. That's a big node of capacity for the sector and certainly for Lilly. I mean, that was announced two and a half years ago and it will just begin production at the end of this year. So that's the problem. And why is that? Well, of course, greenfield building is difficult, repurposing is difficult, but also these are technically complex facilities. There's not an infinite number of people who know how to set them up. And the supply chain for the machines that make the products is also constrained. So at this point, I don't think there's an easy way forward. And I think even in yesterday's announcements, we have a lot of questions about that. But I think even the purchaser or our competitors said it will take many years for them to be able to increase capacity within that purchase. So it's just not an easy problem to solve. I think that over time, it will ease. There'll be more capacity brought online by us, our competitor and maybe others, including third parties and new technology will emerge like Orforglipron or other oral options, that tap into a different asset base. So I know it's frustrating for investors, it's frustrating for us. It's even more frustrating for patients but it's just sort of the situation we're in is that we steady gains in manufacturing over the coming several years and perhaps bigger gains after that.
Patrik Jonsson: Yes. Thank you very much, Chris. As we stated, we are pleased we are so early in launch with the 35% commercial access, having contract a and Our efforts moving forward will really be to continue to expand payer access but not only we will do that with a very disciplined approach as we did with Mounjaro but also to make sure that we get to employer opt-in. And as Anat alluded to in her prepared remarks, that's going to take some time. But we are assuming that with the current access we have, that our access will be along the lines of what the competition has referred to, around 50%. Let me just emphasize that when it comes to employer opt-in, there is not one reliable source for employer opt-in. So I think that's something that we need to continue to monitor and we'll come back with more data during coming earnings calls. So overall, a good start and we will continue our efforts to increase payer access. I think we are quite encouraged with what we have heard from the marketplace so far. Employer opt-in will take longer, but we believe that we are well positioned in that regard as well.
Patrik Jonsson: Thank you very much. I think there are two important aspects. The first one is when we refer to employer opt-in. I think employees are really looking actively into benefits of listing anti-obesity medications. And whatever data we can generate here being in the cardiovascular space, being in of being national average indications will be extremely important for increased employer opt-in. The second piece will be in Medicare Part D. As long as is not passed, I think data in those comorbidities will be critical to enable access for patients in Medicare Part D. So those are truly the key drivers for those indications.
Patrik Jonsson: Thank you very much. When we look at the opportunity in obesity, we have more than 110 million in the U.S. and 650 million globally. I think taking into account the current supply constraints across markets, it's impossible to reach all of those with injectables. So I think that's the big opportunity we have for orforglipron. And what we have seen so far in Phase II, if we can replicate those data in Phase III, we have an oral medicine here with a weight loss along the lines of the best competitive Incretin, not at the level of Tirzepatide, but that's the level of the best Incretin in the marketplace and with no food or water restrictions. So we really see the opportunity here with orforglipron to reach patients across the globe. And there is another component as well. If we look at the current market, approximately 20% of patients with obesity are actually concerned to take an injectable. So that's another opportunity with orforglipron. So we believe that's a really strong drug in our hands moving forward in the space of chronic weight management.
Patrik Jonsson: Yes. Thank you very much, Chris. I think you're right. It's quite challenging. It's still early days with both Mounjaro in particular Zepbound, and we have been facing some specific dynamics in terms of supply and also changes to the co-pay program. However, when we look at the recent data for Mounjaro, it's encouraging and it suggests that patients that start therapy back in Q1 2023 are having a persistency at least along the lines of other injectable Incretins. For Zepbound, definitely too early. But we strongly believe that patients will be motivated when they see the benefits of the drug. And there will, of course, be many factors impacting both supply, macroeconomic and microeconomic, but we are convinced that there will be a final duration of treatment also for obesity since when we look into even [indiscernible] in Type 2 diabetes, more than a 12-month period of adherence is considered long. But encouraging data in Type 2 diabetes so far. And with Zepbound, we will see, that will for sure be an end of duration based upon what we have seen in other chronic diseases, but we believe that the features itself will be motivating for patients.
Patrik Jonsson: I think the only addition would be that we are always aiming for open access. We believe that's important for the providers and the patients we are serving. So that's going to be our aim when it comes to employer opt-in as well. And we believe a move by pricing set down 22% below the competition, despite launching with a best-in-class profile, is also a good signal for increased and enhanced employer opt-in.
Patrik Jonsson: Only addition would be that when we look at the market research, of course, convenience is one factor, but it's not necessarily the most important factor when it comes to provider and consumer selecting treatment. So I'm really excited about the we have in our hands. Of course, Tirzepatide remaining a foundational treatment for obesity, but also with the addition of orforglipron and also the opportunities here to look into options with additional non-weight loss-dependent pharmacology to complement the assets we have in the pipeline.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Seamus. This is really quite new to us but we're really excited about it. We haven't had a chance yet to talk to the FDA here at all about next steps, but we're looking forward to having that opportunity. Of course, this was a small trial of about 190 participants but it did use liver biopsies, of course, to assess the endpoints here. With respect to the improvement in I think probably previously stated that I was unsure whether it would be possible for Incretin-based therapies to reverse fibrosis in patients based on competitor readouts in the field. But really excited to see this data with clinically meaningful improvement in fibrosis. There's different doses. There's different statistical methods that can be applied here, accounting for dropouts, particularly in placebo group. So have to wait for the scientific presentation to see all the p-values there. But we're pretty positive on this data package as a whole and what this could mean for patients, both in terms of stopping progression of MASH and reversing fibrosis.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, sure. Well, thanks for that question, Tim. As you know, Lilly doesn't comment on interims. Probably most trials in our portfolio do have opportunities for interim looks. But that has -- is not, I think, germane at all to the question on the timing on clintrials.gov, which was before and continues to be the time point at which we'll have final data. When we initially put that time point in clinicaltrials.gov was in early 2020, we hadn't started enrolling the trial yet so that was based on our assumption on enrollment rates but probably more importantly on event rates. And as the trial matures, we get a view on event rate. So I know it's frustrating for investors and for us perhaps to wait to longer time to get events, but of course, that's great news for patients when the event rates are slower, remembering that this is a head-to-head trial with a drug Trulicity that we already know is active in preventing
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, thanks. There isn't really a well-established threshold for clinical meaningfulness in sleep apnea. Of course, the commonly used measure here is an index of how many apneic or hypoxic events a patient has while sleeping. Certainly, drugs in this category, I think, have great potential to improve that. We're excited to see what Tirzepatide can see, probably in addition to the absolute percent improvement in AHI that we'll be looking for, I'd also like to see patients switching from one category, for example, intermediate to mild disease or things like that. So we'll be looking at a number of things to assess clinical meaningfulness here, but I'm quite optimistic.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks for your question. Maybe just starting with our take on lean versus fat mass. I think the ratio of lean to fat mass is an important thing to think about. Body composition, not by weight matters to patients, for example, in risk of Type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease, that ratio seems to be important. The good news is that for patients on Tirzepatide, that ratio appears to improve. As you pointed out, they lose far more fat mass than lean mass. And so in every trial we've done, at the end of the trial, if we measure body composition, it's better, a higher ratio of lean to fat than at the beginning of the trial. So we see this changing body composition as a benefit, potential benefit of Tirzepatide to be further explored. Of course, it's also a benefit we want to further extend. You've seen us try to improve the total amount of body weight loss. We're also trying to improve further improve, I should say, the change in body mass composition. And that's why you saw us acquire and experiment with drugs like [indiscernible] the number you quote from the Tirzepatide and semaglutide studies seem right to me. Of course, they're not head-to-head studies. But it does raise a question here about whether there's a potential benefit of GIP-1 -- GIP agonism here in addition to GLP-1 agonism. That's probably the way I would interpret this data.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the clever analysis here. So first of all, I should just say, we literally just got this Phase II data so give us a chance to determine our next steps on the plans, probably debug at least one of the hypotheses here. There's nothing bad in the data that would stop us from going to Phase III. In terms of having a better molecule, probably we do in -- of course, we don't have that kind of Phase II data here for retatrutide. And so that's based on liver fat reduction, which was just incredible in the Phase II trial. Still though, I think having a positive Phase II trial here with really a meaningful data and NASH obligates us to think about next steps. As I said, that's going to the FDA to talk to them. I would say in terms of planning a Phase III for any drug in NASH, a really important priority for us is to move away as much as we can from liver biopsies and replace them with non-invasive testing. I think we and others in the field have made a lot of progress there. We see analogies here to other disease areas. And we hope that in the future, it will be possible to conduct Phase III NASH trials without relying on biopsies. That would really have a profound effect on the feasibility of running these trials quickly but also in the clinical application of NASH drugs, where those non-invasive biomarkers could be identified patients for treatment and monitor response to therapy rather than biopsies.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Dave, of course, that's just the normal Phase III types of risk, new safety signals, which could always arise. I think with respect to DDI and coadministration with SGLT2s, we expect that to be possible, and we have that ongoing in our Phase III trials. There are patients who achieve -- will be just with our base for orforglipron as well as other drugs like SGLT2s.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Well, first of all, it's an unfair comparison. We have so much data now on the benefits of GIP agonism from tens of thousands of participants in randomized clinical trials for Tirzepatide. So we're extremely confident here about the benefits of GIP agonism. Adding to that data, we have experimented with a pure GIP one agonist that doesn't have any GLP-1 and we reported the benefits there in our Phase I study. We're contrasting that here to a small Phase I study that was recently published with a drug that has both GLP-1 agonism and GIP antagonism. I noted in that publication, the GIP antagonism is at a much lower affinity. So it probably only starts to antagonize GIP at very high doses. It's probably a question for that company. But I noted at the high doses actually an increase in free fatty acids and complete attenuation of the decrease in triglycerides in the clinical trial. Those are some effects that we attribute to GIP.  And so I'm not surprised that antagonism of GIP is starting to have some negative effects once that kicks in. We also see GIP agonism as having positive benefits on tolerability, reducing potentially nausea and vomiting. Then again, I think maybe at the higher doses, you could probably see some hints of the opposite effect with antagonism. So pretty glad with the decision we took, and let's see how the field continues to evolve.
Daniel Skovronsky: I'll start with the second, and then maybe Patrik will weigh in on potential value here although that could be a good question for Amgen. Look, I think the sustainability data I saw in that publication are a bit underwhelming. It's a very high-dose drug at half-life of an antibody. So just based on plasma concentrations, that would be extended to -- expected to remain there after a month or two. It doesn't surprise me, but what we're seeing is that at doses that are reasonably well tolerated, if there were any doses that are reasonably well tolerated, weight loss is lower than what we would need to see to take a molecule to Phase III for sure. And sustainability doesn't appear to be at all differentiated.
