Philip Johnson: Okay, Mark, thank you for the question. I will go ahead and take that question, and Derica, if you're free to kind, if you like. For emerging markets first is, we mentioned on the call, we definitely had very strong growth in China. But in addition to that, we're seeing growth in a number of other emerging markets spread across the Asia region. And also, very good growth still from the South American countries. We do have some upcoming patent exposures. We'll begin to see, for example, in Brazil, weigh more heavily. But we continue to see a very strong growth across a number of those geographies. In Japan, Marc, it really is still pretty widespread and good growth. Forteo, for example, is off to a very strong start with the launch on the second half of last year. Cymbalta is doing very well. The insulins are doing extremely well. Alimta share growth has been extremely good since the launch there. Going back, I think, that would have been earlier in 2010, again, late 2009, so really broad-based growth across a number of products driving the Japanese performance.
Philip Johnson: Yes. We had about, as Ronika mentioned, $30 million to $35 million of buy-in. We think in the first quarter, about $20 million, $25 million, if I work its way out in the second quarter.
Philip Johnson: Great. So we'll have Derica take your first question, John, and then Jan for the SGLT-2 question. And I'll handle your AG question.
Philip Johnson: And John, to refer to your question on potential authorized generic for Zyprexa or Cymbalta, let me answer in sort of generally with. What we will be doing each and every time that we do have a patent expiration whether it be an injectable like we have with Gemzar, or oral small molecule like Zyprexa or Cymbalta. We'll definitely look at a host of different options, and I think it's safe to assume that we have, in both occasions, already done planning, looking at different things to see what is the most appropriate late life cycle strategy for the molecule. I would say that is not the case, where an AG would always be a preferred approach. So really, it will be molecule-by-molecule basis. If we were to elect not to do one, on the next one up, for example, I wouldn't take that as indication that we didn't like the way that AG went with Gemzar. In fact, we've felt that has gone quite well. And if we would be one, for example, on Zyprexa, I don't know if that would mean necessarily we would do well on Cymbalta. It really does come down to what the lines of business the customer groups that these products go to, capabilities or partners, et cetera. We'll keep you posted, but at that this time, we have no comment specifically on what would be planned, what would be likely for the Zyprexa.
Philip Johnson: We'll go to Jan for the first question, and then I'll try to answer your question on the looking forward in Europe, what we're going to be expecting, what's happened very recently.
Philip Johnson: One of the other things, Chris, I had to keep in mind for European erosion, we may be in a little bit different environment now in some of the countries in the past had slower erosion. I think it became pretty apparent to many of the payers that there would be very large brand and a large number of them coming off patent. And then the fact that we've positioned themselves to benefit as they should from those patent expirations. So much of the action that you saw in 2010 even was really directed against reducing prices of generic and setting up situations, where once a branded product goes generic, so the initial price was for generics will come out lower. You probably put this in detail, that in many products, you've seen in the past that branded price will be a little lower in Europe than here in the U.S. But actually, the generic price will be substantially higher in Europe than here in the U.S. So again, I think you're going to see a stronger push to use generics more quickly and more fully, in some of the markets in the past may have been slow-erosion markets.
Derica Rice: Marc, this is Derica. The only thing I would add is, if you look at Japan, not only do we have a good growth, but it's been sustained. So we had about 40%, 41% growth in the second quarter. But we knew -- excuse me, in the first quarter. But we knew that had some buy-in as a result of the earthquake and the tsunami. But if you were to normalize for that with a de-stocking that we saw in the second quarter, we basically about 30% to 31% growth in each of the first 2 quarters of this year.
Derica Rice: Okay. Tim, in regards to our animal health business, your 2 questions, one, in regards to Pfizer's decision around our own animal health business, I think it's very early to speculate as to what the nature of the transaction that we'll be seeking, whether it'll be a sale, a spend or an outright IPO. I think it's still to be determined. So at this stage, it will be really speculative on our part. Clearly, we will watch how that situation evolves. And if there are some assets that become available that we're interested in, then, yes, we will pursue them. But we're very happy as well with our -- the current state of our Elanco animal health business. And right now, we're the fastest growing entity in that space, and we feel very good about the launches that Jeff talked about in New York, where we've had 6 launches so far this year coming from our own pipeline. So with or without an additional transaction, we believe we have the capacity to sustain the type of growth that you've seen through this point. And in fact, in the second quarter this year and in the second quarter here, Elanco grew actually 20%. In regards to the impact of the Janssen deal that we just closed this year, it's basically neutral to the bottom line.
Derica Rice: Sure, Jami. In regards to the BI ideal, essentially, it's a profit share if you look in terms of the deal structure itself. Clearly, we've had very good news around that brand. So we got -- received an earlier than expect to launch both in the U.S. as well as in some of the key markets outside the U.S. like Mexico, like Brazil, like Japan. So when you look at our SG&A spend guidance for the year, the primary driver of the increase is FX related, similar to what we talked about on the top line. But at the same time, we are supporting the earlier launches of Tradjenta in those key markets that I highlighted. So those are the 2 factors. And in terms of characterization we've been getting in the past, we talked about their being dilution obviously higher this year driven by the upfront charge that we had in the first quarter and then lessening between 2012 and '13, and then turning positive '14 and beyond. We obviously would have like it little more dilution this year given the incremental investment codes [ph] on some of these approval and launches coming towards the earlier end of the spectrum of what was contemplated. However, we're potentially making up for that and more in our full year guidance by the raise that you've seen on a non-GAAP basis.
Derica Rice: Steve, what's really centered around that is the nature of the erosion curb. I mean, we know exactly the date when we lose the official patent. But what you will see is, probably as we go through this, there will be an impact on our returns policy. So for, at the time of the product goes generic, how much inventory will actually be sitting out in the retail channel, which creates an exposure turn of returns. The second is with the actual adoption rate in terms of generic utilization will be, in terms of buying power and patterns of wholesalers, as well as formularies. So that's where the unpredictable nature of this comes in. But we think we've accounted for a reasonable estimate of that in the guidance range that we provided. And even with those types of uncertainties, if you heard from Phil earlier in on the call, we still have a strong enough underlying business fundamental that has enabled us to be in a position to raise our guidance overall.
Derica Rice: As it relates to the debate or discussion around the deficit-reduction challenge in the U.S., clearly, it's still very early, and it's hard to draw any conclusion based upon the dialogue, at least that I'm aware of. But for the kinds of things that are being debated, if they were to want to introduce with Medicaid-type rebate into Medicare Part D that would be a profound impact, not only for Lilly but for the industry. And so, that's something we would not support, and I don't think our industry peers would either. Along those same lines, we also would not be supportive of reducing the bio -- data protection from biologics or the strengthening of the position of iPad. So these all group concerns that we have. And obviously, we continue to engage in discussion and dialogue with the parties at hand. And if any of those were to move forward, then they would clearly have an impact on jobs in the U.S., and I don't think that's where we all want to go, given the budget discussions that we had in trying to stimulate the economy.
Derica Rice: Regard to the Medco express, it's still early. We do not anticipate there's going to have a material impact on Lilly. I think the bigger impact may actually be on the health plans themselves that they service in terms of going from reducing the number of players. For us, we obviously feel very good about the attributes of our brand. And then maybe at the therapeutic area, where we compete today, there is already low-cost generic options available, yet our brands have held up very well. So in cases like depression or even in schizophrenia, with reason all being generic. So we're not anticipating that this is going to have a material impact on Lilly at this stage but once again, still early. In regard to the Q3 or Q4 impact of SG&A and R&D, I think it's pretty much embedded in our guidance and the color I've provided earlier. If you're looking at SG&A, primarily what you're seeing in terms of our change in our line item guidance is the impact of exchange rate, both in SG&A and R&D. And then, more specifically for SG&A, it's also the impact of the earlier spend, launch spend behind Tradjenta. And we've considered that to be a huge positive force.
Derica Rice: Chris, in regard to the impact of the gross margin as well, I will not quantify the specific. I can give you a clear, directional impact and it’s detrimental. So when we lose a brand like Zyprexa and with its level of profitability, you'll see an unfavorable impact to our gross margin line as that plays through our P&L and financial results.
Derica Rice: Well, let me conclude by first of all, thanking all of you for joining us for this morning's call and more specifically for your questions. We hope that the information we provided today is helpful for your investment of Lilly's financial performance and for our end of our future prospect. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. And I look forward to our continued dialogue, and I hope you all have a great day. Take care.
Jan Lundberg: In relation to our insulin glargine product, which has an intense human testing, we will use Lantus as comparator in Phase III trial.
Jan Lundberg: Right. So let me start with the antiplatelet agents. As you all know, Effient is a irreversible, once-daily antiplatelet, while Brilinta is a reversible, twice-daily agent. A key difference is that, in the Effient studies, which of course are not the same as the Brilinta studies. And to really compare them, we need direct head-to-head studies. But the U.S. patients in the Effient studies did better than Plavix, but for some, still unclear reason in Brilinta. The U.S. patients actually did better on Plavix than on Brilinta, with which, it's a discrepancy for Brilinta to the whole world data. There is also some dyspnea some side effects with Brilinta that Effient doesn't have. So for the moment, I think we have here 2 effective antiplatelet agents in the more whole world populations, while in the U.S. population, Effient did better. And the FDA, I think, took that interpretation into actually saying that Brilinta should not be used when you have a high aspirin dose, which clearly Effient can be used when you have. And since, I think, the U.S. treatment paradigm today has a high number of high aspirin in combinations, it is actually would favor Effient. But overall, we need the head-to-head studies to really make a direct comparison. In relation to solanezumab and the futility analysis that will come up later this year, this is a judgment then of the DMC, of the benefit-risk component. They will look clearly at safety as well as futility of efficacy, and this is their judgment. But my interpretation is that, since Alzheimer's disease is a very serious disease, there is no real treatment to stop progression of disease. And we don't really know today when would the potential effect start of preventing than amyloid. So my feeling is, this will be a judgment call for the DMC. And whatever the outcome, we need to wait for the full study before we can draw any clear conclusions.
Jan Lundberg: With regards to the SGLT-2 class, it is important to remember that this is an agent which has quite a unique action that is independent of insulin secretion. And also, this agent is lowering blood pressure and body weight. So it has clear beneficial attributes. In relation to the reported increase in cancer then for the BMS-AstraZeneca compound, we have no evidence so far that this is happening with the empagliflozin. Clearly, we only have more short-term observations, and we really need to have all the Phase III data before giving any definite answers. We observed also single case of the high slow. We have not seen that in our studies. Just a final comment to come back to the cancer, the reports here, that there is no clinical data or mechanistic hypothesis that would support that there is an increased risk of, for instance, bladder cancer. It's a finding. Like always, safety is paramount, and we need to observe this and be cautious about the future.
Jan Lundberg: In relation to structural activity relationships in relation to potential liver effects of the SGLT-2 agents, I think it's too early to make any conclusions based on a single case. That's the first comment. And secondly, I think history tells us that liver effect can be direct but they can also be indirect to where the immune system, et cetera, could respond. But I think for the moment, we have to get our data for our compound before we do any conclusions about liver risks.
Ronika Pletcher: With regards to trilogy, keep in mind that, that an event-driven trial. But the current estimate and we typically stick to what's estimated in clinicalresults.gov. And that's estimated right now to complete in April of '12, so that trial's progressing and we look forward to that data.
Ronika Pletcher: So with regard to Zyprexa and the patent expirations in Europe, you might keep in mind that in major Europe, we actually lost patent in Spain and some smaller other countries in this past quarter. We didn't see much erosion but expect to see additional erosion as we go through the year. With regard to the rest of major Europe, the patent will actually expire in September. And keep in mind, we would, again, expect to see additional erosion as that occurs.
Ronika Pletcher: Right. So you might remember, Seamus, we've gotten some excitingly so traction with regard to Brilinta over the last -- excuse me, with regard to proxy grow over the last couple of quarters. We've seen there as we've seeing quarter-over-quarter nice trends with our TRx. We're still seeing continued growth with regards to new to brand, which has been very impressive given where we are in the current launch. Right now, that exceeds about 13%. Again, we are seeing about 1 in 5 ACS patients, and STEMI type, specifically, are receiving Effient, which is pretty impressive. And so, we hope that, that traction continues. Again, we are seeing quarter-over-quarter growth in our NRx and TRx and are excited by this trend as doctors continue to accept and try prozigro [ph] or Effient.
